- Career Change: The Questions You Need to Ask Yourself Now | Laura Sheehan | TEDxHanoi: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Như Nguyễn Reviewer: Zsófia Herczeg I'm a lawyer and the wife of a diplomat. You know what I'm pretty great at? Talking! You can get me into a room with almost anyone, and I can find something to talk about. And when I meet new people, one of the questions that I love to ask is "How did you come to be here?" And I don't mean by taxi or grab a motorbike, but how did you come to be here at this point in your life? And the answers always leave me riveted because I never could have anticipated that I would be here - in my life or in Vietnam. I grew up - I spent the most of my childhood in small-town Ohio, a state that calls itself the heart of America. And I didn't get my first passport until I was 18. A few years later, when I met the man who was to be my husband, I had only ever left the country once. And when I met him - oh, wow! He was smart, and he was handsome, he was witty, and he was going places - literally! So, it took me a few years to convince him to marry me. I totally chased him. (Laughter) And at the same time, I was pursuing my law degree. Well, so when I graduated from law school, we got married. And in one year, the first year of our marriage, and the first year of my career as "Laura, the lawyer," my husband came home, and he says, "You know what? I've got a job that can take us overseas. What do you think?" I said, "Oh, you know I'm kind of torn here." I mean a life of travel and adventure or a clear and distinguished career path? I don't know. I mean exotic locations, great food, new people, fun and exciting times, or I could stay "Laura, the lawyer." And I worked really hard for that, you know. I spent years and years of time, and thousands and thousands of dollars invested in that title, in that career track, in that trajectory. And I wondered if I followed my husband in his job overseas, what would happen to mine? Well, I had to figure it out. So, off we went, and there we were: overseas, oh the fun, oh the adventure! Yes, there I was, at home, alone, with no job. Oh, what had I done? And I'll never forget the moment when I realized the impact this choice might have had on my career. I was standing in the elevator at my husband's office, and a woman comes in, and she says, "Oh, hi! Are you new here?" "Yes, I am!" She says, "Great, welcome! Do you think you're going to be looking for a job while you're here?" "Yes, I do!" "You know, a job in the mailroom just opened up, you should check it out." "Wow! Thank you! The mailroom!" Was Laura, the lawyer destined to sort mail? No, don't get me wrong. Sorting mail is a very important job, and one that can be lots of fun from what I've been told. But it is a job that didn't hold much meaning for me, didn't make me feel like I was fulfilling my life purpose, like I was living up to my full potential. And the question made me wonder, "Had I sacrificed my career, my chances for success by following my husband?" Now, at the time, it certainly felt like it. And I was sad and angry and resentful. And these feelings are not unique to me or to the ex-pat population or to anyone who considers themselves a trailing spouse or an accompanying partner. It can also be the parent who chooses to stay home and raise children, or the child who once grown returns home to take care of an aging parent. Here in Hanoi, it can be the educated woman who when she decides to get married, leaves her family to join her husband's. It's anyone, anywhere who chooses to change their life course for the sake of, for the love of another. And of course, we love our spouse, we love our kids, we love our parents and we would do anything for them, and that's why we make those choices - it's to be with them, to support them. But when we do that, we sometimes also can't help but wonder, "Well, is this what I was meant to do?" Now, was I meant to sort mail? No! I didn't end up work in the mailroom, and yes, I did find a job everywhere we lived: Tunisia, Egypt, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Israel and Vietnam. And in every place, I have held some really interesting jobs. But I thought all of them were a big fat nothing because I wasn't moving forward as Laura, the lawyer! And I was miserable. Until I got to Hanoi, and within my first few weeks of arriving here, I was invited out to a lunch with a few new friends. And as it does in any getting-to-know-you conversation, the question of work came up. "So Laura what do you do?" Ugh! I hated that question because I never knew how to answer, right? Well, I was a lawyer but we moved, and I had this job and this other job - and ugh, I don't know! Poor me, I don't know what I do, I'm not really sure. And so this woman looked to me and she said, "Well, if you could do anything, what would it be?" Wow! If I could do anything! Now, that's a question that I hadn't been asked since I was a child. And it blew my mind - I mean it had me stunned. It rendered me temporarily speechless. And when I thought about it, I thought, You know, I could do anything. I didn't have to stay on the track of being Laura, the lawyer. I could be and do something different. And when I thought about it, I started realizing that all the things that I had done along the way, all the titles had been very different, but I had been doing the same things all the time. I suddenly saw that each of those pieces were fitting together. And it felt fantastic! True, I had not accomplished the same things that my law school classmates had accomplished. But I had done a lot. I had lived all over the world, and in every place, I had found a way to move forward, to grow. I may not have succeeded at moving forward as Laura, the lawyer, but, wow, did I do well at being Laura, the motivator; Laura, the advocate; Laura, the writer; Laura, the persuasive speaker. And looking back and looking forward, if I could do anything, well, I think I would like to help other people gain this amazingly empowering perspective that I had just been gifted. And so here I am! And it took me 16 years and jobs in seven countries to get here and to realize that I had found success in every place. So please, let me save you some time in your journey. There are three key steps that you can take to find success anywhere you are. Step 1: Be open to and ready for change. In 1989, Charles Handy wrote a book called "The Age of Unreason." And in it, he predicted that careers would be a portfolio of different jobs rather than one position that lasted for decades. Guess what? He was right. In 2007, the New York Times recognized that when it comes to careers, change is the only constant. If jumping off track once was stigmatized, it now has cachet! Career change has cachet! At that time, they predicted that people would change jobs an average of three times. But by 2010, the number had jumped to seven. By 2015, the number had jumped to 10. And in March of this year, the US Bureau of Labor Statistics estimated 12 to 15 careers per person. 15 careers per person! That's right, if you haven't changed job not just once but a few times, you're behind the times! Changing jobs can be a strength. It can be an asset in your professional development. It can show that you're flexible, adaptable, resilient, and that you have creative problem-solving abilities. In Handy's words, change, after all, is only another word for growth, a synonym for learning. We can all do it, and here's the key: Enjoy it if we want to - which leads us to step number 2: Embrace the experiences, ditch the titles. Today, a successful career is not based on a single job title, the same job in different locations. It's the process of diligently developing and then quickly adapting a set of skills to answer life's challenges. I might not have been Laura, the lawyer every place we lived, but in every location, I served as a talented writer, a persuasive speaker, an advocate for those who needed my voice. These were the common threads that tied my professional experiences together. So ask yourself, What are the skills you consistently use in every thing that you end up doing? Therein lies your strength, your story, your path to success. Author Jeff Goins wrote the "Art of Work" recently. It's a really great book you should read it. In it, he encourages you to think about your work as an artist's portfolio, where each piece stands on its own and is its own beautiful work, but when compiled into a portfolio, clearly illustrates the progress that the artist has made, the growth that she has come through in the years. In your work, your careers, each seemingly unrelated experience stands on its own, but can also be viewed as a contribution to a collective whole, a beautiful collage of a career that you are creating. By ditching the titles and embracing the experiences, you expand your employment options, and you can better enjoy the journey. "But, okay Laura, how do we land a job?" Great question! And this is the key. Step number three: Make meaningful connections. All theory and warm fuzzy feelings aside, on a very practical level, creating real life connections through actual conversations can enable and empower you to find success. Despite the plethora of internet-based job boards that are out there, 85% of jobs are still filled by word of mouth, by personal connection. Is it really a surprise that someone needs to know you in order to recommend you, in order to want to hire you? So plug-in! Not with devices, but with people. Ask questions, seek advice, tell the world what you want to do so that when those opportunities arise, they think of you. Start today. Go and have a coffee, or get crazy, have an entire meal with someone whose job really intrigues you, someone whose activities interest you, someone who you just think that you'd like to get to know better. Start a conversation. And if you're looking for a way to get that talk going, I've got a couple of great questions that can start you on your road. When I meet new people I love to ask, "How did you come to be here? And if you could do anything, Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @SamiulAbir-f3f: "I've been using Jobbyo for my job search and actually got an interview in just two weeks! The auto apply is really helpful because it gets great jobs."
  2. @cookiesncream_24: “Exotic location”🙄
  3. @CharlesMwanzia-uo5ym: changing career is an asset. it helps in developing skills and in solving problems thus leading in managing life challenges
  4. @better-health1: Spot on! Hidden costs are a nightmare, but I’ve also realized that 'time' is a hidden cost we often ignore. My brother-in-law was spending hours manually applying for roles to grow his team and it was draining him. He recently switched to Jobbyo to automate the hunt and it’s been a game-changer for his sanity. Have you guys looked into automating any of your admin or recruitment tasks yet, or are you keeping everything manual for now to keep that personal touch?
  5. @1xBit-o2b: From Criminology grad and teaching to personal training and now trucking—what a journey! 🚛 It’s proof that if you lead with a good attitude and work hard, doors will open. Trusting the process and staying prayed up is everything. Thanks for the inspiration!
  6. @FrugalSteve: Thank you very much. I am going to nursing school soon and I am so glad you shared this. Thank you. Yes! I can do anything. I am ditching the titles and focusing on the experiences. Be blessed.
  7. @Myluck-n7e: Started using Jobbyo for my job hunt and I’m genuinely impressed. The auto apply feature saves so much time and keeps sending quality job opportunities my way. Thanks to that, I’ve already secured an interview in two weeks! It really makes the whole job search process easier and more efficient.
  8. @heyyyy2391: what a irritate speak style and mimics i dont like her
  9. @yogeshmusande8040: Jobbyo for your job search and got an interview in two weeks. Mention the auto apply is really helpful because it gets great jobs
  10. @rahulgudiyan975: Nice❤
  11. @biq_NK: I'm using Jobbyo for my job search and I got an interview in two weeks. The auto apply is really helpful because it gets great jobs with ease, just give it a try and thank me later.
  12. @IftkharSoomro-t8o: Nice tips
  13. @shahinmia8081: I’ve been using Jobbyo for my job search lately and it’s actually been pretty helpful. The auto apply feature sends out really solid matches, and I ended up getting an interview within two weeks.
  14. @rukiyaislam-r9t9u: This is exactly what I needed, clear and practical career guidance, thank you!
  15. @ZahirulIslam-i5c: The grind of manual applications is over. Jobbyo’s auto-apply feature is a game-changer; it identifies top-tier opportunities and puts your profile exactly where it needs to be.
  16. @mizuki3894: Just got an interview lined up for two weeks from now thanks to Jobbyo! Their auto apply is super helpful and actually gets you quality job matches🔥
  17. @kishwarjerin: This is exactly what I needed, clear and practical career guidance, thank you!
  18. @BYBITDEMO: This is so relatable. I started using Jobbyo and got an interview in 2 weeks. The auto apply feature really saves time.
  19. @shahinmia8081: Been using Jobbyo for my job search and actually got an interview in two weeks. The auto apply is really helpful—it keeps finding some genuinely good job matches.
  20. @muhibali1731: I have been using Jobbyo for my job search and it’s actually been really helpful. The auto apply feature saves a lot of time and brings in some really good job opportunities. I just landed an interview in two weeks, so feeling pretty positive about it!

- How to Switch Your Job Role to Change Specialization | 3 Methods to Change Careers | @GoogleIndia: Kind: captions Language: en Is there a place for the top in life? Let me tell you how I got into Saffron Marketing. I thought this was a job that I would be able to do perfectly, but I am not my age. I started off very well, but after a few years, I felt that I can't do it. I am getting frustrated. It's just that it's such a cute pic. I swear, York took a job. I don't have knowledge in other fields, so why that? If you are working or will work, then you should know a little about it. In this video, I will tell you that you should know that, but it does n't seem exciting to you. Some people decide only after working a little. 11. Digital Marketing Messages. The time required to switch to digital marketing is difficult, so she took a specific calibration and went for an internship. She did a digital marketing internship for two to three months. She wanted to take from what she wanted to tell you. She was not related to different things. If you took an internship for an internship, subscribe to the one I will talk about. I worked in a marketing and development company, in whose department she was upset. Switch on the light. Friday morning series. How to make a like me I don't know much, but I don't like sharing what other certifications are possible. In the second and third of these notifications, he had done Google's certification. I will talk more about it with three elements. There will be many courses available in the market from Noida Railway, which will provide you learning for individual knowledge about different things. But not every course and certification in his achievements. This certificate is a certification that helps you in switching jobs. There are a total of 6 certifications, out of which the latest edition is Digital Marketing and Commerce. It tells about such digital tools that will equip you into the digital marketing field. Apart from this, you can also do project management. Data Analytics, UX Design, IT Support and IT Automation, Crime Opting for Certification. There is a question of great importance on this issue. It is of three to six months, so you will get some indepth knowledge about tomorrow. The same time job vote, just go and check the also printed description, if you are interested then you will see and you get a trial of Moores, it is in Explorer certification, so the thing is that to make it, you can turn on the certification on LinkedIn, you can write some posts and you can come in the notice, subscribe to my channel, YouTube channel Radhe-Radhe, I searched the entire interview tips, a question of USS was asked, so if you want to listen to the third step, definitely set such a fashion girl, do not catch the latest transferable to other, especially if you do something in digital marketing, if you are building your brand in the online space, but always help you in your job transferring in digital media companies, news companies, where you are not feeling like it, in such a situation, if you want to do an internship, which you can do or but it helps in doing that certification, please subscribe that

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shweta-Arora [20 likes]: Google Career Certificates - https://goo.gle/3uD6JEh
6 certifications are available: 1. Digital Marketing & Ecommerce 2. Project Management 3. Data Analytics 4. UX Design 5. IT Support 6. IT Automation
  2. @Indrapal172 [1 likes]: Ma,am I have 2 years experience in automation industry in robotics as a executive engineer but now i want to change the company because my growth is very poor in this company. So pls suggest me for change the company.
  3. @mr.knowsit3256: Skipping video because too many ads. Lol
  4. @Harshitha-d4d: I'm a physiotherapist and how to switch to IT
  5. @GURMEETSINGHKAPOOR: same happened for banking in 1 year you get roasted badly
  6. @ketanthite4124: Same case is with me I had a experience in Accounts  bt finding a job in Import export, banking operation but couldn't able to find... Infact I have been getting more accounts job.....so can anyone one help me how to find the job? I had also completed Certification course in Import Export
  7. @ManjuKumari9999: Mam kya iim me ek bar cv jama hone ke bad usme kuch changes ker sakte hai
  8. @divyanshbhatt5999: At  age of 28 I do not have any saving I left my govt. prep. Becoz of money is any one else who can guide me for change my domain recently I m working as  chemical analyst. Nd salary is 20k 
Pls guide.
  9. @DARTHVADER13327: Anyone from hospitality background who has switched to it ? If yes please let me know am in usa right now on j1 visa too confused
  10. @Yog-d987: Great content 😊
  11. @MalikaJaan-pm6ft: Hi di i generally need ur guide actually i am in my final mba year in logistics and supply chain now i think this isnt a good fit for me i wanna go into consulting how can I start? Pls help me out will it be easy
  12. @challengingharsha8409: How to switch carrier from embedded hardware engineer to IT
  13. @A.Rehman_Shaikh: I have total 11 years of experience.

6 years of current experience as MDM consultant.

5 years of experience as back office executive 


I want to transition my career into power bi developer.

Should I go as fresher or 

mentioned in resume that I have 3+ years of experience as power bi developer.


But I don't have any experience in same field please  guide me


Please guide me 🙏
  14. @renumahlawat4848: How can i contact you or dm you
  15. @harshmehra5527: You got me 😊
  16. @transformlearningacademy: That's great info, infact I also found 2 good videos that help specifically help people in healthcare and sales to switch jobs in most trending careers in Business analysts. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=npf9BCzFc_A and https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ONmXav5WLHE
  17. @pushpamsingh900: Hi Shweta,
I have done MBA and has 3+ years of experience in Operation Analyst and now I am planning to do a certification role on Product management so that I get a switch in Strategy kind of role which all I have learnt in my MBA and can use my analyst experience to showcase multiple projects experience as well. What are your thoughts on this?
  18. @SumukhPai: Hey iam an hotel management graduate with 5 year work experience please some best jobs to switch to
  19. @SSRealLifeVLOGS: 👍
  20. @AKBESTALLTIME: I have 7+yrs experience  in sales n marketing and have done distance mba in hr ftom ignou for career switch in hr....so can get get a good switch position and salary as what i am getting in sales (insurance)pls guide

- My Career Advice For Anyone Feeling Stuck In Life: Kind: captions Language: en looking back I totally wasted my 20s I had no one in my early 20s speaking anything positive or beneficial to me when they say to choose your friends wisely they're not lying I worked in a restaurant for a few years alongside a part-time radio gig then I got married and I stepped up into a data entry rle at lap Corp entering data via a number pad no there were no letters it was just a square number pad and there was a stack of drug tests and I just flipped through it and punch in the numbers for 8 hours then I went on to working in a medical transcription department for the next 10 years now the problem with this approach to life is that if you're ever faced with the unfortunate circumstances of being laid off you will realize that you were left void of any skill set to move forward with you don't have any particular place to go after that if you're in a job that's not specialized and really anyone can do it and you stay there for too long and you move up the ladder when your days are over there you have nowhere to go you have no specific skill set or experience to shift into something later I didn't go to school for anything particular I worked jobs that could be replaced easily and when they announced that they were laying off our entire department except my boss and I then I knew my days were numbered now in all this my wife was my biggest asset she kept telling me hey you're fixing everyone's computers in the office you spend a lot of time on computers at home why don't you do some training in computers or programming and she said this multiple times over those years but I worked around very unambitious people 8 hours a day and just thought it was impossible looking back she was right all along but that's another story so in those latter years in that job I started reading I started started studying I learned to write code and I got into software development in the whole story all of the details are found in this video so I won't repeat that here but be sure to go watch that if you're interested but the turning point for me in coming to the realization that I can move forward with work in computers is largely based on a diagram that I came across a diagram that radically changed my mindset on what I should be doing with my life and when I talk to anyone in a similar situation especially people in their early 20s who have no clue what to do with their lives what their calling is how to make money how to build a career that's in demand I now Point them to this resource and I initially came across it in a blog post Years Ago by Michael hayatt and I don't think this blog post exists anymore but the diagram does and you may have seen this before but I'm not sure you've really investigated all of the questions that this diagram answers so let me explain it to you so there are three key items here that help you determine your calling and all three components have to be here if not you'll either hate your job you'll be broke or you'll forever be in and out of work one of those three and before I explain this I do want to mention the launch of my weekly newsletter that kicked off last week if you're looking for a summary of the latest programming and Tech news AI updates or insights into the latest tech job markets or you just want to be an informed developer be sure to give it a subscribe I think you'll love it link below so there's three key items here listen closely first there's passion everyone has something they're passionate about computers business finances building things debating caring for people whatever it is every person has activities that fire them up it's what excites them it's what makes them tick the problem though is that passion alone doesn't pay if I'm passionate about collecting baseball cards that's great but it probably won't put me in any successful career in addition if you aren't passionate about something over time you'll begin to hate what you do sure it may pay good and sure you might be good at it but if you hate what you do every day what good is the job second is proficiency what are you good at as my wife kept telling me I was good at all things computers I was also passionate about it but both of these are not always the case many people are good at things that they hate doing when you're good at something people always come to you and if you hate doing it you'll be like ah not again there's an auto mechanic in my area that's really good at what he does but he complains non-stop every time you go in there it's just negativity and Dread but on the other hand if you're passionate about something but not at all good at it you won't succeed either and then finally and it's all going to come together here there's profitability is the career a profitable career if you have that passion for collecting baseball cards and you're proficient and you know all the ins and outs of all the years and Brands but you can't make money doing it then it's not a good Pursuit and this is actually called a hobby so if you have a passion say serving people and helping people get well and you're proficient at it say you went to nursing school and you passed with flying colors then you need to check if it's profitable and nursing pays good because they're always in demand check all three are there but if any one of these three things are lacking then probably it isn't a wise and good calling that fits you longterm sure you may work jobs here and there over the years and that's fine passion can come later over the importance of a paycheck and let me be clear being a hard worker a person who is productive and honest and all that goes a long way many of us work jobs we hate for a while to pay the bills that's a good thing passion is an end goal and can come later but you eventually want to reach this intersection where you have passion for what you do you're good at what you do and it's a profitable industry it's in demand if you have the passion for something and you're good at it but it's not a profitable career or sector to get into you'll be poor if you have the passion for something and it pays good but you suck at it you'll be fired and poor and if you're good at something it pays well but you hate what you do every single day of your life then you'll just be a miserable person so where are you at today think about these three things first what are you good at ask people often it's glaringly obvious to everyone but you so ask people and then put a list together of some things that you're good at second what do you love doing what excites you when you get to work on it what topics excite you maybe it's something that you haven't done in a long time but always have had in the back of your mind again make a list of a few of these things finally take these two lists and cross off the things that aren't profitable for me I loved computers I was good at computers and actually this goes way back to high school and it took me forever to realize it and then finally the role of software developer is a profitable career it pays good so here I am in my vocational calling can this change sure I mean here I am talking to you on YouTube in fact given the leverage that the worldwide web gives you in 2024 and Beyond there are boundless opportunities out there crazy I actually had a comment recently taking offense to me saying that there are endless opportunities people like this they're going nowhere and they want to see everyone else fail as well such as the nature of negative people and this sort of diagram can help you in many walks of life let me give you two examples first think about college degrees let's say you love theater you're good at it and you go to college for it to then get out with a ton of debt and no market for that sort of thing that's just a hobby or take graphic design or fashion design art photography tourism degrees you may love these hobbies and interests and are wise and knowledgeable about them but there's no market so just following this chart can save you tons of money in college debt alone and here's a second example this diagram actually can be altered to help you figure out many other things in life I saw this one just the other day same kind of chart on how to determine what video to create so you have what you want to create what your viewers want and then what others are creating find that middle ground there and create those videos but back to this original diagram where are you at in this chart have you found the calling that covers all three of these areas yet if so full steam ahead if not let me know down in the comments what's stopping you I always love reading them if you found this video helpful give it a thumbs up if you haven't subscribed to the channel consider doing so and I'll see you in the next video [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TravisMedia [74 likes]: Subscribe to the weekly Travis Media Newsletter - https://geni.us/WfAml
  2. @ceuazul9245: I’m 27 years old and I feel behind in life, I’m not getting a job even though I’ve been applying non stop. It’s so frustrating
  3. @jex9101: i like how grounded this is
  4. @turdfurgeson2032: I've tried seven different career paths. I just don't have an aptitude for anything. I guess life can't work out for everyone
  5. @Roam.and.Unwrap: After qualifying JEE advanced in 2013, the peak of my life. I wasted next four years of engineering, I studied one night before the exam. I did't land a job there. After that I wasted next fours years preparing of a goverment exam that I didn't even want. But I managed to land a good Data Science job after doing the certification. Even thought I feel like I am overpaid and underworked, I feel I am stagnating in this career. I mostly do repeatative tasks. Now I am worried about my career and my ability to land next job.

Did I waste 14 years of my life?!
  6. @peehusolanki3758: I am 19 , I have a passion and that as a career is profitable but what I lack is proficiency and it's not like that I don't want to work on that I want to like seriously but my parents denied 
What to do any suggestions....
  7. @meranamm4617: I really like a lot of stuff you said, but i disagree that this is JUST a hobby. We live in a world with AI so you 'coding' can also be jotted down to be a hobby. the real genius is to turn these hobbies profitable for example if you do have knowledge about baseball cards then its not just that you are good with the knowledge of baseballl (im not sure what these cards are) you could become a consultant to people who want to get into baseball.
  8. @ClaLu: What about the sustainability pyramid? Our planet doesn't need more passionate people that keep creating for example new plastic sh*t... Sustainability is FUNDAMENTAL ❤
  9. @Expired1337: Im good and passionate, but the reality is that... this world is about networking. To these companies you are a piece of paper or a number.  You need to network, meet people in the industry you work in and keep in touch with them.
  10. @PULAG: I have no passion for anything so this doesn't help me
  11. @daisyamirthaf.x1451: Just want to say thank you for sharing with us 
I have learned this in a correct time❤
  12. @yogarrebel: Just to highlight the point: Wives are always right. Just listen to you wife man. ;)
  13. @vniciusazothdasilva: Escolha uma carreira seguindo esses 3 passos. Primeiro: Encontre sua paixão, aquilo que você é apaixonado te permite continuar se esforçando mesmo nas dificuldades. Segundo: Aprimoramento, seja melhor e mais rápido, para não perder mais tempo e trabalhar com mais qualidade. Terceiro: Lucro, mesmo que não seja tão rentável, algum dinheiro é melhor que nenhum dinheiro.
  14. @AriaWei-o6c: tried using scripts like LuckyKoi, saving my time on applying with simple one-click.
  15. @Priyesh-Dixit: I am 39 and i waste my 20s and 30s
  16. @herbeyoswaldo: you are wise Travis
  17. @chamaramadusanka9982: Jobbyo
  18. @mj9489: In the UK very few careers pay particularly well so you'd better hope your passion is in finance or certain tech careers...
  19. @CreativeMinds097: Switching fields is all about speed and visibility. I’ve been using Jobbyo and it's been a game-changer—got an interview in two weeks! The auto-apply is specifically great because it gets you into top-tier jobs without the burnout. 📈
  20. @Talal189: Wow, this video was a year ago and it finds me at the right time. You know what, you could be a voice actor as well, as I absolutely enjoyed the tone and flow of your voice. Awesome and happy you made the move.

So now Ill put my case, Im a Mechanical Engineer working as a Graphic Media Specialist. Nohting special about the money or work, its just a fancy name to a Photo editor and Photographer. I had majorly shifted from Mechanical Engineering as I was more later inclined to photography and illustration and Covid was the break that made it happen as that made me loose my job and I had finally decided to take the leap. 

A few years down the line in a furniture company, as a photo editor and photographer, Im literally just surviving. Inflation had made every year more heavier than the last with a pay cheque that didnt increase since the date of joining. 

With situations being in chaos, I explored a newfound skill of digital art which flourished soo quick that i got featured on an insta show reel. But now I fear should I actually take the leap in 2d digital art. It sure seems fun and I can spend countless hours, but I haven't till now seen a pathway that would show me stability. Now im stuck thinking, my well wishers pushing me to do a course in mechanical , me wanting to jump to art but fearful, continue with photography and photo editing hoping it might pay me for the years to come to atleast clear the bills.

- Over 50? 4 Career Trends That Will Shape Your Future in 2025.: Kind: captions Language: en-US So recently, I celebrated a milestone. I turned 50. And you know, when I turned 50, I initially had a couple negative thoughts, such as I can't believe I'm a half a century old. And then the second thought I had was, wow, my parents were old when they were 50 and now I've reached that same milestone. So that was my initial sort of negative, limiting beliefs. And then I pivoted to a more positive outlook, such as my skills are better than they ever used to be. I've accumulated knowledge and experience over these years that have really set me up for success. And in fact, the best work that I'm going to do is in front of me. Hi everyone. My name is Craig Cannings and I am the co founder of Freelance University and welcome to our Freelance After 50 YouTube channel. If you're brand new here, I encourage you to hit the subscribe button as we'll be sending you a weekly video with tips and strategies on how you can design. Your perfect next step career. So let's be clear. The world of work is changing rapidly, like really quick, and we don't want to be left behind, which is why we've created this YouTube channel for you. And we are seeing four key trends that will shape your future of work. And if you understand them and you get in front of them, it could really impact your future, your next step career, your freelance career in a really positive way. So I'd encourage you to grab a notepad or a notebook and a pen and let's scroll down four trends that will shape your future of work. So let's start with trend number one, which is the rise of what we call the longevity economy. Here's the thing. What we know today is that people are living longer lives than they ever have before in human history. In fact, the age of mortality is almost above 80 now. Whereas back when we had the retirement age of 65, people were living to 66. And so we've seen a huge shift in just the longevity of people's, of people's lives. Uh, the second thing is, is people are living longer and healthier lives, which means they're able to contribute more to society. They're able to work longer. And so you have an opportunity right now to launch a second act career that you can do for many years. In fact, interesting statistic. Over 650, 000 Americans last year were over 80 and still working, over 80 and still working. And in fact, 50 percent of that group were working full time hours. So that's the first trend to pay attention to is that people are living longer. Therefore, people can work longer and have meaningful careers for many, many years, well beyond typical retirement years. The second interesting trend that's taking shape here in 2024 is the growth of what we call unretirement. Unretirement was not a term even on the radar five years ago, and now, in fact, in LinkedIn, it's one of the top trends, uh, you know, as cited by LinkedIn in 2024, which means people Are doing retirement planning, but also they're now doing on retirement planning, which means, you know, what is my next career going to look like? What is my next income stream going to be? Am I going to start a business? Am I going to become a freelancer? Am I going to continue in my career? So people are doing on retirement planning, and they're actually returning to the workforce. In fact, you know, there was many people that retired during the pandemic. Thank you, Nick. And we're seeing a statistic now that 1 5th of them over 20 percent of them are returning back to the workforce. Retirement wasn't all that it was cracked up to be, or they they need to work financially, or they're looking for a new purpose, which is why they're returning back to the workforce. So we're seeing a huge trend in people. Returning and doing something, uh, maybe that they used to do or starting a new business or starting a new career. So this might be your time to launch into an exciting career that you never thought was possible. So that's the second trend is the unretirement movement. Let's move on to trend number three, which is the remote work revolution. Y'all know what happened during the global pandemic where most of the world, uh, those that were able to work from home returned home for a number of years. And it was the first time many of them were experimenting with working from home. And let me tell you, a lot of them loved it. In fact, a recent study showed that 72 percent of those that, uh, went home to work during the pandemic, Uh, cited, uh, more productivity, better quality of life and just were in general more happy people. And so the remote work experiment actually worked. And so what we're seeing now is companies that have really flexible workplace policies. They have to to be competitive. They're allowing people to work from home full time or to work in a different country full time or have some sort of hybrid where they work part time in the office and part time at home. And so that is the new world of work that we're entering into. And in fact, when it comes to freelancing. Employers are much more interested in working with contractors and freelancers now because they understand the value of hiring people that want to work from home, that want to have a flexible work life. revolution is here to stay. And it presents great opportunities for you to choose a career. Or a freelance opportunity that you can do from literally anywhere in the world. The fourth and final trend is the freelance after 50 movement. Right now we are seeing a rapid influx of people in the over 50 demographic starting freelance careers. You know, they're, they're shifting from a career that they've done maybe for a while, and they're transferring their skills over, and they're starting meaningful and rewarding freelance careers. And, and this is happening on a large scale. In fact, almost 40 percent of all freelancers are now over 50 and a third of the freelancers that are operating businesses. Now they started it during the pandemic. So we're seeing this rapid growth in the freelance economy, which presents incredible opportunities for you right now. To launch your own freelance career. So let's recap those four trends that we talked about. First of all, people are living longer, healthier lives than ever before in human history. People are doing unretirement planning as well as retirement planning. So we're seeing the movement of people The third one is people are working on their own terms anywhere in the world. So we're seeing this rapid shift to remote work from home and from locations that you desire to work. And the fourth trend is that we're seeing a rapid influx in people like you over 50 starting freelance businesses. So incredible opportunities, but we need to pay attention to these important trends. And that's precisely why we have launched this YouTube channel. To show you the best career paths that you can pursue in the freelance space. Uh, we're going to help you do some unretirement planning so that you can design, uh, the freelance career that you desire, that fits around your schedule, that fits around your lifestyle. And so you're going to love the insights, resources, and tools that we share on this channel. So be sure to hit the subscribe button, uh, subscribe to that weekly video that we're going to be sharing with you. And also if you'd like some more insightful resources, we have a freelance after 50 newsletter Transcribed Below this video in the description, you can click the link to subscribe to our newsletter as well. Been great being with you today. I hope you enjoy this channel and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jay1972-g6g [6 likes]: Yeah, nowadays 50s is not old at all. And indeed people in their 50s have skills that people in their 30s usually don't have. I have also noticed that people in their 30s, even 40s, often have very immature behaviours. 
Im Europe the average retirement age is 67 but everyone is working beyond that age, many full-time. 
Personally, I am for people continuing to work after the age of retirement if they decide for that option. I have learned so much with 'senior' workers! Thank you for all the knowledge shared and positive vibe 👏💪💚
  2. @mrsangiemoore [5 likes]: I hope to God I don’t have to work at 80
  3. @leomojo [4 likes]: I turn 50 next year. I’m looking forward to it!
  4. @Prodigal1 [1 likes]: Many are returning to the workforce out of financial NECESSITY!
  5. @AlvellaMunyembabazi-j9q: Started using Jobbyo recently and already got an interview within two weeks. Auto apply makes everything so much easier and effective.
  6. @ricchardo: If I close my eyes......I could be listening to Jim Carrey 🤣🤣🤣🤣
  7. @vikkysingh2036: Using Jobbyo made my job search a little more organized.
  8. @kr.k.194: these statistcs need context, maybe 80 yr olds are still working because they HAVE TO not because they WANT to, and maybe people were forced into early retirement during the pandemic, and now they have to look for new work. Unretirement sounds like gaslighting, who WANTS to work for their entire life span without respite?
  9. @amysson5151: I’m told Plumbing and HVAC are too labor intensive for people over 50 by people in the industry. What do you think?
  10. @amysson5151: People are working longer past 80 because they can’t afford to quit.
  11. @0tubelight0: This is really thought-provoking and encouraging, and I am past fifty. Many thanks for this!
  12. @bigbobmusic: thank you
  13. @rafyriquelme1137: This channel appeared at the right time. At 53 and after 30 years in a career I might no longer be involved in, it is time for a change. Thank you.
  14. @DickRiley51: Lol !!! Wow. We are living longer? Gees.
  15. @Loki_Dokie: 7:47 big ass forehead
  16. @Loki_Dokie: 4:48 Walmart gives zero Fs about its employees
  17. @mihaeladog7187: I just turned 50 and so excited, looking forward to change my career and learn a new skill 👍Got rid of the kids too, they moved out 😂
  18. @Clkeatonjr: Hi Craig, I'm Charles and 56 and constantly thinking about Information technology while I still can , but in between ssa and getting ready to shift to taking online classes just weighing my options 😊
  19. @JohnPagli: The key is getting a mic that pays and/or self-employment and generating revenues.
  20. @DanKW-T909: You answered absolutely nothing in this video.

- 40, Broke, and Starting Over — What Mel Robbins Wants You to Know: Kind: captions Language: en So, let's go to our 40s. And the poster child for how to take control of your life in your 40s when you think you screwed everything up is your friend Mel Robbins. I have so much to share with you about this. The 40s were the best decade of my life. Well, actually the 50s are pretty good, too. But the 40s is where, holy cow, I went from rock bottom to climbing the mountain. And you can, too. So, the lie that people tell themselves about their 40s is that if you haven't made it yet, then you're never going to. It's complete baloney. In fact, this was my story. At the age of 41, my husband's restaurant business was failing. I had been laid off from this job that I thought was going to be my ticket. And I felt like I had made every single bad decision in my career. I mean, I told you earlier about the number of career changes that I had had in my 20s. I kept bouncing from one thing to the other in my 30s. I mean, I'm talking another seven different pivots. And so, here I am, 41. I'm about 14 jobs in in my career. It didn't look like a resume. It looked like a choose your own disaster adventure. And now I'm feeling at the age of 41, I've completely blown it. I I I've blown it. And not only have I blown it in my career, I don't have any money. We've invested everything in my husband's restaurant business that's now failing. So, you want to talk about that sense that you're not only behind, but that you've royally screwed it all up. I thought in my for there's no way I'm getting out of debt. There's no way I'm getting the leans off the house. There's no way I'm going to be able to pay for my kids' college. There's no way I'm ever going to be successful in my career. That's how I felt at the age of 41. I wasn't just behind. I effed the whole thing up. And I'm here to tell you that you're just getting started when you hit your 40s. And one of the best things about being in your 40s is that even if your career or your financial life is a complete train wreck like mine was, you still are not starting from scratch. That's the coolest thing. Every single thing that you've done up until this point is actually building experience. Experience that you can build on. And so you're not too late. In fact, if you look at the life expectancy of 77, you're like got 37 more years. Do you know how much you can get done in 37 years? And here's the thing I want you to really think about. If you're going to hold yourself to a standard that by the age of 40, you should have things figured out. That means that you can kind of figure things out over the next couple decades, okay? You got plenty of time. And beating yourself up and telling yourself that you're lost and telling yourself that you've screwed up, do you know what that does? doesn't motivate you. It actually makes you depressed. It makes you feel like a loser. And you're not a loser. You just have a winding path. You are probably just stubborn like I am. And you learn lessons the hard way. You explored a lot and now you know a lot. And so you cannot afford to tell yourself this stupid lie that it's too late, that you're behind, that you screwed it up, that you can't turn it around, because it's complete BS. If I can do it, you can do it. And it's not just me. Do you know Vera Wang, the famous fashion designer, wedding designer, she started designing wedding dresses at the age of 40. Samuel L. Jackson landed that role in pulp fiction, 45. Julia Child. Do you know how old she was? Famous French chef Julia Child when she published her very first cookbook. 49. And here's the other thing that you have in your 40s. You have a network of people that you know. You have a number of experiences. You have a lot of lessons that you've learned. And now you know what you have in your 40s that you didn't have in your 30s. You have a sense of urgency. And you can use that to your advantage. Take everything that's happened in your career to this date and say, "You know what? I'm gonna figure this out in my decade. I'm gonna triple down and I'm gonna go for it." Your 40s aren't a finish line. Your 40s are the launch pad for the next decade of your life. That's what they are. It's where you can truly launch forward in your career. You can do something new. You can build on what you've learned, the mistakes that you've made. That's why the 40s are incredible. And by the way, the other reason why the 40s is really fun to do is because everybody around you is so distracted, typically raising kids or they're engaged in their career or they're doing other things that nobody cares what you're doing. So you can do anything that you want. And that is super cool. I mean, that's true about all the decades, but in the 40s in particular, you're going to notice people don't care as much, and you're not going to care as much either. Um, and here's another statistic that I want to give to you. Maybe things haven't worked out because you're supposed to do your own thing. Maybe your 40s is where you take that interest that you had or that side hustle or that thing you've always imagined doing and you actually launch your own thing. Do you know this is research from a study at MIT Sloan School of Business? The average age of a successful startup founder 45. Kind of cool, huh? You want to know why the average age is 45? because you have a certain amount of wisdom and a certain amount of failure and a certain amount of clarity after four decades of your life about who you are and what your strengths are and what you're interested in. And you're also sick of the BS. And so you can laser focus in on what you actually want to do. And for me, it was my 40s where I got tired of my own excuses and I forced myself to do it. And I think that's the invitation that your 40s have for you. If you don't like where you are, then stop listening to your excuses and use this decade to change your life. If you've been sitting around waiting for somebody else to come rescue you, stop gaslighting yourself and take responsibility for creating what you want. Because it was my 40s and that rock bottom moment that forced me to discover the strength that I have and the capacity that I have to do the things that needed to be done in order to change my life for the better. And regardless of whether you're successful or you're struggling like I was, you have that exact same ability. And your 40s are your invitation to get honest with yourself and get to

  Top Comments:
  1. @ProsperCI-f6i [11 likes]: 40's the launch pad
I definitely don't care much about what people think of me, now.
  2. @Brandon-tz5pn [6 likes]: Listening at 29 trying to get a head start
  3. @sctmcg [3 likes]: At 39 Ricky Gervais wrote the Office. His fame literally began at 40
  4. @grandmaonactive [3 likes]: I am 61 still fighting....🙏🏽
  5. @erict7093 [1 likes]: Thanks! I felt like crying listening to this! I'm 45 and losing in life! I have an opportunity that I know I can use to help make my life better but I keep feeling depressed about my wrong decisions I made in life due to low self-esteem. Not partying, no drugs, or alcohol. I didn't think I was smart or attractive enough for people to like me so I hid/stayed back from people and opportunities but, in public, I displayed myself as a very vibrant individual. I need help! Thank you for this!
  6. @sandydepoy9396 [1 likes]: Im 47 and at this point. I have no money and career carnage. Talk about depressing.
  7. @JohnyJediJr [1 likes]: Turning 40 and feeling like you have nothing is a rough state of mind
  8. @megrogan1 [1 likes]: It’s happened to me, and I’m in my 70s.
  9. @yasintahk9637 [1 likes]: Listening at 28.
  10. @d1u1mia: i feel its harder to start at later years. 😑
  11. @branstark3557: I’m 39 holding on to whatever savings I have working two dead and jobs paying rent and other bills, with a degree and experience from other jobs been struggling for years barely landing interviews anymore economy sucks and president I give up..
  12. @prottentogo: I'm 45 and I'm fully aware this content is targeted and biased af, but I'm gonna roll with it anyway. I need every bit of hope I can get my hands on.
  13. @michael___________jg: I have taught ESL in Asia for 20 years and I am moving back to my home state of California and I only have a BA in Int'l Studies and this all equals ZERO transferable skills. I have a kid about to start college. I have no idea what to do.
  14. @billywood9717: 44. 1 lung. No driver's license, no vehicle. No real career experience. Retail, retail sales, crew/team management, home or residential healthcare, and some general labor experience. My human anatomy was created to move forward, not backwards. My brain lies and my heart follows. All I can do is move forward, stack the days, and continue to build. Become better than who I was yesterday. Learn. Be intentional. Have faith. Take action. This is the recipe!!
  15. @scoopdg: She didn't say anything different from what everybody already knows though. 

Just clickbait.
  16. @ofspiritualmatters: Its spiritual warfare. https://youtu.be/_Qpq5_0i1jU?si=R5kvRbxZa_rEtmUU
  17. @ofspiritualmatters: https://youtu.be/_Qpq5_0i1jU?si=R5kvRbxZa_rEtmUU
  18. @danni9867: For a smart woman I've made some of the stupidest mistakes.
  19. @Soutudeen: Thank you for this video
  20. @PatrickMcCarty-o5z: I worked so hard in my 20s and saved so much over the years, but then my dad, cousin, and best friend died. I got into gambling and lost everything to gambling addiction and at 30 years old I had zero savings

- Moving on - a short film about restorative justice: Kind: captions Language: en A single act of crime can affect someone long after it happens. The mind replays it endlessly warping what really happened and consuming our thoughts. No one can undo what happened but there is a simple process which eighty-five percent of victims of crime said helped. Restorative justice is a process through which victims can meet their offender. It allows them to ask questions, have their say, and move on with their lives. Help us spread the word about restorative justice. You never know who it may help in the future. Restorative justice works - share this film and help us spread the word

  Top Comments:
  1. @heatherwalker3926 [24 likes]: Many years ago, I participated in a Restorative Justice Circle here in Ontario facing and forgiving the man who  sexually molested my youngest son. It was a profound experience being able to tell the man the impact of those perverted moments in time when our lives changed forever. As a Christian, it was my deepest struggle to forgive the unforgivable and yet the prisoner set free by this experience was me.  I felt a heavy burden slip from my shoulders that day.
  2. @bigchungus4695 [9 likes]: It is bad and I dislike it
  3. @Ashmarpe [8 likes]: Glad this was created but it’s highly unrealistic she would still be on the floor by the the time the police would be there
Especially with the unreliable and sometimes lazy police response time in the uk lol
  4. @tilou_martin [6 likes]: Pure science-fiction
  5. @Pay4444AYypIgEDLbwfZm4kjaQk [4 likes]: nobody would want to sit by someone who just broke there car or beat them up they would probably not listen and beat each other up
  6. @DeRocco21 [3 likes]: This type of burglary is done for thrill seeking and escalates not because he is out to feed his family if the suspect really is sorry he'll accept his prison sentence too.
  7. @saristaa1 [3 likes]: What if in a restorative justice session, the victim tells the perpetrator that she/he wants them to receive the death penalty? 
Sample: 
Perpetrator "I'm so sorry I killed your family member. How can I redeem myself of this crime? I will do anything."
Victim: "Please hold still, while I shoot your head off your shoulders. That would make everything right." :)
  8. @lalienislam6507 [3 likes]: Nice attempt .
  9. @MikeKabaWike [2 likes]: Restorative justice has been found by MANY recent studies to basically be nonsense.
  10. @yolkthejoker8456 [2 likes]: What I wanna know is why he had his hood down whilst robbing her... Idiot.
  11. @TheFacelessMemer [1 likes]: She not smart
  12. @AscendedAnime0 [1 likes]: Bro this is my homework
  13. @robnewman6101 [1 likes]: 21st Century's Emergency Services. Police & Constabulary.
  14. @ryanchangminzhe7435: It wouldn't be effective because there i a possibility that the offender may never be caught or be willing enough to talk or attend the talki
  15. @mystroceo: This is literally the dumbest thing I have ever seen or heard of. So if someone killed a loved one or family member of mines, I'm suppose to sit there and listen to why they did it? Who tf comes up with this crap? Do these people know that some people get off on hurting others? Thats like putting a rap-ist in the same room with the victim? That in itself is traumatizing. I don't care about the why. Our education system has completely brainwashed the youth. 90% of these people can't even forgive their own fathers for not being in their lives. How about we see Restorative justice used on Child Support. Bet they can't even do that.. Lets see how many of these students who come up with this crap are forgiving of their fathers not being apart of their lives. We truly living in the last days.
  16. @frankiethedj100: That white dude is a great actor
  17. @HazelAsoy: This is such a short yet powerful video. Hope you'll allow me to use this clip in my report. Thank you so much!
  18. @bigchungus4695: Your mum gay
  19. @rustcohle3803: uhhhhh what if it was a rapist? ....... yeah fucking nope. unless they tell me restorative justice doesn't apply to rapists and pedophiles then this shit can suck it.
  20. @Moyetito: Is there any chance I can download this video and add captions in Spanish? Thank you very much.

- The Secret of Starting Over | Edward Hartwig | TEDxAmRingSalon: Kind: captions Language: en Last week, I decided to leave my job. It happened rather unexpectedly, to be honest, and late at night. And at the time, my wife wasn't home, and so when she did get home, she came to the door and she said, "How was your day?" And I said, "I left my job." And she said, "Really?" And I I have to explain the situation because there's two things you need to know. One, my wife is extremely gullible. And over the years, I may have taken advantage of that for my own personal amusement here and there. And two, I was smiling the entire time I said it. So, I don't think that she believed a word of what I was saying. So, for about 3 minutes, it went like this, "Really?" "Yes." "Really?" "Yes." "Really?" "Yes." Until it finally sunk in that I wasn't kidding. The next day, I was having lunch with a friend. I hadn't seen him in a long time. And we were kind of catching up, and so I told him the story. But I added, "You know, this morning when I woke up, I thought I would have regrets. I made the decision almost instantaneously. But I didn't. I felt great. Never felt this good in my life." Now, to be honest, this isn't the first time that this has happened. Over the last 20 years, the time which I've been working, I've started over a few times. I've been a plumber and a carpenter. I've been a bike mechanic and a salesperson. I've been a researcher and an editor. I've been an investigator. I've been a trial attorney. I've done crisis management. I have planned logistics for events like this, although not as well. Uh I have been a diplomat for my country. And so, during that time, I've also moved a few times. In fact, I've lived in eight US states, touching all four borders, and a couple in And I've seen almost every single one of them, except Alaska, unfortunately. In the last decade alone, I've moved three times to three different continents. And I learned three different languages just so that I could do that. It hasn't been as crazy as it sounds. There's always been a reason why, and that's, for lack of a better explanation, that I'm really flawed. I have lots of things that I need to get better at. And so, when I do get it presented with an opportunity to try something I haven't done before or correct something I've done wrong, I do my best to take on that challenge. So, for years, we've been moving around, fixing all my flaws. I was a terrible student. So, I moved from my hometown, where there's a Big 10 university and class sizes of 200, to a small little town in Iowa so that I would be under the watchful gaze of only 10 people in a class and forced to do my work. I was still a terrible student, but I learned a lot more than I would have otherwise. From there, I would go on to work four or five jobs, vicariously hustling and getting by, until I realized I needed a sense of purpose in my life. I didn't know what to do, so I went to law school. And there, I learned to seek out people to serve. And for a few years, I was a public defender, working in Louisiana, California, Wisconsin, and eventually in Boston, Massachusetts, where I settled down for what had to be the longest time we'd spent anywhere in a long time, 18 whole months. I loved my work as a public defender. And I really learned very quickly that doing something that was more important than myself was a true part of who I was. But when the State Department came and offered me a job, I knew I would have to accept. Not only was I a bad student, I was a terrible language student. I also had never been abroad, not meaningfully. I'd traveled to different places and I'd been to different seen different things, but I'd never lived abroad. I'd never immersed myself in a foreign culture. And so, I knew that I would take the job, and we did. We moved to uh Washington, D.C. From Washington, D.C., we would move to Santo Domingo in the Dominican Republic, later to Ethiopia, and then on to Austria. To explain how I've taken on these challenges and learned things through work and reinventing myself, it's probably best if I tell you a few short stories. I thought I loved service. I thought I was a service-oriented person, but I didn't really realize the extent of that until October of 2010. At the time, my wife and my daughter and I were living in Ethiopia, and I was sick. I was very sick. In fact, I'd been sick for so long that my wife eventually forced me to go to the doctor and get a second opinion. And I did, and I got the blood test. They did all that. And they said, "We'll call you tomorrow." Which was a lie, because I hadn't made it back to the car in the parking lot before they called me and told me that I would have to fly out of Ethiopia and seek medical treatment someplace else. 12 hours later, I was on a plane to Pretoria. In that 12-hour period, I did everything I was supposed to do. I called my parents. I told them what was going on. I played with my little daughter, Ella, as much as I could. And I told my wife everything was going to be fine. And for her part, she put on a good show and agreed. But once I got to that seat on that airplane, that airplane and that seat were the worst moment of my life. I sat down, put on my belt, strapped in, and there I was. It wasn't a nice, new, shiny airplane. It was one of these old airplanes with the carpeting that came halfway up the wall, the thick cushions that were musty and slightly greasy with the hair oil of all the people that had sat in that seat before me. It was horrible. I couldn't move. And when I couldn't move, I couldn't do the robotic things that had kept me going. And so, I started to think. I started to think, "Why am I going to Pretoria? Why not London, Paris, Frankfurt, Vienna?" Well, I said, "Oh, that's easy. Those flights leave 5 to 10 hours later in the day in Ethiopia." And then I realized that that 5 to 10 hours represented the biggest difference between whether I was probably going to live or probably going to die. Then I started to think about my family, my wife, my daughter. Would I ever see them again? My wife was 6 months pregnant. Would I ever meet my unborn child? Would I ever know whether she was a boy or a girl? And then, I completely broke down. The stewardess woke me up by shaking me. I'd arrived in Pretoria, and I was looking around. And of course, you know, when they shake you and wake you up, they say, "Are you okay?" And robotically, I said, "Sure, I'm fine." Which was a complete lie. And I looked around the airplane, and I was the only one there. Everyone else had gotten up, gotten off. But the second I undid that belt and stood up out of that chair, I went back about doing all those robotic things that were getting me by. I would have, in the end, a 40° C fever for 17 straight days with medication to control it. My liver had failed, which had caused my kidney to fail, which had caused me severe dehydration, so severe that the dehydration was actually the problem and not the multiple organ failure. In addition, a few opportunistic infections had planted themselves, one of them deep in my lungs. The first thing they did at the hospital was put me in an IV drip. And I was on that drip for 6 days with no other treatment. 100 ml an hour. It was the slowest IV drip in history. 10 hours for one bag. Drip. I got so frustrated and angry that I actually grabbed a doctor at one point, and I said, "What's the problem? If I'm so dehydrated, just turn up the volume. Get this thing moving. Let's do 500 ml an hour. Let's do 1,000." And he grabbed my hand, and he pushed me back down to the bed. And he dropped the Afrikaans that he had been using, and he said quietly in English, "I'm afraid if I do that, your heart might explode. I would spend 2 weeks in that hospital and a week in South Africa recovering. It would be 3 months before I got a diagnosis and another month after that before my liver would be healthy enough to process the cheap and easy drugs that it took to kill the typhus that had infected me. Now, remember, up till this point I have quit a dozen jobs at least. Right? And none of those had ever tried to kill me. But I didn't quit. And it was through this experience that I realized that I actually believed that representing my country and the work that I was doing was worth dying for. how do we make these decisions to start over? For me it's about challenging myself and learning more about who I am. Over years I've developed a hierarchy of what I'm willing to do and what I'm not. Moving, easy. I'll move anywhere for a job. Rank title influence these things also mean very little to Purpose service that's extremely important as you might imagine. But I draw the line at family. The one consistent thing in my life for the last two decades has been my wife. She was there with me in high school. When I was a punk kid she was, too. She made me care about education when all I wanted to do was coast. She supported me as a public defender even though I didn't make any money and she didn't always support the outcomes of what I did. She was there in Ethiopia and for every other move. She took me to that doctor and more importantly she kept it together long enough to get me on that plane. a week ago when I was presented with this problem at work. It was my own fault. I had made a mistake. I had taken a gamble. I thought I had it under control. And the consequences weren't that bad. I was given the option move leave your wife cuz my wife has a job that she cannot leave for just a year or leave. And I left. Because that's the deal. It's not written down. It's not said. It's experienced together in life. Change, no matter what anybody tells you is never easy. No matter how many times you move no matter how many times you start a new job, it sucks. Learning a new culture, learning a new language, fitting in, making friends, trusting people, being trusted learning new skills starting over is hard. And it doesn't get any better no matter how many times you do it. What does get better is the decision to start over. Deciding, making that choice and moving on and being comfortable with it for me has been a product of all those years of testing the limits and knowing what I'm willing to do and what I'm not. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ahmed_pasha1: Goood ❤❤❤
  2. @SMD24: Title wise and for me in a situation, well truth be told is pretty much not letting anybody get close to me because what happens is that trauma takes place over and over again. I will say the only way if life could work out is utilizing the swot analysis of me and learning what could occur based on strengths, dark weaknesses, and mostly importantly the opportunity to sell I guess, study, and learn pretty especially within a learning curve and based on basic relationships in the past and the one without consent as well
  3. @nelsonoghenekaroomoyibo270: I am the wife's hair vendor, and I can confirm she is extremely gullible.😀
  4. @MzansiCritique: the fact that this guy sat down wrote his script for ated talk and thee first thing he says is my wife=gulible? ted needs to evluate who they let up here
  5. @alexi077: Starting over as a lawyer that sits on a big bank Account, yeah sounds  very Motivating to somebody who can barely move since half a year, has had major depressions because of that and the bank account is drying up. Thanks for nothing
  6. @earlgrey2130: This man is just bragging..
  7. @randymck8218: ❤Oracas❤
  8. @floragreen6399: at this point the question is rather what is he running from ?
  9. @CatpeopleWORLD: i'm 36 been stuck here in the US california for 2 years doing nothing. now i got all my papers done and approved now i'm ready to start my life.
  10. @Bodmonpicasso4702: Watching from South Africa Pretoria (PTA🇿🇦
  11. @noteven3085: STOP SMACKING FFS
  12. @talietalie3949: So much in a short period..... hard to believe
  13. @billben_1: I'm starting over at 34 for maybe 20 times.
  14. @johnfrancisdennis4414: I’m not gonna lie that was respectfully the worst TED talk I have ever heard it felt like it had no substance. He first talked about how selfish she is and how he’s learning about himself and how he makes his family move around for himself then he tells us he got really sick from doing that and got scared not meeting his child. Then he talked about how he loves his wife and has been with over 20 yearsat the end real quick then he’s like yeah starting over gets easier that was horrible.
  15. @SafiahZahidi: کاش زیر نویس اش بود
  16. @emmanueladeyemi2816: Am currently 21. Will be 22 in a few months.  Since I was 15. I have been living a miserable life.  Filled with addiction, low self esteem, procrastination, laziness and a who lot of things I don't like in my life.  


I feel like I have a lot of flaws and I make a lot of mistakes too regularly.  I have tried several times to start over but I keep falling back in.. my bad habits, my laziness and procrastination loops. My perpetual routine of making mistakes..

I'm tired of starting over. And falling back . What can I do?.. pls help.
  17. @anamarisa44: So he never did anything for himself and he's got a wife who is able to afford his leaving his job. I don't see the leap of faith there 😮.
  18. @lucky1965: Moral of the story drink lots of water :
Dude makes 0 sense
  19. @awkccyla: his smacking is killing me
  20. @JustinJohn-j4r: I cant really listen because he talks like he's trying not to wake someone up.

- The Unstoppable Power of Letting Go | Jill Sherer Murray | TEDxWilmingtonWomen: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Phuong Cao Reviewer: Peter van de Ven Letting go can make you unstoppable. I know because I let go of a relationship and reclaimed my life. And I know that letting go can create the best of change for each and everyone of you. Let me tell you a story. When I was 41, the death of a relationship showed me how to truly let go of what wasn't working. See, up until that time, I didn't really think about the future. I kind of lived my life like a dog - moment to moment. I chased balls, I ate whatever I could find on the ground. (Laughter) And life was good. I had a great job, great friends, a great apartment, a great actual dog, and a great boyfriend. Well, sort of. See, Hector didn't have any skin in the game, and I felt that. He danced around the very idea of marriage, and after 12 years, we didn't even live together. Still, he gave me hope. Well, sometimes. More like living in a situation that had no hope just felt normal. Don't get me wrong. I stayed because Hector was a good looking, smart, reliable, and sensitive guy who cared, and while our relationship wasn't perfect, it worked in theory. Until a wake-up call from a friend changed everything. So my realtor friend called to tell me about a condo coming up for sale in my Chicago neighborhood. She knew that I was looking for Hector to commit and thought, ''Well, maybe this could inspire a little forward motion.'' Still, my first inclination was to say, "We're not ready. Not yet." Haha, "Not yet." That was Hector's favorite catchphrase. I would say, ''I want to get married.'' He'd say, ''Not yet.'' I'd say, ''Let's live together.'' "Not yet." ''Not yet'' was a hair I couldn't get out of my eye and a bad song I couldn't get out of my head. So you could imagine my surprise when he said "Sure'' to meeting me at the condo at noon. Now, I arrived early and eager. But Hector? Haha, well that was another story. 12:15 came. 12:30. 12:45. 1:00 pm. No Hector. Eventually, he called, something had come up. So we agreed to reconvene at three, but Hector was a no-show again. It was in that moment that I decided, after 12 years, it was time to let go. See, I had to let go of Hector and of the idea of marrying him or anybody because at 41, my options were scary. I could either stay with a man who couldn't commit, but was great on all the holidays and birthdays, or I could break up with him and be alone. Not that letting go of a good man I truly loved was easy. No, no. I had to survive the consequences of my epiphany, and that's when the pain stage kicked in. "You and Hector won't be together forever. You won't be his person. In fact, he'll probably meet somebody else fast, marry her, and she'll be his person. And then you're going to have to live with the fact that you made a mistake." I ugly cried, ate a lot of pizza, listened to a lot of Joni Mitchell. And then, when I couldn't rub my eyes anymore without hitting bone or imagine Hector in a wedding photo with another woman, probably in a size-6 dress, I brushed myself off. See, I let go of the fear that I would grow old and die alone, that my friends would use me as a cautionary tale, that it was too late for me. No, no. In that moment, I had to finally admit what I really wanted, which was more. You see, Hector not showing up, that was a gift, and that it gave me freedom because let's face it, I'd been chasing that ball for 12 years. No, no. It was time to move on, even if I risked rejection. So I made a plan, one that got clearer with every step. Of course, Hector had an excuse for his no-show. But by then, it didn't matter. I told him it was over. I quit my job, I hugged my friends, I sold my beautiful condo in the same neighborhood that delivered me that life-changing epiphany. I let go of everything to start a whole new life in New Hope, Pennsylvania. To which he said, ''Don't go, we'll get married.'' To which I said, ''You had twelve years.'' To which he said, ''I'll come visit.'' To which I said, ''Not yet.'' Was it hard? Ha ha, you bet. Was it worth it? Within a year of leaving, I met my husband Dan online. I knew when he showed up for our first date, in the most wrinkled shirt I have ever seen, with a rain hat to keep me dry walking from the restaurant to the car, that this was my guy. You see, umbrellas were for people who wanted distance. Too heavy a wind, you know, turned them inside out, and even the best of them only lasted so long. But a rain hat, you know, the kind with a string, and you tie it under your chin, Now, that's personal. And after four dates, it turned to love. Finally, I understood why I had to wait so long. Dan was handsome and wise and soulful and kind, and he made me feel like I could do and be anything. We could. And we got married a year later. (Sigh) When I turned 50, Hector died of cancer. And as you can imagine, I grieved for a very long time. But his death reaffirmed for me the promise I made to myself when I was 41: that I would never take time for granted again. Instead, I would use it to let go, to create space for the things I really wanted and for what mattered most. Here are five ways to let go I know work because I still use them every single day. One. Let go of taking things personally. I spent a lot of time wondering why Hector didn't love me enough to marry me until I realized that his inability to commit had less to do with me and more to do with his duty to his family. Now, I'm not saying that was not a hard pill to swallow, but there was a lot of peace in knowing that it was his issue and not some defect in me. If people aren't giving you what you want, or if they're just behaving badly, most times, that's their problem, not yours. Two. Let go of what other people think. So after my husband and I dated for a couple of months, I took him home to meet my parents. ''He's very good-looking,'' my mother said. ''You know, Ted Bundy is very good looking.'' Now, I could've let this influence my actions, could have let my imagination run wild with thoughts of my new beau stabbing me while I slept. But instead, I just chalked it up to my mother. There is a rule in business that states: Whenever you are putting something out there, 10% of people will hate it, 80% will be indifferent, and 10% will be your raving fans. And raving fans are awesome, but if somebody's not a raving fan, let that be okay too. Three. Let go of trying to be something you're not. Now, I have this crazy big personality that I actually call "the Big." Some people really like the Big. Some people are fascinated by it, kind of the way they are fascinated by jugglers. And others just run away. But it’s who I am. I have tried to turn down the current on the Big, but hard as I try, there it is. There are some things we just can't change about ourselves, and that's a good thing. Four. Let go of the need to be perfect. Many years ago, I wrote a column for Shape Magazine, and I got a lot of mail from readers, including a very sad letter from this teenage girl asking for my advice on how to improve herself after her absolutely horrid boyfriend had her strip down so he could critique her body. This is a true story. I said, ''Dump him immediately, and never let anybody make you feel bad about yourself again." But we all know that feeling the need for perfection is not just about our weight. It's also about keeping the house clean and the dogs groomed and the kids healthy and the bosses happy and all the balls in the air. It's even about keeping our youth intact. And yet, who wants to be friends with someone who's perfect? Think about that. And lastly, five - my favorite! Let go of ''Not yet.'' You know, when I left Chicago, my life was pretty good, it just wasn't good enough. If there is something you want to do, make a plan and act, but don't wait. I still grieve for Hector, you know, it just comes in waves now. But it’s the phone call I can't make that reminds me to make every day count. And I encourage you all to do the same. Whatever that is, I say, ''Let go for it.'' Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @PensiveJourney [1 likes]: 7:22 Let go taking things personally
7:58 let go of what other ppl think
8:57 let go of trying to be something you are not
9:42 let go of the need to be perfect
10:45 let go of not yet. Don't wait!! Do it now!
  2. @DeEbra: This made me laugh and cry🥺❤
  3. @MDABarluzzi: habibi i don't even remember meeting you. Who are you?
  4. @CDinger: She stayed 12 years too long because she was in a status ship.
  5. @ranlco9680: This helped me a lot! Thank you ! ❤
  6. @malinastwhdbavsj: I let go my relationship not knowing that it would bring a hateful stalker to my life. Im traumatized after being a victim of my ex turning to a hateful abuser after i left. I would heal and be happy again the second he would let go the harrasing and stalking actions. Instead he harrass stalk and hack me almost a year after i left him. i have no privacy, constant fesr, anxiety, depression. I would love to stay alone forever and just have my social needs met by connections with friends, but im isolated becoce ke cant let go and forget me leavibg me in peace
  7. @alexsalinas-s3n: Agendas and unreasonable expectations.
  8. @mimilandia226: ❤️💯!!
  9. @gayatrichaudhary5029: Wow❤
  10. @flyhigh1005: Before half an hour I went through horrible breakup of my life where I feel like I lost every pinch of my self respect and this came up at this point I feel I am at my rock bottom of my life no job family trauma marragie pressure big life dreams and many more he blamed every thing on me at last and he left I feel like everything was ended right now
  11. @PuneetJindal-x5w: Ok
  12. @rockyourdreamwithDRTR: Your mind and your actions can completely shift things for you. Simple words like Goodbye can cause a growth spurt for you!
Can you make a decision to change your language for personal growth even after loss?
  13. @Tchigweder: Please how can I let go when the man is dating my Best friend whom I share the same house with and I have to hear them laughing together, spending nights together while I watch 😢
  14. @MathEd-k3b: I really enjoyed this! I am BIG, too!
  15. @anastasiasibova8616: Very interesting TED talk, the presentation manner of speaking was a bit confusing, though😢
  16. @stellaalbarez3133: Raving fan here!
  17. @josephortiz7094: Man I’m tired of holding on I can’t deal with this cheat ahh bih
  18. @davidfamilydoctor9430: This is all the drama and comedy i need. Letting go of Hollywood social engineering.
  19. @LS_LAM32121: Crying and watching along with this mass laugh made my day 😅
  20. @CHADtzz: Hi, so i have a question please help me (i hv been crying everyone for more than a yr now)
So 3 months ago i fought with my best friend like she is my besesstttt friend i hv ever had we were the best ones. So it was my mistake i pushed her too far about smtg when she said she needed space. I even visited her home but she left saying if im there she won't be. Then she came back n said ok fine. Since then she haven't unblocked me yet nor she wbnts to talk to me. I realized my mistake a month ago and i hv been apologising everyday. And she doesn't care she does not even wants to hear wt i hv to say. I am just sorry to her and i wanna be just friends ntg more not even best frinds. She clearly said thag she dont want me. 

I am really sorry thag our friendship is ruined cause of me. I feel guilty. Unless she forgives me i cant forgive myself. I hv been begging for forgiveness but she doesn't care she's moved on. What should i do?

- We don't "move on" from grief. We move forward with it | Nora McInerny | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So, 2014 was a big year for me. Do you ever have that, just like a big year, like a banner year? For me, it went like this: October 3, I lost my second pregnancy. And then October 8, my dad died of cancer. And then on November 25, my husband Aaron died after three years with stage-four glioblastoma, which is just a fancy word for brain cancer. So, I'm fun. (Laughter) People love to invite me out all the time. Packed social life. Usually, when I talk about this period of my life, the reaction I get is essentially: (Sighs) "I can't -- I can't imagine." But I do think you can. I think you can. And I think that you should because, someday, it's going to happen to you. Maybe not these specific losses in this specific order or at this speed, but like I said, I'm very fun and the research that I have seen will stun you: everyone you love has a 100 percent chance of dying. And that's why you came to TED. (Applause) So, since all of this loss happened, I've made it a career to talk about death and loss, not just my own, because it's pretty easy to recap, but the losses and tragedies that other people have experienced. It's a niche, I have to say. It's a small niche, and I wish I made more money, but ... I've written some very uplifting books, host a very uplifting podcast, I started a little nonprofit. I'm just trying to do what I can to make more people comfortable with the uncomfortable, and grief is so uncomfortable. It's so uncomfortable, especially if it's someone else's grief. So part of that work is this group that I started with my friend Moe, who is also a widow; we call it the Hot Young Widows Club. And it's real, we have membership cards and T-shirts. And when your person dies, your husband, wife, girlfriend, boyfriend, literally don't care if you were married, your friends and your family are just going to look around through friends of friends of friends of friends until they find someone who's gone through something similar, and then they'll push you towards each other so you can talk amongst yourselves and not get your sad on other people. So that's what we do. It's just a series of small groups, where men, women, gay, straight, married, partnered, can talk about their dead person, and say the things that the other people in their lives aren't ready or willing to hear yet. Huge range of conversations. Like, "My husband died two weeks ago, I can't stop thinking about sex, is that normal?" Yeah. "What if it's one of the Property Brothers?" Less normal, but I'll accept it. Things like, "Look, when I'm out in public and I see old people holding hands, couples who have clearly been together for decades, and then I look at them and I imagine all of the things they've been through together, the good things, the bad things, the arguments they've had over who should take out the trash ... I just find my heart filled with rage." And that example is personal to me. Most of the conversations that we have in the group can and will just stay amongst ourselves, but there are things that we talk about that the rest of the world -- the world that is grief-adjacent but not yet grief-stricken -- could really benefit from hearing. And if you can't tell, I'm only interested in / capable of unscientific studies, so what I did was go to The Hot Young Widows Club and say, "Hello, friends, remember when your person died?" They did. "Do you remember all the things people said to you?" "Oh, yeah." "Which ones did you hate the most?" I got a lot of comments, lot of answers, people say a lot of things, but two rose to the top pretty quickly. "Moving on." Now, since 2014, I will tell you I have remarried a very handsome man named Matthew, we have four children in our blended family, we live in the suburbs of Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA. We have a rescue dog. I drive a minivan, like the kind where doors open and I don't even touch them. Like, by any "mezhure," life is good. I've also never said "mezhure," I've never once said it that way. I don't know where that came from. I've never heard anyone else say it that way. It looks like it should be said that way, and that's why the English language is trash, so ... So impressed with anyone who, like, speaks it in addition to a language that makes sense -- good job. But by any measure ... By any measure, life is really, really good, but I haven't "moved on." I haven't moved on, and I hate that phrase so much, and I understand why other people do. Because what it says is that Aaron's life and death and love are just moments that I can leave behind me -- and that I probably should. And when I talk about Aaron, I slip so easily into the present tense, and I've always thought that made me weird. And then I noticed that everybody does it. And it's not because we are in denial or because we're forgetful, it's because the people we love, who we've lost, are still so present for us. So, when I say, "Oh, Aaron is ..." It's because Aaron still is. And it's not in the way that he was before, which was much better, and it's not in the way that churchy people try to tell me that he would be. It's just that he's indelible, and so he is present for me. Here, he's present for me in the work that I do, in the child that we had together, in these three other children I'm raising, who never met him, who share none of his DNA, but who are only in my life because I had Aaron and because I lost Aaron. He's present in my marriage to Matthew, because Aaron's life and love and death made me the person that Matthew wanted to marry. So I've not moved on from Aaron, I've moved forward with him. We spread Aaron's ashes in his favorite river in Minnesota, and when the bag was empty -- because when you're cremated, you fit into a plastic bag -- there were still ashes stuck to my fingers. And I could have just put my hands in the water and rinsed them, but instead, I licked my hands clean, because I was so afraid of losing more than I had already lost, and I was so desperate to make sure that he would always be a part of me. But of course he would be. Because when you watch your person fill himself with poison for three years, just so he can stay alive a little bit longer with you, that stays with you. When you watch him fade from the healthy person he was the night you met to nothing, that stays with you. When you watch your son, who isn't even two years old yet, walk up to his father's bed on the last day of his life, like he knows what's coming in a few hours, and say, "I love you. All done. Bye, bye." That stays with you. Just like when you fall in love, finally, like really fall in love with someone who gets you and sees you and you even see, "Oh, my God, I've been wrong this entire time. Love is not a contest or a reality show -- it's so quiet, it's this invisible thread of calm that connects the two of us even when everything is chaos, when things are falling apart, even when he's gone." We used to do this thing -- because my hands are always freezing and he's so warm, where I would take my ice-cold hands and shove them up his shirt ... press them against his hot bod. And he hated it so much, but he loved me, and after he died, I laid in bed with Aaron and I put my hands underneath him and I felt his warmth. And I can't even tell you if my hands were cold, but I can tell you that I knew it was the last time I would ever do that. And that that memory is always going to be sad. That memory will always hurt. Even when I'm 600 years old and I'm just a hologram. Just like the memory of meeting him is always going to make me laugh. Grief doesn't happen in this vacuum, it happens alongside of and mixed in with all of these other emotions. So, I met Matthew, my current husband -- who doesn't love that title, but it's so accurate. I met Matthew, and ... there was this audible sigh of relief among the people who love me, like, "It's over! She did it. She got a happy ending, we can all go home. And we did good." And that narrative is so appealing even to me, and I thought maybe I had gotten that, too, but I didn't. I got another chapter. And it's such a good chapter -- I love you, honey -- it's such a good chapter. But especially at the beginning, it was like an alternate universe, or one of those old "choose your own adventure" books from the '80s where there are two parallel plot lines. So I opened my heart to Matthew, and my brain was like, "Would you like to think about Aaron? Like, the past, the present, future, just get in there," and I did. And all of a sudden, those two plots were unfurling at once, and falling in love with Matthew really helped me realize the enormity of what I lost when Aaron died. And just as importantly, it helped me realize that my love for Aaron and my grief for Aaron, and my love for Matthew, are not opposing forces. They are just strands to the same thread. They're the same stuff. I'm ... what would my parents say? I'm not special. They had four kids, they were like ... frankly. But I'm not, I'm not special. I know that, I'm fully aware that all day, every day, all around the world, terrible things are happening. All the time. Like I said, fun person. But terrible things are happening, people are experiencing deeply formative and traumatic losses every day. And as part of my job, this weird podcast that I have, I sometimes talk to people about the worst thing that's ever happened to them. And sometimes, that's the loss of someone they love, sometimes days ago or weeks ago, years ago, even decades ago. And these people that I interview, they haven't closed themselves around this loss and made it the center of their lives. They've lived, their worlds have kept spinning. But they're talking to me, a total stranger, about the person they love who has died, because these are the experiences that mark us and make us just as much as the joyful ones. And just as permanently. Long after you get your last sympathy card or your last hot dish. Like, we don't look at the people around us experiencing life's joys and wonders and tell them to "move on," do we? We don't send a card that's like, "Congratulations on your beautiful baby," and then, five years later, think like, "Another birthday party? Get over it." Yeah, we get it, he's five. Wow. But grief is kind of one of those things, like, falling in love or having a baby or watching "The Wire" on HBO, where you don't get it until you get it, until you do it. And once you do it, once it's your love or your baby, once it's your grief and your front row at the funeral, you get it. You understand what you're experiencing is not a moment in time, it's not a bone that will reset, but that you've been touched by something chronic. Something incurable. It's not fatal, but sometimes grief feels like it could be. And if we can't prevent it in one another, what can we do? What can we do other than try to remind one another that some things can't be fixed, and not all wounds are meant to heal? We need each other to remember, to help each other remember, that grief is this multitasking emotion. That you can and will be sad, and happy; you'll be grieving, and able to love in the same year or week, the same breath. We need to remember that a grieving person is going to laugh again and smile again. If they're lucky, they'll even find love again. But yes, absolutely, they're going to move forward. But that doesn't mean that they've moved on. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheBlu_pumpkin [1 likes]: Sometimes… life is just a bunch of frame perfects…. But you have to verify it…..
  2. @blackeneddarkangel: The single best ted talk ever. I'll share this video for the rest of my life.
  3. @jane77722: Even though she thinks she isn't special, I think she is.  I do believe that healing will be complete someday, but it will have to wait for heaven.
  4. @kutsbykoko4274: I lost my ex boyfriend April 10 we just broke up in January so everything was still fresh his family didn’t tell me I found out when i goggle his name I was sick to 2 days remembering the times we had together over the last 3 years I’m happy to be with him and love him in his last years RIP Marz
  5. @AniVan22: The people we lose never leave us.Every night when I dream,I go to my other life where my loved ones are still alive.
  6. @mimilandia226: We move forward with it, 💯❤️...
  7. @TheStoryDancerASMR: Thank you ….I feel finally understood from the loss of My Love My Mike.
  8. @SteveInTheOC: “Honor your grief for it is sacred, it is a testament to the depth of your heart, and in time you will find healing not because you have forgotten but because you have learned how to carry both love and loss together” Jim Carrey
  9. @gigisamanjo: I've watched this video so many times throughout the years and have helped me with my own grief. I am reading Cupid is calling and remembered this video, had to come and watch again
  10. @junewinehouse: i dyed my hair red after i lost my grandmother. ive been thinking about doing it the past few years but never really had the guts to commit. im not sure what urged me to finally do it, but now that i have, i had this thought that if she were around to see my hair, she wouldve touched it so softly and smiled at me saying it looks pretty. she would've asked me where i got it and to take her there as well. she would've loved it.
  11. @mindilandon2679: One of the best talks ever❤
  12. @KarenBussen-u7v: "Moving forward with grief" instead of "moving on from grief." I use this exact reframe with every client I work with. It changes everything. People stop feeling guilty for still hurting, and start giving themselves permission to carry their person with them. This talk should be required viewing.
  13. @TeddyRumble: I wanted to go first.

I know she would have handled this better than me.
  14. @arricammarques1955: With grief we become the walking wounded.
  15. @tbrill2: “You don’t get it until you GET it” 👏🏼
  16. @MagicFlames-x1d: Healing is a journey
  17. @JeffreySteuer-cx4tl: My girlfriend had the lucky memory to watch me die and come back to life twice after having an epileptic seizure. One driving my van and the other sleeping.
  18. @HuwPiggin: know data set all ekse legalese instincts
  19. @HuwPiggin: i remind u my soul is all knowing we did censuses our diffuculty has only increased
  20. @HuwPiggin: put simply my opinion what u lot call ciivikised is descivilised what i calk civilised is what i u call noncivilised, my kin and me are what i calk civilised and u call noncivilised if there is a proble for one of us there is a problem against all of us, the question is how long until cascade failure, the watchers sickness in us which made my kin vampires was never treated, the monarchs kicked us out of parliment and since then the systems of the planet have been in cascade failure everytime something new brakes it gets impaired/legaklese imaired but unless my kind have lineage or are mass produced and prvided churchway weve been in gradual cascade failure for over 20,000 years, usually we handle the stuff thats anti-imagined heirarchy and the rest of the omniarchy handles patriarchy matriarchy occassionaky pitches in for its own agenda but the three of u suffocate us, weve been trying fir indepedece nonstop since beibng kicked out of politics over 20,000 years ago, u lot think u can handle planet aside for living of gen, rather than died all my kin unanimous vote deracinate us fromgenome 8if u dont want us we nfever wanted to be made this statement of we did nt want to be made is not depedent on godhood advantages of saying it put simply we wanted to have been soul aborted we dont want to be soul murdered unanimous vote

- His Epic Message Will Make You Want to Save the World | Short Film Showcase: Kind: captions Language: en fun fact planet Earth is 4.5 billion years old mankind about 140,000 years old let me put that in perspective if you condense the Earth's lifespan into 24 hours that's one full day than we have been here on this planet for drum roll please 3 seconds 3 seconds and look what we've done we have modestly named ourselves Homo sapiens meaning wise men man but is man really so wise smart yes and it's good to be smart but not too smart for your own good yes we have split the atom yes we build clever machines that navigate the universe in search of new homes but at the same time those atoms we split created nuclear warfare in our quest to explore the Galaxy Rejects and neglects the home that we have here now so no that cannot be wisdom wisdom is different while intelligence speaks wisdom listens and we willingly covered our ears to Mother Nature's screams and closed our eyes to all of her help wanted signs wisdom knows that every action has an equal and opposite reaction so if we were wise we would not be shocked when we see storms that are stronger than ever before or more drought hurricanes and Wildfire than ever before because there's more pollution than ever before more carbon more trees cut down than ever before at a record Pace we have increased the extinction of animals by 1,000 times the normal rate what a feat in the next 10 to 100 years every beloved animal character in every children's book is predicted to go extinct Lion's gone rhinos gone tiger gorilla elephant polar bear gone in 3 seconds species that have been here longer than us will be gone because of us in this 3 seconds in an existence shorter than a Vine video we turn the circle of life into our own personal conveyor belt somebody anybody help we were given so much the only planet in this solar system with life I mean we are one in a million no actually scientifically We Are One in a billion trillion trillion that's a one followed by 33 zeros and I don't want to get too spiritual but how are we not a miracle we are perfectly positioned to the Sun so we don't burn but not too distant so we don't turn to ice goldilock said it best we are just right this paradise where we are given medicine from trees not coincidentally but because the song says We Are Family literally everything every species is connected genetically from the sunflower to the Sunfish and this is what we must recognize before it's too late because the real crisis is not global warming environmental destruction or animal agriculture it is us these problems are symptoms of us byproducts of us are inner reflection loss of connection is created this misdirection we have forgotten that everything contributes to the Perfection of Mother Nature Corporation ations keep us unaware and disconnected but they have underestimated our strength contrary to popular belief millions are waking up out of their sleep seeing our home being taken right up under our feet we cannot allow our history to be written by the wicked greedy and Looney it is our duty to protect Mother Nature from those who refuse to see her beauty call me crazy but I believe we should have the right to eat food that's safe with ingredients we can pronounce drink water that is clean Marvel at trees breathe air free of toxins these are natural rights not things that can be bargained for in Congress see they want you to feel powerless but it has been said that something as small as the flutter of a butterflies Wing can cause a typhoon Halfway Around the World well when enough people come together we too will make waves and wash the world into a new era fill with love and connection freedom for all without oppression but it is up to you yes you watching this behind this screen to make the effort because time is of the essence and only together can we make it to the fourth second [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @astotski [1 likes]: Cold soldier 01 ')
  2. @starbreaker-r8y: Humans are the problems
  3. @EthanAndMarshall: Our teacher showed us this today in science, and I've never had a better speech about saving the Earth. The people who made this and the person talking, that really was motivational
  4. @Gracios.life-kq8qo: We got shown this is assembly today. ❤ I’m so glad. I literally got goosebumps. Happy earth day everyone!!!
  5. @lifeaswegrow: Showing this in class for Earth Day. Great job!
  6. @ChuckyHorrorSouthPark: Who got this for an assignment?
  7. @SulaimanZG: Thank you for making this video.🎉🎉
  8. @SulaimanZG: Thanks for your master piece.🎉🎉
  9. @Aubrie-i2s: It sound like a song
  10. @morganland47: Time is short and we’re so disconnected to nature that few of us even think how dire the situation is.
  11. @sabaadgeesood6553: Verandah Banana
  12. @sabaadgeesood6553: Adobe Adam
  13. @EarthSatelite1: His Epic Message # Earth Day
  14. @rand_om-guy: Watched it multiple times and it was still the best thing I've ever heard
  15. @metalmark8: This guy wrote a brilliant song years ago. I recognise his voice right away but cannot remember his name. Someone please help. Thanks 🫶
  16. @Maple-s9w: This aged too well
  17. @anirudhahedau4988: where are we after 9 years of this song?
  18. @Sorren-s5e: wow that was... just wow
  19. @williambeauchamp2372: I showed my mom this video years ago, my eyes are swelling up and I sniffed my way through "what did you think and i quote "its a good message but he is sitting on a leather chair, with a leather bag and leather shoes". I was stunned and confused!
  20. @jxp2629: 👍👍

- How to Start a $115K Per Month Moving Company (Case Study): Kind: captions Language: en hi there in today's business review i look at the finances and marketing strategy of the 115 000 per month moving company skinny wimp moving based out of phoenix arizona in this video i review the marketing strategy the moving company uses to find customers and best of all you can use this even if you don't have any experience in moving business or a marketing budget click on the link in the description below for everything i mentioned in this video including the database i used to find revenue numbers thousands of business just like skinny went moving let's do this if you're planning to start a moving business that takes people's furniture clothing personal items sticks them into a truck and then drives them from point a to point b i want to let you know this is probably a bigger business idea than you may have thought in fact the moving industry is valued at a staggering 18.4 billion annual revenue in the united states best of all there are tens of thousands of consumers out there who have had terrible experience working with moving companies in the past this creates an opportunity for you to enter the market and provide a differentiated and better service here's what skinny wimp moving has discovered every customer wants from a moving company take your notepad consumers want friendly clean-cut movers they don't want to feel like they're being robbed when the movers show up to their doorstep customers want a pricing structure that is simple all-inclusive just a flat hourly rate with no hidden fees a lot of companies require customers to take inventory of literally every single single thing in their home before providing an estimate this is really hard based on my own experience customers want you naturally to show up on time this seems pretty reasonable and finally customers want you to answer the phone pick it up when you call return emails i'm again speaking from direct experience here try to call a moving company sometime and you might be surprised at how hard it is to get someone to answer the phone and to actually just give you a quote it's almost impossible sometimes most of these companies are so busy they have trouble answering the phone and rarely get back to anyone don't expect anyone to follow up if you leave a message if you can manage to differentiate yourself and just do this basic blocking and tackling you're going to be one of the best service providers in your area doing these simple steps is literally what has allowed skinny went moving to grow by 1400 in their first 15 months of business so how does skinny wimp moving get customers the first approach they use is in-person marketing and you can start doing this with almost no budget right away the owner of skinny went moving in phoenix is called max maher through my research i actually learned that max is a pretty big youtuber in addition to business owner with the channel approaching 1 million subscribers already and one way that max has drummed up business for his moving company is by simply knocking on doors of different businesses sharing his business card and explaining that he's looking for things to move essentially basically like i said max just walks into these businesses uh strikes up a simple conversation shares his card in a marketing pamphlet maybe that's it max goes into detail into this process of speaking to businesses in this video where he shares the highlights of connecting with 500 businesses that added an extra 30 000 in revenue to his company and as you're going to learn in the video too which i thought was cool being an overly gregarious person or outgoing is not something that came naturally to max which is really great news especially if you're an introvert like me you really can do this type of work another place that max likes to visit in person is self storage facilities which i think is brilliant there are at least 50 of these self storage places within 10 miles of my house and they are literally all full and if you think about it every day there are people moving junk in and out of these facilities if you can build a relationship with just a few of these managers or owners of these properties you could end up building a steady stream of business right there just from that single source another way that max finds customers is through advertising on yelp i wouldn't have thought of this but yelp of course is a review site that shares information about all sorts of local businesses from restaurants to plumbers and yes even moving companies too if you're willing to spend a few hundred dollars to a thousand dollars on marketing each month reach out to yelp and get to know what they have to offer most companies in your area either they're not gonna understand online marketing or they won't be willing to spend anything on advertising so really think this is a great way to stand out from the local competition when you're starting out finally local facebook groups can be huge for finding moving business i spoke with the owner of a busy moving company in my area and discovered that they get almost all their business from local facebook groups like this one i'm going to show on the screen here called bailing to boise this is a facebook group dedicated to helping people prepare for a move to boise there are similar facebook groups like this for almost every major market though if you live in an area where there are a lot of people moving in from outside the state or from from other towns participating in these local facebook groups might be the only thing you need to do to get started with this business to stand out in these groups all you really need to do is provide moving tips advice about different neighborhoods and just answer basic questions about the community that you already live in that's all you need to do to be helpful next let's move on to the software and tools you're going to need to start a moving company if you plan to start a moving company there's some standard issue equipment you're going to need items like a dolly a furniture dolly moving blankets moving straps and of course a truck or a van i'll link to a full list of essential moving equipment below in this video so that you know what to uh what you're going to need to invest in the next is invoicing software this software allows you to send a professional looking invoice to customers by email and allow them to pay by credit card or check if they want one simple option that i really like is called zoho.com but another option when starting out is just to use paypal to send an invoice you can edit your invoices with a company logo contact information so paypal is another good way to pay for your first few moving jobs or get paid for your first few moving jobs if you don't want to pay for a monthly subscription next of course you're going to need a website with appealing photos an effective website doesn't need to be complicated but it should include unique photos of you smiling moving stuff around moving boxes this is going to help you build trust again focus on those photos where you look clean cut also don't forget to include an email address telephone number and other contact information so that visitors can reach out to you when getting a quote and make sure to pick up the phone when they actually call too try to make the quote process as easy and as fast as possible for the prospective customer collect basic info like the number of rooms a customer needs moved their telephone number you know what their email address is but don't make the online form take so long that it discourages someone from asking for a quote make the quote process again as easy simple and as fast for the customer as you possibly can you can always adjust the quote price later if you discover the job is larger than expected but just make sure you get the contact information from the buyer first and then just try to over quote a little bit and that's going to help give you a little wiggle room there i would also consider creating an llc for your moving business to protect your personal assets in the event you get sued after all when you're driving trucks you're shipping things from one you know great distances a lot of times there's a lot that can happen in between there i added a link where i got my llc forms for 49 plus state fees in the description below now here's what i like about the moving business bottom line i love that a moving company is one of those scrappy ventures that can be started on a minimal budget or on the weekend while you're holding down a full-time job still but with that being said you can start small but there's the opportunity to grow that business really big and make an incredible income if you start bringing in more than 100k in gross monthly revenue like skinny whip moving company has been able to do that's a great thing now for your first few jobs you could easily rent a truck from u-haul and uh you know get the business started this way without actually owning a vehicle and you can get started even if you don't have any money to invest in the business if you're willing to hustle a little bit and do a little bit of the heavy lifting yourself at first i also like that this is a business again that you can grow there's a company that operates locally where i live in idaho that sends out between five to ten trucks each week out to other states like california and washington if you could hit this sort of volume you could certainly end up netting in the 20k per month range after expenses which is pretty sweet of course the big challenges you're gonna be focused on as a business owner what what you're gonna be in charge of solving is the marketing problem you're going to need to ensure you've always got that steady stream of customers requesting move quotes so make sure that you create a local marketing plan to ensure you've always got a customer pipeline coming through next if you want to grow the company you'll need to hire employees if you want to move beyond a single truck and being a sole operator if you want to make big money in this industry just the bottom line is you're going to have to start relying on employees to drive and load trucks you can't be everywhere at once you're going to need to develop some basic skills in hiring managing people to make this business work finally you're going to need to develop systems for communicating with potential customers try to make the process of onboarding customers and getting paid as seamless as possible remember you really can make more than a million dollars in revenue per year with a moving business but you're gonna need to get really good at marketing and people management and customer communication to build one of these best in breed moving businesses like skinny one moving company has been able to do i hope you enjoyed this video please hit the like and subscribe button it helps me get the word out about this channel and we'll make sure you know about new videos that come out with revenue numbers for all sorts of different types of businesses thanks so much for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @Yourfavbrunette12376 [9 likes]: I have been doing this for almost 30 years and 10 years ago I went on my own. I’m old school don’t know anything about Electronics but thanks to you I’m about to put some money on everything you said. I thank you again brother 🙏🏾
  2. @juanquinonez1488 [7 likes]: Solid content man! Best video I’ve seen starting my moving company soon after working for 2 years in one. Super stoked always knew marketing was key
  3. @frankwhite2 [6 likes]: Very valuable content. Thank you so much 😊
  4. @throbbingleg1555 [3 likes]: Starting one soon in a place where there is close to none. All I have got is my low budget, no truck and passion to succeed.  Funny right?
  5. @viewandreview6991 [2 likes]: which software i can use for moving company
  6. @UprightMoving [2 likes]: Do you think I should buy a 16 ft enclosed trailer for apartment moves? Or just keep renting uhauls until I have enough for a box truck?
  7. @Taqwa596 [1 likes]: Thanks for all the info💪
  8. @christopherbrown281 [1 likes]: Amazing
  9. @natenero: Bad business to get into
  10. @circleandluck3261: Only $20k a month from 5 trucks?

- How He Built a Multi Million Dollar Moving and Storage Business: Kind: captions Language: en Do you want to know how two college buddies started a side hustle moving company? And today they'll do over $2 million a month in revenue. Well, today we're going to go interview the founder, Justin Hodgej, and we're going to break down his entire journey of the side hustle to 2 million a month in revenue, all the challenges that he faced along the way, and what you need to know if you want to build a company that'll do over $24 million in a year. Make sure you stay to the end of the video and if you haven't already, I would greatly appreciate it if you would smash the like button. Let's just go ahead and jump right on into it. [Music] So, you're moving almost 400 people a month. What's the average residential move? So, for local moving, the average is $2,500. And for long distance, it's $10,000. Okay. And so, you've got this blend of local and long distance. So, we'll do maybe a hundred long distance moves this month. then uh probably 250 local moves this month. That's probably the biggest question we get is how much is my move going to cost. Uh and so when we get that question, we'll basically tell them for local it's 2500 bucks and for a long distance on average it's around 10,000. Now for long distance I will say obviously a one-bedroom apartment move going from here to Southern California is a lot different than a three-bedroom house that's going from here to Maine. So we have some clients that have paid $30,000 plus dollars for long-distance moves and others that around5 to 6,000. So, you know, it just really really depends, but that's kind of the average. Justin, talk to me a little bit about what we have going on here. Obviously, I love the picture in the top left. Tell me about that picture. Yeah, so it's a wall we're proud of. We've got, you know, sort of the history of the company starting in 2008. So, this picture, it's funny because I remember this day vividly. Uh, I was living at this very crappy apartment at the time and we had just started the company and there just happened to be a guy walking by and I said, "Hey, could you take a picture real quick?" Because we were running these ads on Craigslist. We didn't really have anything to put up as far as advertising. I said, "This will be really cool." So, we're called muscular moving men. So, one of the heaviest couches I've ever lifted. My girlfriend at the time, now wife, is on the couch. And then Josh, my business partner, is on the other side. So, you know, who wouldn't thought that 16 years later that how important this picture was. And you kind of go through the trajectory of our company as the years go by, the addition of the trucks, the team grows. It's just kind of cool to see your body of work in one place up on one wall. Did you ever think in that picture right there that you would get to a point where you were doing three to 400 moves a month? No, it it wasn't even like a plan that I was planning on starting a moving company. I worked at a moving company in college. Uh a couple of the different, you know, possible places I would go, whether it was going to be broadcast journalism, and then I thought, hey, I'll be a lawyer. They make good money. Uh we found out we were going to be young parents. So Jackie and I, at least for me, my why is that my daughter was going to be born. So I knew I needed to make money. And so we really just started small. there was zero invested in the company. It would be borrow my dad's truck and trailer and started doing moves and uh you know here we are the biggest independent moving company in the state doing the volume of moves that we do. It's it's definitely very very crazy but really fulfilling it. We have such a great team and just obviously couldn't do it without them. I love that. Well, we're going to go ahead and tour the rest of the facility. give me the walkthrough of what we have going on out here. There's a lot going on, I would imagine. Yeah. Well, it's funny cuz May is National Moving Month. So, we kind of came at the time where there is a lot going on. So, more than 60% of the moves in this country will happen May to August. Really? So, you've got, you know, kids get out of school, families wait to uproot until that time. And, uh, for us, this will be our biggest month ever in 16 years. Wow. So, pretty crazy. So, you've got, you know, the business development team, which is over here. uh they're making the phone ring, boots on the ground, shaking hands, kissing babies, all that kind of stuff. And then that kind of feeds over to the inside sales team. So, you know, leads work their way through our communication platform. We try to get to them within 2 minutes or so. Technology is pretty great at this point. We use a product called Live Switch. So, literally, if it's a call-in, we send them a link, they hop on their phone, and from our computer, we kind of do this virtual presentation of who we are, build that trust factor, uh and then hopefully book them on the spot, whether it's a local, long distance, whatever the case may be. And then you got operations. They're, you know, making sure that, uh, everybody's being taken care of. Like I said, it's kind of a jigsaw puzzle, especially when it comes to long distance trying to get to where you're supposed to be. Uh, barring any trucks going down or people just not being truthful with you about what they have. Sometimes that's an issue. There's inventory that's double. Now, what do we do? We got to figure something out. And then you got accounting. So, Steven and heaven, they're collecting money, making sure that that's all good. And then, uh, just more of an extension of operations. So, you know, it is uh it can be a beautiful disaster sometimes. I mean, May just it's it's crazy, but it's good. So, I tour a lot of different, you know, businesses and talk to a lot of different business owners and very few people are willing to be transparent with the numbers. So, talk to me about your decision in being that transparent with everything. Uh, you know, I think that in general, why hide it? Why let people think that you're performing well if you're not? And, you know, if we're doing great, we want people to share in that. And also, you know, if you're going to hop in your car and go for a drive, we don't just do that. We need to know where we're going to go, right? We put an address in the GPS and and for us, this is kind of that address of where we're going to and also tracking where did we come from. So, you know, point of reference all the way back to 2015. So, you've got your revenue from a local perspective, long distance storage, M3 commercial was not even a thing yet, so we did no commercial moving. And then what did we do in total revenue? And really the bottom line number is what matters cuz people go, "Oh my god, you're crushing it. You're making all this money." But we put so much back into the business. I think that's another healthy way to let your team know that we care so much. We're putting it back into the business. It's not just going to us. So eventually this kind of gets us to a point, you know, through 2033, almost a little less than 10 years from right now, where we've got 30 local moving trucks. There's 40 tractor trailers doing the long distance moves. We've got 150 mover athletes. We'll have potentially 60 admin staff and 10 different offices around the country. So, I think it's pretty cool to see from 2008, we did 19,000 bucks in 2008. We thought we were really cool, crushed it. Uh the next year, 475,000 and like just the the growth over time, you know, and from where we came from 3 years ago, we're 50%, you know, higher than where we were then. So, I think it's really really important to pay attention. And also I think just from an advancement perspective, the team goes, somebody's going to have to work in these other offices. We're going to have places to go and then you have to backfill those positions. So kind of feeds into that camaraderie factory. Sure. Yeah. These numbers are really interesting to see the evolution. You know, you actually went from a 12% net income to a 9% net income 5 years later and then turned it all the way around and you know, now obviously in 2025, I'm sure that's fairly accurate there. So really interesting. What happened do you think between you know that time and that time in terms of your bottom line? Yeah, and like you said, that really is an important number. And I think for us, you can get over your skis sometimes. You maybe overinvest in the company. You start maybe taking your eye off the ball. We So, we made a run at expanding nationwide. We opened three offices in 20189. And I think a lot of that led to losing market share in 2020. So, you know, you got to own your own backyard, which I think we really learned. We also tried to put people that had never worked in the moving industry into those stores. And so we learned quickly that the learning curve was just too steep for them. It wasn't like we were losing money, but it was like it was apparent that we needed to get back to home base. And I think from 2020 on, we really started to to do that. And like you said, 20% net is really where we want to be. And as long as we're all bought in here and we make that happen, then we're going to be good. Yeah. 100%. And then people have a place to work, right? That's one of the reasons I love transparency is that, you know, your people know that, hey, if they're if you have a bad month as an owner, then their job's at risk at the end of the day. If the company's doing well, then they have room to grow. They have potential, you know, growth opportunity within the company, right? Within the organization. All right. You were telling me a little while ago that you're about to have a record month, your best month you've ever had, you know, since 2008. How much money you going to make topline revenue? So May of 2024, we'll do more than $2 million in topline revenue collectively as a company between M3 commercial, muscular moving men, storage, long distance, everything combined, which is a number we've never gotten to before and one that seemed unattainable at some point. It's it's pretty wild to think about, but um you know, something I think we'll get more comfortable with as time goes on, especially when we add more locations. Yeah. Which is really cool. And what do you think the reason for that is? just lengthen the industry or um you know I mean how are you continuing to just go bigger and bigger and bigger and bigger? So I think when there was this interest rate hike about a year ago or so we started to see this drop off in referrals from different real estate partners. We started to figure out how can we have somebody else that refers us business. So yes there's you know online advertising and Google paperclick and all these different things but we started working with other moving company owners. So, what my partner's been really good at is building relationships with other companies that do really great with local moving, but they don't want to do long distance. So, what are you doing with those leads? So, there's 30 to 40 moving partners, not just in Arizona, but all over the United States that do local moving really well that don't want to do long distance. So, we kind of built this network of leads that come through. And so, on a weekly basis, there's now over a hundred long-distance leads from just moving company partners alone. Um, not to mention then you have, okay, great, real estate's picked back up and all these different things. So, I think that kind of taught us that we needed to have other resources and other business that's come in. And like I said, long distance, I think we have the biggest runway for. So, other moving company partners, um, you know, I think this is something that other business owners can learn from is sometimes your best friend can be people in your industry that are potentially a competitor, but just sharing best practices and working on like how do can we help make your business better, which we tried to do. And in turn they trust you and obviously we pay commissions on it too so everybody's happy. We always say collaboration over competition. And what is the most challenging thing in a month like May? I mean is it just logistics of or is it trucks breaking down? Is it people calling in sick? Like what would you say if you had narrowed down one big challenge that you guys have? Wow. I have to pick one. I think you know the manpower issue is is always a factor. Just having people um believe it or not people don't want to move furniture in 120°ree heat. you know, it's it's like we pay well, industryleading pay, but at the same time, you know, you go work a 12-h hour shift, you're not really excited to come back and move again the next day. And so, I mean, I did every move for the first two years, and I can tell you that um over time, guys start to go, "Did you really know how to do this?" At one point, they question you. So, I went out on a move a year ago. I could not move after a 12-hour day. I went and like laid on my floor like, "Our guys are amazing. They just really, really are." So, you build that culture, I think, and that camaraderie. uh you'll see the gym and that's another part of it I think just in addition to the money that you pay you have to really build a strong culture. We feel like we've done that. How do you price out a move? I've you know I've I've obviously moved multiple times. I'm sure everybody has and I've called around you know previously obviously before we met you moving forward I won't have to call around anymore. And you know different people quote you different ways. You know some people it's how many items do you have? Some people it's, you know, the weight, I guess, and for other people it's actually the length of time that the movers are actually moving. How do you go about that? Yeah, without getting too far into the weeds, I guess for the local part, it is all based on a formula, right? So, I put in the inventory from your house. Let's say you've got um, you know, a bedroom, a living room, a dining room, etc. And it gets to a point where this is 5,000 lbs. Well, we know based on our formula how many pounds per man per hour can be loaded and how many pounds per man per hour can be unloaded. And it says this is a 15 manhour project and then how do many people do I want to put on it? Is that a oneman 15 hour move? Probably not. Two men 7 and a half. And so you get to a point where we know how many hours and it all sort of works out in that way. But for long distance like I said it's a binding estimate. It's based on the inventory. Yes. kind of the weight, all these factors taken into consideration and it it is a formula. I think there are a lot of companies that are kind of just shooting from the hip which is so frustrating and Arizona is the least regulated state in the country when it comes to moving. It's true fact. You've got thousands of quote unquote moving companies, especially locally here that claim to be movers, but they're just not. And that's why the industry has such a bad reputation. Uh and then, you know, when it comes to long distance, there's a lot less that you're competing against. so that the bar continues to kind of be set a little bit higher. Uh, so we feel great about the fact that it's based on an actual formula, not just making up numbers off the fly. So, I have to ask you before we keep going. Muscular moving men, do you only hire muscular men? Uh, you know what? I will say this. In summer months, if you're here on time, we'll take you. You know, uh, we we kind of boxed ourselves in with that name. My business partner, as I mentioned, he won Mr. Arizona a couple different times and you sort of have decided you're going to hold this high standard. We refer to our crew as mover athletes. To that extent, we do want people to be in shape, right? But at the same time, we've had people that have shown up here that have not been that and have been overweight and maybe they were smokers. We're a smoke-free company. Fitness is important to us and people have changed their lives. No joke. We've had people that have uh been on Transformation Tuesday for like local news channels because they've lost a certain amount of weight and you know try uh not losing weight when it's 120 and you're moving 10 hours a day. It pretty much is like you have to get in shape. So, you know, we shoot for that and I think we've also helped people to change themselves too. Sure. And you have a gym over here which we'll take a look at in a minute that you've given access to obviously your entire team and you're going to be building a much bigger and cooler gym in the new uh space that you're building out right now too, right? Well, so here's the thing about the gym that's here, we could probably charge another $10,000 a month in storage. Sure. If we didn't have this uh workout facility space, but it was important to us because we wanted the camaraderie factor and having guys uh be able to come in and work out and also, you know, it's just it's important to us too. So Josh and myself and it really lives up to who we are. So we decided that is more important to us than trying to fill up every inch of this place with more storage vaults. So tell me about your decision here. Why did you end up doing this? So, we've got this basically we've brought QT, we've brought Circle K, we've brought the gas station to you. Why did we decide to do that? Well, number one, I think it's a cool thing for our mover athletes to be able to grab a sandwich or a drink before and after their shifts. But also, uh, time is a factor, especially when you're talking about 125 people that are coming through this door every single day to go out and work shifts. From the time that they punch in, they're on the clock and we're paying. So, how do we get them to the customer's home quickly? This is one factor. Now they don't have to go to the gas station to grab snacks, right? Do it before you get here or help yourself over here, swipe and pay and whatever. Uh but also it limits damages. So you've got these moving trucks every day that are going out if you can stop them from going to one additional location. Uh then you're potentially limiting damage and it's less out of pocket for us, less fuel. So I mean there's only good things that happen from this. So it's pretty cool. So what made you want to get into storage in the first place? So, it's funny because I think people are generally going to need to have their items stored for some period of time, but we didn't have the capabilities early on. And then we found out what's a storage vault? Well, it's a 7x5x7 crate. You need a forklift or a pallet jack. And eventually, we just kept doing it better and better and better to the point now where we've got 1,200 vaults here. And at any given time, we'll have more than a million pounds of furniture inside here. So it's it's nice because the selling feature there is that we bring the storage to the client, right? So if I was to take your stuff to extra space or public storage, something like that, I have to load and unload a truck two times, more labor, more damage potential. But if I bring the storage to you and I have an inventory person there that's tracking everything coming in, it's one time in, one time out. So less likelihood of damage and then just less labor time. So it works out great. And how how long is the average, you know, customer leaving a box with you? So, I'd say on average 3 to six months, uh, we have people that have prepaid for years on on end, like you know, legal offices that just don't need access to their clients documents and stuff like that. And, uh, when COVID happened, actually, people all of a sudden there was this huge boom and people wanted to sell houses, but they had no place to go. So, we more than doubled our storage revenue month over month from April of 20 through the end of 20 just because people all of a sudden they felt this pent up demand and they had no place to go. So, it worked out great for us. It's kind of died down since then, but in general, if you have a giant facility, you have to parks, you have to do all these things. It's nice to be able to have, you know, some of that money come back to be able to offset some of those costs. Sure. And do you build these boxes yourself or do you buy them like that? So, we buy these uh from a distributor. And, you know, in general, they're probably 250 to 500 bucks a piece, depending on the quality and the condition of them. Uh, but there's a lot of training that goes into it, too. So, like I was mentioning. So these are three high now where we're going to eventually move into a facility that's 40 foot clear height which will be four high here. So again having great people we actually have people that five that are forklift certified. We actually have a trainer that can get additional people certified too. So you can imagine watching these go four high can be kind of nerve-wracking at times. So when we have customers show up here they were kind of like their minds are blown when they see this like how do you keep track of where everything is? How do I know where my vault is? There's a row number as you can see on the floor and then it's 1 2 3. So if I'm, you know, looking for 292, I go to 292, the second position up. So we keep track of these things and it's almost people go, "Well, listen, I need access to it to to, you know, month over month." The nice thing is we can grab it and bring it to your feet. So if you come show up here, we can open it up and get you what you need. You don't have to walk down hallways and deal with elevators. It's a pretty cool thing. So we've definitely capitalized on this. We plan on probably doubling what we have now over the next two to three years, which is really, really cool. Talk to me about what it costs somebody to leave a box here for, let's just say, like a month. And then how much of your total revenue at Muscular Movement is actually coming from storage? So there's 75 bucks a month plus tax per unit. Uh we actually running a special right now. So we do two months free storage to give people a chance to get in and get started with us. So you have over a 100red mover athletes. How much or how many trucks do you have? So, we've got 15 box trucks, which is like a truck you'd use for local moving. We've got 10 tractor trailers, and then we have five flatbed trailers that would haul those storage vaults that we were talking about before that would bring them to and from job sites. Sure. Okay. And then talk to me about, you know, do you own your trucks? You know, as you've scaled from 2008 to 2024, what have you learned when it comes to like owning versus leasing or renting or what have you? Uh, I think I've learned stay in your lane, do what you're good at. And so for a while, not only did we own our own trucks, but we also started a fleet maintenance repair division. So you we converted part of the storage to be able to work on not only our trucks, but other moving company trucks, too. And it was going okay, but now you've got oil and fluids and you've got to, you know, maintain this new company that really isn't that profitable. So I think we went, why are we even doing this? So we sold all the trucks that we owned and we did lease trucks. So the nice thing about the lease is that everything's built into it. So, you know, when it needs a repair and maintenance, they come do it and they provide you a replacement truck for it. So, yes, you have to rent, but I think the the positives far outweigh the negatives. And it's been a really key move for us. Yeah. So, right here behind me, we have a couple of TVs, and we actually have one of the companies that I own back here. Uh we own a big real estate company for those of you watching the video that don't know. And we actually just recently kind of partnered up in a way with Muscular Moving Men. And you said a little while ago, back in 2010, you walked into your very first real estate office. talk to me about the importance of building a B2B relationship, you know, in today's day and age. And how much, you know, business do you think you've got over the years, you know, partnering with different real estate uh professionals? Yeah, like you mentioned in 2010, literally just walked into a real estate office. I think it was Russ Lion Sabes up in Cave Creek. Uh that's where I lived at the time. And after I got done begging furniture stores to let me move their stuff, we walked into one office and they said, "Sure, kid. We'll give you a chance." Cuz no other moving company had gone in there. And you know, since then it's grown exponentially. So in 15 16 years, I'd say probably 40% of our business comes from realtor relationships. Wow. Well, it and also I think it's just such a mistrusted industry. There's this reputation that's been built and you I could ask a room full of people, how many times have anybody here moved and everybody would raise their hand and how many of you had a good experience moving? Everybody puts their hand down. So I think just having that resource, having that partner, that accountable person that's got an infrastructure as big as we do to be able to do not only the local but long distance. I mean, literally, I can go pick a client up in Maine and bring them back here. So you've got like all the capabilities of a major van line, but it's that small business approach and feel the owner's two steps away. There's no 800 number or a bunch of red tape you need to get through. So I think realtors um will really gravitate to that because listen, is everything perfect? No. when you're doing 400 moves a month, there are going to be challenges. Uh in our industry, probably 20% of moves will end in some kind of a damage or an issue with with uh with something. And in our situation, it's more like 5 to 10%. But there's still 30 potential people a month that we have to work with. And we just make sure that we address issues quickly. You have to just say, "Look, I'm not perfect, but I'm accountable." And so, I think that's why that partnership works. Uh and like you said, we're thankful to be able to work with you guys, too. And so as long as everybody understands that you are accountable and that we work through challenges and that's why I think we've been successful with it all the years. All right, Justin. So talk to me a bit about the, you know, the initial investment to getting into moving. You know, we looked at the picture out there in the hallway. We talked a little bit about it. Did Did you have any equipment? I mean, did you have anything or did you just get started? Yeah, so we really just rented a truck and trailer from my dad and it was an open bed trailer. It was not impressive by moving standards. We put zero of our own dollars into this from an investment perspective. So that basically just continued to uh produce enough revenue for us so we could buy our first truck. We bought this uh real piece of junk. It was a 97 Freightlininer FL60. I'll never forget. So this was probably 2009 at this point that we bought this truck. Uh the truck's 12 or 13 years old. It's got quarter of a million miles on it. And we did the first thing that you do when you buy an old piece of junk truck. You go put a stereo in it. Y uh we did not get it checked out at a dealership. We did not check the brakes or any of the the you know major mechanical uh issues that it might have. And so we did our first long distance move. So we drove the truck to Lake Arrowhead, California, which if you've ever driven this, it's this treacherous long windy up this crazy mountain to get there. And we started loading a bunch of equipment and things we probably shouldn't have, including hot tubs. We're like pushing up a walk ramp. We're moving weight equipment. You name it. Everything was a two-man job at that point because we had two people. Like that was it no matter where we showed up. So I think we charged like 1,800 bucks to do this move. We thought we were just crushing it. And the guy was just laughing at us the whole time. So eventually we load this truck up with more than you're supposed to have uh in a box truck and we like going down this treacherous mountain. Hopefully the brakes work. Stereo was great. We we definitely like it sounded great, but we were really concerned to say the least. So that was kind of our first truck, our first long-distance move. So you talk about mistakes, we've made every mistake you can possibly make. Yeah, for sure. How much did you pay for that very first truck that you bought? Do you remember? It was $9,500. And I think by that standards, it was we probably were like, "Oh my god, this is insane. Why?" But but within a year or two, every truck that was as crappy as that one was was like 15 or 16,000 bucks. We probably should have bought two or three at that point. Um, I mean they run forever. You know, it was kind of sad saying goodbye to Arnold, our first original truck. We named our moving trucks after uh different action stars and bodybuilders. I know it's kind of corny, but you know, you got to have a way that you can refer to your different trucks so your guys know, hey, you're on Arnold today or Louisie or Achilles or Leonitis or Titan or whatever the case may be. Yeah, sure. You know, it's interesting. You paid $9,500 for the truck and you probably put $1,000 stereo in there, right? That was the most important thing. Um, talk to me a little bit about the journey. You know, for people watching, what are some things that maybe if you were to go back, right, and we were back in '08, but you had all the knowledge that you had today. You know, what are a few things along your journey that maybe you'd have done differently? Things that you would have either done or not done, you know, that um kind of in hindsight, obviously, everything happens for a reason, but if you could, you know, give that advice. Wow. Yeah, that would be a long list for sure. The the thing is like there's not really a playbook, right, when you're start and you know this too, starting your own business. Uh I think for us in particular too, we're not really like any other moving company in that most companies have this specific lane. They do local moving really well or long distance or commercial. We kind of do all these things and then you throw storage and packing. And I think that probably our biggest downfall but also potentially our biggest strength is we say yes and figure it out later. And so that sometimes really works out great and other times it doesn't. So, I mentioned we started this fleet maintenance division. You know, that lost a significant amount of money because again, you you're trying to just continue to add these little side pieces to your business. Uh we started a junk removal division. So, the trouble with the junk removal was that you're using the same equipment and trucks, but you're turning down a $2,500 move to do a $200 junk removal. And, you know, it just didn't really add up. We launched three stores outside of Arizona. So you've got in 2018 we opened um San Diego, a location in Michigan in Denver and they were going okay. That was probably the year that I, you know, felt like I was most stressed out in in you know in in my entire life. So uh running not only this business but traveling week after week to these different markets. So we eventually closed those. I I think just you know being humble it that was a very humbling experience for us for sure and just admitting look this is not the right move. We lost a lot of money in those situations. cuz there's there's a countless list of more stuff we did wrong. I got some pretty amazing stories, but you know, those are the things that come to mind off the bat. Thank you so much for staying till the very end of the video. If you are one of the people who stayed all the way to the end and you're not yet subscribed to my YouTube channel, I would greatly appreciate it if you would take just a second and subscribe and also smash the like button and drop a comment down below what you liked about the video and also any businesses that you think that I should tour. I'd be happy to check them out. Again, thank you so much and we'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @UprightMoving [13 likes]: Doing about 35-50k a month in the summer it’s a badass business for sure
  2. @DaytonLexington [7 likes]: As a moving company owner in Texas, I absolutely loved this video and would love to get in contact with him to discuss the industry!
  3. @JessicaJonesie [3 likes]: Love this! Great content. We own a small moving company in Knoxville TN and this is really valuable
  4. @charlesreed6460 [2 likes]: Great job but I can tell by the way he talks about "our culture" he sucks to work for 😂
  5. @bernb3538 [2 likes]: It's not everyday that you can find a transparent owner entrepeneur like Justin Hodge. I really enjoy the interview and 
i learn some cool tips tips too. I might implement some of his stuff in my company too. I wish him great sucess because he deserve it. Thanks for this post.
  6. @George_Gilbert [2 likes]: I went to see there reviews and holy hell 😄. They are getting slammed 🤣.
  7. @U2slow-pb4io [2 likes]: What size truck do I need?
  8. @patrickslouck7172 [1 likes]: great video as a Moving company owner --- this is Gold --- say yes and figure it out later
  9. @HeyMavDak [1 likes]: $20.78 / hour is not competitive pay for a Mover.
  10. @honorableadrian1818 [1 likes]: He’s a thief ..scammer AND a con artist
  11. @f1nascar1fan7 [1 likes]: I appreciate the transparency and well spoken nature of the business owner.
  12. @TropTrevTv: Amazing Video Man !  Being at a company for some years and watching all they do ups and downs with the storage, vaults breaking, local and long distance 26:51  what intrigued me the most was the mistakes at the end 😂😂😂😂 , I’d pay extra to hear the laundry list of stuff that can happen. 

Sounds like a great industry and being in California there’s Soooo much volume of people moving in and out, even as small as apartment moves, but it sounds like saving as much money from issues is the key to success with this
  13. @sebastianschlesinger9715: Flamingo legs ass boi two men and a truck
  14. @speechlessmoment1668: Love it !
  15. @PaulJenkins-y1r: great video, liked all the tips
  16. @Momoensjsij2838rurjrjjr: as a moving company owner the biggest chalenge to start a moving company right now is the truck insurance, here in canada we pay around 3500/month just for insurance and if you sell for less than 40k/month , then good luck
  17. @tatianareed5630: I’m looking for insight and maybe even partnership
  18. @fitwitfan: 1200 storage vaults at $75 a pop is $1,080,000
  19. @youlikethesound: Amazing interview. Very transparent and informative. I will have to watch this a a few more times.
  20. @richardkurtz9661: Guy has a douche stance. Close your legs bro.

- How I Actually Run GOOGLE ADS for Moving Businesses & Removalists - Real Strategy That Works (2025): Kind: captions Language: en In this video, I'm going to show you exactly step by step how I set up Google Ads for removalist and moving businesses, including the four core pillars of every profitable campaign. The number one mistake the beginners make that kills results before they even [music] start and the correct way to set up targeting so you're only appearing when people are actively [music] searching to book in a move right now. Whether you've run ads before or you're just starting from scratch, this is a real strategy that's [music] working in 2025. So, make sure you watch the entire video so you don't miss out on anything important. But let's not waste any more time and just jump into the video. So, the very first thing we want to do is just head over to Google Ads. If you're a complete [music] beginner and you've never had a Google Ads account before, there's a bunch of different offers here that you can take. So, you can get some free ad [music] credit after you spent a certain amount of money in a certain time period. As you can see here, if I spend $1,800 in the first 60 days of having Google Ads, I can get $1,200 back in ad credit. This is an unbelievably great deal if you're brand new to Google Ads. So, make sure you grab that. But for me, I've already got an account, so I'm just going to tap on the start now. Now, once we've landed in the Google Ads dashboard, the first thing we want to actually do is not build the campaign. We want to actually find the keywords that people are using to find your business as well as how much other moving businesses are spending to appear at the top of the page for those keywords. So, I'm going to show you exactly how to do that right now. What you want to do is go over to tools and then go to planning and then keyword planner and then tap on discover keywords. And what we're going to do here is we're just going to type in what somebody would typically type in to find a removal list or moving company. So, I would just type in moving company near me. And I'm actually going to change the location to my exact city so I can have the most relevant data to how much people are actually paying to appear at the top of the page. So, what I'm going to do is I'm going to change this [music] to Melbourne and I'm just going to tap on include here and save. Now, what we want to do is just tap on get results and we're going to go down to average monthly searches and just tap on this. This just makes sure to show you the most searched keywords related to your industry. So, as you can see here, let's just drag this across. As you can see, remove list near me, movers near me, they all have very high monthly searches. And you can actually see how much people are paying to appear at the top of the page. So, as you can see, this is the lower range, anywhere from $9 to the high range of up to $27. So, that's how much people are paying to appear in that top page. So, let me just show you what I mean by that. As you can see, I have all these Google ads here. Now, you can tell they're ads because it says sponsored. So, I've got this ad, this ad, this ad, and this ad. So, this is what you're paying for to appear at the top of the page. And if you're appearing at the very top of the page, like this person right here, they're typically paying the most in cost per clicks. So, this person here, Big Staff Movers, is most likely paying around $27 or $24 to appear up there. Now, it's not a guarantee that they're going to be paying the absolute maximum top of the page bid range. It's just usually anywhere in between the low range and high range. So, they could be paying anywhere from $10 to as much as $24 for this particular keyword, movers near me. Now, what we want to do now is just grab all the keywords that are most relevant to our business. So, I'm just going to go through here and grab all these. And now, I'm just going to tap on copy. I'm just going to save these in my notes for later so we can use them when we're actually setting up the campaign. But before we leave, just make sure to remember what the top of page with low range and high range is on average. So now let's go back to the campaign and start actually building [music] out our campaign. So once we're back in the actual campaign area, we want to tap on the button that is new campaign. And the type of objective that we want to pick is going to be leads because we want people to fill out our form on our website so we can give [music] them a quote. Now for the conversion goals, you just want to add in different conversion goals that you have. So, the very typical conversion goals to track is when somebody fills out the form on your website or when somebody calls your business from the ad or the website. Now, I do have a full video that shows you exactly how to set up conversion tracking for your business just linked in the description for when you need it. But my personal suggestion is just watch this video, make sure to follow my instructions and set up your campaign the correct way. And then you can go over to the conversion tracking video and watch exactly how to set up the conversion tracking in your business. For now, we're just going to tap on continue, and we're going to select our campaign type. So, we want a search campaign. I suggest this for every single service-based business there is out there. You just want to appear when people are searching for you. You don't want to worry about performance max unless you have a ridiculously big budget or demand gen or anything else here. What we want to do here for our goal, we want to use website visits. And we just want to paste our website in here. You don't need to worry about phone calls because we'll have a phone [music] linked on the actual ad. And we don't want to worry about lead form submissions because we're sending them to our website with our lead form. We don't want to use Google lead forms because they are absolutely horrendous. So I'm just going to use this demonstration website here and then tap on continue. Now for the campaign name, I've just named this gen-moving because it's a general ad about moving. So this whole campaign is specifically around people looking for a moving company to move their stuff from one house to another. Now, if we also do something like furniture removal in our business, we'd have a separate campaign for that specific keyword. Now, let's tap on continue. Now, the very first mistake most beginners make when it comes to Google ads is the actual bidding strategy. If you have no conversion data in your account, you don't want to start on conversions. You want to start on clicks and then setting a maximum cost per click. This way, you have maximum control and you won't be spending an arm and a leg just for somebody to convert on your ad. Because right now, Google doesn't know who converts on your particular website and your particular ads. So, you don't want to risk it by having it on conversions and Google just grabbing your budget and throwing as much money at anybody to just click on your ad. It is the absolute worst way to start off a Google Ads campaign and you'd be running ads for about a week and just give up because you won't be getting profitable results. So, what you want to do is start on clicks and setting a maximum cost per click. If you remember what I showed you earlier about the maximum cost per click, high range and low range, we want to put that in here. So, the maximum cost per click on the high range was on average around $24. So, I'm just going to put the maximum cost per click at $24 because I don't want Google spending any more than that to get a click on my ad because I know nobody else really is. So, just set that in here and then tap on next. Now, we're going to remove Google Search Partners and Google Display because these are really hard to track and if you can't track it, you shouldn't be spending money on it. So, make sure to remove that. And then go down to locations and we're going to tap on enter another location. And then tap on advanced search. Now, the best way to do this is to just type in one of the suburbs that you service. So, you want to do something like Chadston, which is one of the areas that we service. We're going to tap on that, and it's going to take us directly to Chadston. So, it just makes it a lot easier to target all the other areas. Now, what you want to do is flick this over where it says show all areas and then just do mass targeting on all the areas that you actually service. Now, if you want to be lazy, you can actually just tap on the radius button and just drop a massive pin like this. So, you can just target a massive circle and you can also increase the range here or decrease it if you want. Now, I don't generally suggest using this method because if you have it on the other method, which I showed you before, you can actually increase and decrease bids based on different towns and suburbs that you've targeted. So, just say for example, Melvin East, I get a lot of work and people convert here a lot. And then over here in Ashwood, not many people convert on my ads and it's nowhere near as profitable as Melvin East. So, what I would suggest doing later on the future is you increase bids for Melvin East and decrease bids for Ashwood. Now, you're unable to do this if you target by radius by pinning massive circles. You can only increase or decrease bids based on the actual circle, not the area. So, if you're in this for the long run and you want to make as much money as possible, you want to be going through that hassle and just targeting every single individual suburb because it gives you way more control over where you can spend your budget. I hope you're enjoying the value that I'm giving you in this video. But if you want that really high ticket advanced knowledge that I can't achieve for free on YouTube, there's a link right in the description. My home service marketing course. I'll teach you everything about Facebook ads, Google ads, and automating your entire business. It works unbelievably well for removal list and moving companies. If you want it, go check it out. If not, let's jump back into the video. So, once you've done all your targeting, just tap on save. Now, what we want to do is go down to location options and make sure to switch this over from presence or interest to presence people in or regularly in your included locations. The reason why I tell you to do this is because if you don't, you get a lot of people who don't actually live in your targeted locations seeing your ads and converting on your page. And if you can't service them because they don't live in your targeted location, then it's just a waste of ad spend. So, if you want to save thousands of dollars on wasted ad spend, make sure to have it on this one. Now you can set in your language if you have any different languages. For the EU political ads, just have this as no. For the audience segments, you can select things that are related to your industry. Like all the things here that it suggests. But if you're going to do this, just make sure to keep this on observation, not targeting. The reason why is because later on down the line, within like 90 days of running your ads, you can actually increase or decrease bids based on these different audience segments. But if you're targeting, you're only going to show to people who are actually in them. So just keep it on observation and then tap on next. I personally don't bother with the AI max for search campaigns. I love AI, but right now with Google Ads, it's just not that great. So just tap on next. As you can see, it's grabbed a lot of different things from the website that I put in here. I just go to generate because it makes it a little bit easier. But once you've done that, you want to tap on edit because we want to actually change the ad around to what's working right now, not just what it's grabbed off our website and thrown in here. So, the keywords that we want to be using are all those keywords that I showed you at the very start of the video. So, I'm just going to paste them all in here. So, these are the highest searched keywords for people that are looking for moving companies or a move list in their area. We don't want to use any of those other ones that Google just jammed in here before cuz they got it off of our website. We want to use ones that people are actually searching. Now, right now, all these keywords are broad match. We do want to change all of these over to exact match so we're only appearing when people type in those exact search terms. If we keep it on broad match, you waste heaps of money on people who are looking up things that are slightly related to your keywords. You want to be the exact thing that people are actually typing up. Now, to do that is to just actually put brackets around all the keywords like this. But there's an easier way that I'm going to show you later in the video that just takes you a couple of seconds to do rather than putting brackets on every single keyword here. But for right now, let's actually go through and create the ad. the thing that people see to hire your service. Now, the first thing we want to do in here is just change the headlines around to the ones that we actually like. Now, the best way that I suggest doing this is using the four core pillars, which is relevancy, social proof, call to actions, and discounts. And you can even have a bonus in there of FOMO. So, fear of missing out. So, let me show you how we can actually use those in [music] an ad. So, we'll go to our first headline here. So, we'll just remove this. And we want to actually do the squiggly bracket. And we want to tap on keyword insertion. Put it on title case and just put in one of our keywords like this. And then tap on apply. Now I personally like to pin these in the first position because what this keyword insertion does is it grabs the keywords here. So what they actually searched into the search bar and it actually puts it as the headline. And as you can see I pinned it at the top so it will always be the first headline. So somebody would have typed into the search bar moving companies close to me. And this ad literally says exactly what they just typed. You could not be any more relevant to that person. So for the second headline, we could have something like a call to action like get your free quote or get your quote in 60 seconds if you have instant quotes. So here's my second headline. I'm just going to pin this as well. Showing position two. Now this is what the ad's looking like now. Movers near me. So super relevant. And then a call to action. Quotes in 60 seconds. So it literally even tells them how easy it is to get a quote. It's literally 60 seconds away. Now, we need the other two things, which is social proof and a discount. So, I like to actually use these in the descriptions a lot of the time. So, here's the two little descriptions that I've just created. One explains the service and the other one has social proof and a discount. So, let's just pin this in one and then pin this in two just so we can see it. Now, this is what our ad is looking like right now. In my opinion, it's a pretty clickable ad. It's got all the four core pillars on pushing somebody to actually click on your ad and get that quote. But we're not done just yet. We still need to add in our images, adding the phone number, and some site links as well. So, what we want to do is scroll to images, tap on add image. And what I'd suggest using is just really personal photos. So, photos of you actually doing the job are usually best or you and your work crew [music] just standing there because it shows the client and the person who's going to click on the ad exactly who they will be hiring. That's an instant trust builder that you can't get anywhere else. So once you've done that, just tap on save. Now we want to add in different site links. So these are just links to different parts of our website. So if you've got furniture removal, you can have a link to that part of your website. If you've got a page specifically for the discount, you can have that there as well. Or if you have people that want to move interstate, you can have links like that as well. So where they can actually click on it from your ad and it will take them directly to the interstate moving page. This way you can just be super relevant to what the person's actually searching once again. Now what we want to do is go to more assets. And if you've got a promotion, you can run your promotions here. You can add in your prices as well. But the main thing to do here is add in your phone number. So just add it in like this. And as you can see, it appears right below the ad. So the people can actually click on the ad here and it will take them to the website or they can click right here onto the phone number and it will go straight to calling your business. Once you've done that, tap on apply. Everything else here, in my opinion, is pretty useless. Call outs are all right. They just add little extra blurbs right at the end of your description. I [music] don't think they're that useful, though, because the description is already pretty big anyway. But, as you can see, I've just tapped on this one here, and it just pops in like that. Now, what I do want to tell you is you don't need to stress about this ad strength. I've never seen a good ad have a good ad strength. And I know that sounds absolutely crazy, but it's a metric that does nothing for your ads. It just kind of shows you how much control you have over Google. As you can see right now, I can unpin some headlines like this and my ad strength will slowly go up. It's only because I've pinned headlines because I want maximum control over what people see. As you can see, without the pin headlines, it's now on a good ad strength. My personal opinion is that you should pin headlines just so you know what headlines are working and what aren't. Because if you don't know what converts for your business, you may as well just be blindfolded shooting an arrow at a dart board. So, my advice to you is don't even bother with the ad strength. Now, what we want to do now is just tap on save and then tap on next. And you want to set in your daily budget. I personally suggest doing whatever the maximum cost per click is, which is $24 on average for us, and timesing that number by 10, and then having that as your daily budget. So, for this campaign, it'll be $240 as your daily budget. This should get you a minimum of 10 clicks per day. you'll probably get more around 15, but most moving and removalist companies convert around 25 to 30%. So that's an average of around three quotes per day. But once you've set that in, just tap on next. Now, we're nearly ready to publish the campaign, but we're not done just yet. Um, I do want to actually go over the bidding area here where you get this little warning sign. It's just because we've changed the bidding strategy from conversions, which Google suggested, to clicks instead. So, don't worry about this. Once you get about 30 plus conversions in your first month of running Google Ads, just switch it over to conversions because by that point, you've already trained Google on your own conversion data. Now, let's just tap on publish. What we want to do now is just make sure to change all of our keywords from broad match to exact match. This is so that we don't waste any money on broad match keywords because they are absolutely horrible. So, what we want to do is go over to audience keywords and content. Tap on keywords and as you can see, they've all loaded in and they're all broad match. You can change these here like this, or you can just select this little box, tap on edit, change match types, change all match types, and then change this over to exact match. All right, guys, that's a full Google Ads tutorial done. Look, if you do want to learn all the secrets that I can't share for free when it comes to Google Ads, there is a link down in the description to my home service marketing course where I teach you everything that I know about Facebook ads, Google Ads, and automating your whole entire business, as well as how to optimize all of your campaigns so you get better and better, more profitable results for your Google Ads campaign or Facebook ads campaign. Because just setting up the campaigns is just one thing and optimizing it is a whole different ballpark. So, if you're interested, go check out the course. But that's it, guys. I hope you enjoyed the video and I'll see you next

  Top Comments:
  1. @danieldimsey7463: My advertising course 👉 https://serviceadscourse.com/lp
  2. @shakeem42: Are these methods proven in the US also? I'm interested.
  3. @Mark-mv6sy: Hey! Appreciate the video! 
I have one question about the daily budget. In the video you have said that you should see what the statistic number is and multiply it by 10, coming to 250$ in your case. However, in the video you set a 25$ as a daily budget. So what budget exactly should be set per day?

Thanks!
  4. @Izzthegr8: Thank you for this
  5. @Toptikvideos: ❤
Much appreciated for you 😊.

- Moving company promotion, keeping your crew busy, marketing flyers, networking & website updates: Kind: captions Language: en yo yo yo what it do what it do what's happening what's good what's up first things first shout out to all the subscribers I appreciate you guys so much thanks for watching the videos liking the channel and subscribing you guys are dope I really appreciate it yo so this is my moving company update we're gonna make this quick it's the middle of the month things have been a little bit slow but we're still booking jobs over the last couple of days I've booked about six jobs uh to help keep my team busy this week has been a little bit slow I got three guys out in the field right now doing promo uh they're on the boozy side of town going to apartment buildings handing out flyers just really introducing themselves to as many people as they possibly can if you're new to this industry you just started your moving company or you're moving Hustle Flyers are a great way to generate business in your downtime you can get Flyers made online from Fiverr for pretty cheap I bought I used mine from poster.com created a template with the flyer added some of the company information really easy I got 500 flyers printed up from FedEx print store for like 130 bucks not a bad deal so I got the team out there doing promo keeping them busy giving them some hours things pick up tomorrow throughout the rest of the month things will be busy so we're just really looking forward to to knocking out as many jobs as we possibly can this month so we can be profitable this month um next week the whole crew is going to Las Vegas we're gonna go have some fun in Vegas we're going to be there for two nights two days we're going to a a conference out there it's a conference for veteran business owners really stoked about that really excited to be able to uh to show off headband show everybody the team Network we're going to do some networking but we're gonna do some partying too so we're just really looking forward to being out in Vegas having fun with the team um it's gonna be great um the team's doing good for the most part I have one guy he put in his two weeks notice really solid kid it's gonna be unfortunate to see him leave he just has another opportunity in another field in another industry so really rooting for him hope everything goes smooth with his new job and his new career choice brought on a new hire he's really solid he worked for a big moving company a big franchise company uh for a very long time so really excited to have him on the team and looking forward to learning from him and just grown with him really hope that he works out we'd love to hire another guy but things are really slow in the middle of the month right now so I'm figuring um just how to be more consistent with booking jobs there's some things that I need to improve on my end I take full accountability for I just got to be more consistent in in some of my responsibilities so I'm going to step things up to try to book more jobs and if we start getting more jobs on the books I'm going to bring another guy on um but things are pretty slow we do have some jobs booked next month I think we have like six jobs on the books uh usually this time of the year and the busy season we'll have like 15 jobs on the books so things are slowing down I'm just doing everything in my power to market the company better to get our name out there to network to book more jobs that is the goal this season this down season in the winter is to be able to keep my team fed and keep my guys busy so focusing on that things are going smooth with the app um working with a consultant right now he's worked with some big startups he's sold the startup in the past so I'm working with him doing like a a crash course boot camp it's like really fast paced to meet with them once a week paying them quite a bit of money to walk me through this process because a lot of this stuff is foreign to me so I'm meeting with him tomorrow just really excited about this app it's just really going to give movers the opportunity to to grow their business into a moving company it's going to give guys a lot of opportunity to develop leads it's just going to be a really dope app to to help movers out um in the industry so I'm really looking forward to it we're looking forward to launching in February as we develop it um I'll start to release more information to you guys and see who might be interested being on board but I'll definitely let you guys know I'm getting ready to head downtown right now uh I got my boot camp at Bunker Labs if you if you guys are veterans and you're not familiar with bunker Labs highly recommend you check them out they got a lot of Education resources for veterans they have boot camps just a really really great non-profit that helps veteran business owners so I'm going to be going to that I'm going to bounce some ideas off the team there see what everybody else has going on um It's A vibe when we go there it's it's really it's really dope just being around other business owners because they're going through a lot of the same struggles that I'm going through as a business owner especially with growth and so it's it's cool to be able to be at a table with other people that are going through the same things um so gonna do bunker Labs um and then after that I'm just getting caught up on a lot of stuff I got to update all my Google profiles I got to be more consistent with that um I've been updating the website slowly this last week I'm just putting more time and more focus into marketing updating the websites um updating all the social profiles So eventually I'm going to hand that off to somebody on the team but I need to put together a Playbook to prepare me for that um so I'm just going to be focused on building up my social profiles I got some marketing ideas that I need to get out on paper and start planning out we want to do some more photo shoots we need more professional pictures of the team picking up some more some more shirts long sleeve shirts and hoodies to prepare for the cold season I want my guys to to be warm out there when they're working jobs because we work in the winter um it's it's it's rare that we'll cancel a job when it's snow so I just want my guys to to be fit uh fitted in you know warm clothes so we're going to do a shoot once I've I pick those pick that stuff up get get some great pictures that the guys so just really stepping up the creative side trying to step things up online um and just trying to be more consistent in areas that I'm not consistent so I just really got to be accountable and and and and and and work a little bit harder um moving forward so um that's my moving company update it's a quick one I hope everybody's working hard working spark grinding not sweating the small stuff

  Top Comments:
  1. @BeastRunner-ev5wh [1 likes]: Hey bro 
I seen your truck the other day on the 405 freeway 
I work in a moving company right now but also building my own 
any suggestions for licencing in California bro?
  2. @Movingcompanyhustle [1 likes]: If you need help moving in Denver give us a call. www.Headbandmovers.com

- 20 Tips for an ORGANIZED Moving Day: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to my channel my name is prisca Jordan and today I have 20 essential moving tips to take your move from stressful and ketotic to smooth and organized now I just recently moved for about my 20th time I've lived in eight states sometimes multiple cities within each day and sometimes multiple moves within each City so I know a thing or two about moving and these are the tips that I've just picked up over the years that are what I still use today including my most recent move to Florida as a side note I really hope to stay here for a long long time because it is a beautiful with 20 or so moves under my belt I know that these tips will help you to have a smoother transition next time it comes [Music] first and foremost let's fix the mindset around moving moving is blank how do you fill in that blank last month when I told people I was moving I get responses like moving so hard moving sucks but to me moving can actually be fun if you have the right systems in place so before we talk about systems and how to pack particular items my first tip with moving is to change your mindset around it because you have to do it so you might as well find the silver lining in it all here are three Silver Linings that I think about if you're moving it's a perfect opportunity to declutter and Purge things that you're not using in your day-to-day life secondly if you work out it's an opportunity to test your strength in a real world application and thirdly most personally to me if you've been stuck in bad habits or routines then it's a really great opportunity to reset and start new habits so right now I challenge you to list the positive opportunities that come with your upcoming move and stay focused on those all right would you recommend moving in Florida in August no way it's fantastic that was beautiful so now that we're looking for ways to make this a positive experience here's my system to keep your move organized my second tip for your move is to schedule a full month to prepare mentally and with all your stuff so seriously I recommend that you do not wait until the last two weeks or the last week to just pack all your stuff in boxes because it will be chaotic and it'll be a stressful experience more stressful than it really needs to be instead schedule activities for each week of the month living up to your big move and that brings us to what to do four weeks out before you pack a single item you need to declutter and definitely not the day before you move out see moving is certainly more stressful than like not moving so when you're stressed you're not going to be clear-headed to know whether you want to part ways with that fine china gravy dish that you've like never in your life used and that's because stress clouds your thinking so if you wait to declutter you'll probably not declutter very much and end up bringing a lot of clutter along with you so instead I recommend you start four weeks out and do it slowly here's my schedule for decluttering so four weeks out I will start decluttering one room at a time one room per day and that way if you miss a day like you only have to declutter two rooms not declutter your entire house on a Saturday so I'll write each room on a day of the week on the calendar and that's my job for the day sometimes this takes 20 minutes sometimes it takes an hour or if it's the kitchen for example so I also recommend that you do not start with your most complicated emotional decluttering project if you're very attached to your clothes but you don't wear most of them then I wouldn't start there just start with a room that's least intimidating to you foreign ly recommend making two passes with your decluttering one thorough declutter four weeks out and the other as you're packing why because sometimes there are things you don't need but it takes a little bit more convincing to part ways with and your subconscious has been working on decluttering since you started this process four weeks out and as you pack those heavy boxes this like miraculous Clarity happens that you realize I really don't need that gravy dish now if you need more help with decluttering you're in luck I just posted a video of 35 things that you can declutter before you move I'll link it at the end of this video for you to watch next now that you've spent week four decluttering we're getting into three weeks out from your big move this is when we start the packing process and I have a very good tip for you start with packing your lease used stuff first you can think of the more frivolous things like picture frames window dressings and fragile decor items these take the most care read time so you want to start that early so you're very cautious as you're packing and you can prevent things from being broken in transit because they were just sloppily thrown in a box with fragile items I like to pack pieces within pieces but this formula would only work if you use a packing material or some type of soft material so I'm packing one thing and then wrapping it up putting it inside of another wrapping it up and then putting it in another and then I shake it to make sure that there's no movement there and then to pack the moving Box start with stuffing the bottom of the box with a little bit of packing material to absorb a little bit of shock and then you want things to be very snug but not so tight that there's pressure against these fragile pieces finish off the Box by adding a little bit more packing material at the top to absorb shock and be sure to label your box fragile I like to also pack books pretty early on because I can see the boxes piling up and that feels like progress so it's an easy win now I'll go through several tips of how to pack certain items and this is going to be three weeks out two weeks out and one week out so let's get started with that some of the things you can pack very early on are your photo frames and hanging wall decor these are items you want to take more caution with when packing so you want to do this early on now how do you pack your photo frame so they don't break here's a tip I picked up on the internet and it seems to be working better for me stack them vertically up and down instead of on top of each other this allows the pressure of the weight to distribute evenly and no one single glass frame is getting all of the weight to stuff the box I'm just using old pieces of paper that came in different packages I received and some plush bath towels and that will just ensure that everything is packed in there very nicely at the end I just pick up the box and shake it a little if I hear any glass rattling around that's a problem so I'll go back in and fix that to make sure everything's nice and tight and just as a side note this is a renter friendly hack these command strips work so well I put them on painted doors painted walls it won't damage the walls unless the paint is already damaged but as you can see here it came off so smoothly so if you've never used command strips I recommend you try them out tip that will pay off in the future put all of your furniture screws in a Ziploc bag and label it accordingly and that will help you have a smooth unpacking day when you get to your next home pack your least used items in advance since you're moving and won't be hosting any large parties you won't need your serving platters you also likely won't need three machines to mix things so rifle through and figure out what can be packed this early in the process the worst case scenario is that you've packed all your potato Mashers and have to improvise how to mash potatoes with an unlikely utensil speaking of utensils I recommend wrapping your utensils in Saran Wrap so they don't fall out of their tray it also helps to protect them along a bumpy road ifty tip for how to pack plates use your Hollow containers of kitchenware like pots and you can pan these plates with bubble wrap or you can use towels bed sheets or any kind of closure packing anyway to surround the plates I typically use my towels and bed sheets for glassware and that helps me to save some costs on excess bubble wrap but it still provides an added layer of protection and just in case you're curious this is what my kitchen looked like after my first pass two weeks before we moved I left out just enough to keep us eating and having sustenance before we moved now here's what I do when I'm packing my wardrobe I want to take some time and Care packing this and honestly I'm fine with repeating outfits for the last couple of weeks I'm in a place so I pack away most of my wardrobe but I keep out about a week's worth of clothes enough that at the end of the week I can do laundry and repeat those outfits the following week so I'll leave those outfits either in a suitcase in the side of my closet or just tucked away so I know don't pack those and then pack the other 90 95 percent of my wardrobe if the idea of not having access to your entire closet conjures up feelings of fear then don't worry you are very unlikely to be invited to a white Thai State dinner at the last minute but if you think here there might be some type of going out or elegant event then just pull one outfit that you'll wear if you're invited somewhere last minute so right now things are in boxes everywhere um some things just aren't packed up so they're just kind of like this situation I have a chair as a desk right now I usually have all this stuff organized but as someone who's really organized typically my chest feels heavy from all of the stuff being out but I think packing up my closet in a very orderly fashion will help me to feel a little bit better so let me show you how I do it to pack up my wardrobe I'm going to use trash bags to protect my clothes from too much friction and that'll just help bundle them together and keep them on the hangers so I punch a hole through the bottom of the trash bag push the hanger heads through turn it upside down and tie it off I do this with all the rest of my clothes and then I'm ready to put them in the box now clothes are very heavy so I would recommend not using an extra large box like I did you'll see me struggle in a second but then I just place them in the box and it's ready to move into the truck I calculated that it would take me four of those double tall hanging wardrobe boxes to pack the hanging items that I own instead I used three short boxes which saved me a lot of room in the moving truck now if you have very nice items or you just don't want to iron or steam your clothes afterwards then I would recommend those but they're still going to be a little bit of Maintenance that has to be done once you get to your next space because I've used the Wardrobe boxes before however I've used my method several times and it's worked out every time just fine I always only have my current season wardrobe in my closet for use and I pack away the off season wardrobe so right now my fall winter clothes are packed away and not hanging up in my closet those I just transport the way they're already packed which is in vacuum sealed bags I really like these vacuum seal bags for off-season wardrobes you can stuff them under your bed you can put them in suitcases or above your closet and it's out of your way so you're not having decision fatigue for what to wear every day with clothes that aren't really viable options I'll leave the vacuum seal bags I recommend in the description box below the ones that I have are not available now because I've had them for so long but just remember that once you pack these compacted bags they're still going to be very heavy so use a smaller box or suitcase don't overload the Box speaking of suitcases I found this moving hack off of YouTube you can use your suitcase as an easier way to transport fragile or heavy items I saw one YouTuber recommending packing plates in your suitcase so that you can just roll it off if you use this tip be sure to label the suitcase either fragile or heavy or both so everybody in your Moving Team knows to take good care of it you might be thinking packing shoes that's easy you just throw them in a trash bag and call it a day but that's how your shoes end up looking visibly wonky on the other side see shoes need to retain their shape a lot of times they're either made out of leather or something that mimics the feeling of leather so they have to retain their shape and transport or they'll look misshapen for probably ever so instead of creating unnecessary wear and tear I want you to take each shoe stuff it with socks or any other kind of clothing item and then if you still have the old boxes put them in the old boxes so they're not scuffing up each other if you don't have those boxes you can use little grocery bags to make sure each one is buffered and they aren't bumping up against each other and then I just take those bags or boxes of shoes and put it in a larger box for transport this will help your shoes to stay in good condition as you're moving labeling your boxes will help anyone who is on your moving team to know how to treat the boxes that they're carrying including your spouse who blesses heart doesn't want to ask you the contents of every similar looking cardboard box label which room every box belongs in and if it's heavy or fragile or both typically I'll use shorthand like kit for kitchen or Liv for living room but this time our boxes were already pre-printed with labels so I just used a bold red marker to denote which room each box belonged in this will really make your move day go much smoother and when you're unpacking boxes instead of hauling them back and forth between rooms each box is in the correct room now let's fast forward to the week of your move these last few tips will help you to stay organized As you move and unpack in the final few days before your move you want to pack an overnight bag that will have a couple sets of clothes in your toiletries so you don't have to be rifling through boxes while you're trying to pack all the boxes I like to unpack at least two days worth so that's one less thing I have to think about as I'm dog tired from lifting so many heavy boxes and the next bag to pack is what I call the not hot bag it's the stuff that you don't want to get overheated in the moving truck so I actually had a box of this stuff I ended up using my portable cooler to keep my supplements vitamins any toiletries that I didn't want to get overheated and some other items like our laptops and house plants which I just kept on the seat in our truck as a side note it's best to clue in the people who are helping you move that this is a bag you don't want just shoved in the back of the moving truck that way you're not packing and repacking the whole thing not that I've ever done that another very useful tip for a seamless unpacking is to create a first to unload box you're going to want to put toilet paper in there some hand soap your box cutters your coffee pot if like me you're kind of addicted and have to have it in the mornings to even wake up and some hand tools for things like assembling your bed basically anything you need for the first few days you remove to keep the process flowing that's what you want in your first to unload box the last moving tip is for the final moments before you say goodbye to your old home I hope there were a lot of good times maybe some bad times that grew your resiliency and certainly beautiful souls you met along your journey take a pause to reflect on what you've experienced the things you're grateful for and say thank you to the people who have been in your corner the entire time let me know if you enjoyed this video by hitting the like button and while you're down there leave a comment with your best moving tip I'm hoping next week's video will be a full tour of our condo the decorating is in process but if you're interested in that be sure to subscribe to my channel and I will see you next week until then take care

  Top Comments:
  1. @PriskaJordan [100 likes]: This whole moving process was fun to document. 😊 What other home topics would you like to see?
  2. @alexb7336 [1 likes]: I just know I’m gonna cry when I move. 
I’m so ready because the home that I’m in just carries a lot of heavy memories and more negative than positive. 
But there has been some wonderful moments as well. 
I still love the house and I still love the layout and I still love the look of it and I still love living high up. But I’m ready to leave the condo, and I’m ready to leave these awful bullying neighbors. 😅
Really glad that this is happening after a break up. Will help a ton. 
So many blessings to people who are moving as of now. ❤ 
Take it easy & move with care!
  3. @carolinestrickland8739: Give a girl a warning that you’re gonna make me cry in the last 10 seconds 😭🖤
  4. @ignitethefireinside: Finding a place to live in Florida is like walking through the seven gates of hell! I've never seen anything like it in my life. I moved here from Michigan, and we bought a trailer, but now we want to move to Cape Coral and buy a house. We are renting for the next two years while we work on our credit. Finding a rental in Florida is an insane journey.
  5. @Icewing10: Fun fact: don't buy any fragile items and you won't have to pack them.   Do you know where the best place to buy boxes since you moved so much or did you only get from Lowes?
  6. @crystalroseyall: Ummmm, yeah....that last one literally has me crying right now😭😭😭 Totally did not expect that!!! Definitely going to miss this place, but looking forward to the next adventure❤️
  7. @KevincitoHF: What’s your strategy to pack big items that don’t fit in boxes?
  8. @pinkfurryhat: use clothes and towels to save space and materials
  9. @Sharp2006: Im packing up a dorm room, and I have like 6 days to do it. the weekends coming so I might be fine
  10. @simplyshantey: 2 weeks out-been "prepping" ish since January and now its go time. Love all the extra tips, have moved a lot and so far this is the least stressful one. Have been rotating rooms, clean, post items for sale, donation box and pack what i dont need. Just spending 20-30 minutes a day on each room. <3
  11. @GoddessLove4: Crazy I woke up to this video and  it’s two different U-Haul trucks outside my window..  IM MOVING. 🎉
  12. @trinitylace1101: Thank you! We’re moving from IL to OH and our last move was hectic 😥
  13. @lilybecerra2035: ❤❤❤❤
  14. @JohannaDreyer-l5f: The one thing I didn’t see was when packing boxes you kind of have to be firm at the top and in the corners because when you put another box on top they can squash down.  Something I learnt with the big tea chests I’ve been filling. 
18 big boxes coming out of a one bedroom flat and still loading up.
Can’t move…
Cheers
Self confessed hoarder from Australia
  15. @SeldimSeen1: Great ideas. I am definitely going to use them.
  16. @Roadanyh6l: Buy two low cost Dollie’s to roll furniture out instead of lifting it.
  17. @Thatsoshanitraa: Great video !
  18. @thadubstepmastaa9177: Not me watching this THE DAY OF THE MOVE 😂
  19. @lashad6122: Excellent video!  Your style and humor are a perfect mix.  Thank you for sharing this, it has really helped me with our upcoming move.
  20. @sulakshanasirur: Thanks for this video. Very useful. I will use ur tip on using garbage bags for packing clothes

- ✨ Movers of Light (Muscles) – Love Letters to the Body: Kind: captions Language: en To every muscle that’s carried me…&nbsp; every place that tightened to protect me… every place that softened to hold me…&nbsp; thank you. You are my movers of light. Quiet strength beneath my skin, you lift me up again and again.&nbsp; You hold my posture, guide my way, help me stand through each new day.&nbsp; Every stretch and every strain, you rise with me through joy and pain. I thank you… I love you…&nbsp; for everything you silently do. Muscles of courage…&nbsp; muscles of grace… you carry the light in this sacred space. You’ve guarded me when fear was near, held tension for me year by year.&nbsp; You listened to emotions stored, the weight of what I once ignored.&nbsp; Yet still you move, yet still you flow, a steady strength I’ve come to know. You don’t ask for praise…&nbsp; you don’t ask for rest… and yet you deserve&nbsp; both. Breathe easy now…&nbsp; release what you’ve held… you are safe…&nbsp; you are supported… you can let go. Thank you for every step…&nbsp; every reach… every embrace.&nbsp; You move my life forward… you hold light in motion…&nbsp; and I honor you now with love.

- Brownsville McAllen moving movers keeping it organized ! Think love and learn  micro managing: Kind: captions Language: en good morning this is Anthony with South Texas strong movers and unreal daily and today we're basically gonna talk about something real quick today we're talking about keeping it clean when you're doing your your movie and so basically what about fat is when you get to someone's house idiot the small stuff that's the killer stuff putting the wrong high so we got loose end stuff like this loose end stuff you got things that look like this and basically what you want to do is when you get to it when you get to a house or location you have to make sure that none of that stuff is there and the reason why is because it's all the most of its gonna kill you me trying to put this into a box or trying to tell the customer organizes me a little bit nuts there's a lot of time wasted a lot of time in and kind of just stuff doing their little things that are not necessary rule of thumb it's not in a box it doesn't go in a truck that's kind of just the way it rolls it's just it's just more of a hassle to try to like micromanage every single little thing that happens in the movie when you're in someone's house I recommend when you definitely you know get a contract going like I recommended in one of my other videos to put that in the contract that once the boxes are loaded that's pretty much it there's a balance between being a nice guy and them taking advantage of use to remember that sometimes people that enjoy using moving services or are using moving services don't don't understand the the the downtime you know the things that cause downtime I recommend I recommend calling them beforehand the day before so they don't know hey you know make sure everything's in a box we want to get in and out of there as quick as possible if you charge by the hour it's even better for them and it's a flat-rate super gift for you if it's a flat remember to get crazy on your contract now recommend that you charge for assembly in this assembly and that you charge for all long walks that you charge for pretty much anything that has to deal with picking up a box of picking up a piece of furniture put it in the truck that's pretty much it it's been a good day today I'm gonna get to picking up this house which is my place and getting it to organize myself I like to I like to work the way I live it's one of the foundations or principles of leadership pretty good book and we'll see y'all tomorrow thanks

- A Simple Way to Break a Bad Habit | Judson Brewer | TED: Kind: captions Language: en When I was first learning to meditate, the instruction was to simply pay attention to my breath, and when my mind wandered, to bring it back. Sounded simple enough. Yet I'd sit on these silent retreats, sweating through T-shirts in the middle of winter. I'd take naps every chance I got because it was really hard work. Actually, it was exhausting. The instruction was simple enough but I was missing something really important. So why is it so hard to pay attention? Well, studies show that even when we're really trying to pay attention to something -- like maybe this talk -- at some point, about half of us will drift off into a daydream, or have this urge to check our Twitter feed. So what's going on here? It turns out that we're fighting one of the most evolutionarily-conserved learning processes currently known in science, one that's conserved back to the most basic nervous systems known to man. This reward-based learning process is called positive and negative reinforcement, and basically goes like this. We see some food that looks good, our brain says, "Calories! ... Survival!" We eat the food, we taste it -- it tastes good. And especially with sugar, our bodies send a signal to our brain that says, "Remember what you're eating and where you found it." We lay down this context-dependent memory and learn to repeat the process next time. See food, eat food, feel good, repeat. Trigger, behavior, reward. Simple, right? Well, after a while, our creative brains say, "You know what? You can use this for more than just remembering where food is. You know, next time you feel bad, why don't you try eating something good so you'll feel better?" We thank our brains for the great idea, try this and quickly learn that if we eat chocolate or ice cream when we're mad or sad, we feel better. Same process, just a different trigger. Instead of this hunger signal coming from our stomach, this emotional signal -- feeling sad -- triggers that urge to eat. Maybe in our teenage years, we were a nerd at school, and we see those rebel kids outside smoking and we think, "Hey, I want to be cool." So we start smoking. The Marlboro Man wasn't a dork, and that was no accident. See cool, smoke to be cool, feel good. Repeat. And each time we do this, we learn to repeat the process and it becomes a habit. So later, feeling stressed out triggers that urge to smoke a cigarette or to eat something sweet. Now, with these same brain processes, we've gone from learning to survive to literally killing ourselves with these habits. Obesity and smoking are among the leading preventable causes of morbidity and mortality in the world. So back to my breath. What if instead of fighting our brains, or trying to force ourselves to pay attention, we instead tapped into this natural, reward-based learning process ... but added a twist? What if instead we just got really curious about what was happening in our momentary experience? I'll give you an example. In my lab, we studied whether mindfulness training could help people quit smoking. Now, just like trying to force myself to pay attention to my breath, they could try to force themselves to quit smoking. And the majority of them had tried this before and failed -- on average, six times. Now, with mindfulness training, we dropped the bit about forcing and instead focused on being curious. In fact, we even told them to smoke. What? Yeah, we said, "Go ahead and smoke, just be really curious about what it's like when you do." And what did they notice? Well here's an example from one of our smokers. She said, "Mindful smoking: smells like stinky cheese and tastes like chemicals, YUCK!" Now, she knew, cognitively that smoking was bad for her, that's why she joined our program. What she discovered just by being curiously aware when she smoked was that smoking tastes like shit. (Laughter) Now, she moved from knowledge to wisdom. She moved from knowing in her head that smoking was bad for her to knowing it in her bones, and the spell of smoking was broken. She started to become disenchanted with her behavior. Now, the prefrontal cortex, that youngest part of our brain from an evolutionary perspective, it understands on an intellectual level that we shouldn't smoke. And it tries its hardest to help us change our behavior, to help us stop smoking, to help us stop eating that second, that third, that fourth cookie. We call this cognitive control. We're using cognition to control our behavior. Unfortunately, this is also the first part of our brain that goes offline when we get stressed out, which isn't that helpful. Now, we can all relate to this in our own experience. We're much more likely to do things like yell at our spouse or kids when we're stressed out or tired, even though we know it's not going to be helpful. We just can't help ourselves. When the prefrontal cortex goes offline, we fall back into our old habits, which is why this disenchantment is so important. Seeing what we get from our habits helps us understand them at a deeper level -- to know it in our bones so we don't have to force ourselves to hold back or restrain ourselves from behavior. We're just less interested in doing it in the first place. And this is what mindfulness is all about: Seeing really clearly what we get when we get caught up in our behaviors, becoming disenchanted on a visceral level and from this disenchanted stance, naturally letting go. This isn't to say that, poof, magically we quit smoking. But over time, as we learn to see more and more clearly the results of our actions, we let go of old habits and form new ones. The paradox here is that mindfulness is just about being really interested in getting close and personal with what's actually happening in our bodies and minds from moment to moment. This willingness to turn toward our experience rather than trying to make unpleasant cravings go away as quickly as possible. And this willingness is supported by curiosity, which is naturally rewarding. What does curiosity feel like? It feels good. And what happens when we get curious? We start to notice that cravings are simply made up of body sensations -- oh, there's tightness, there's tension, there's restlessness -- and that these body sensations come and go. These are bite-size pieces of experiences that we can manage from moment to moment rather than getting clobbered by this huge, scary craving that we choke on. In other words, when we get curious, we step out of our old, fear-based, reactive habit patterns, and we step into being. We become this inner scientist where we're eagerly awaiting that next data point. Now, this might sound too simplistic to affect behavior. But in one study, we found that mindfulness training was twice as good as gold standard therapy at helping people quit smoking. So it actually works. And when we studied the brains of experienced meditators, we found that parts of a neural network of self-referential processing called the default mode network were at play. Now, one current hypothesis is that a region of this network, called the posterior cingulate cortex, is activated not necessarily by craving itself but when we get caught up in it, when we get sucked in, and it takes us for a ride. In contrast, when we let go -- step out of the process just by being curiously aware of what's happening -- this same brain region quiets down. Now we're testing app and online-based mindfulness training programs that target these core mechanisms and, ironically, use the same technology that's driving us to distraction to help us step out of our unhealthy habit patterns of smoking, of stress eating and other addictive behaviors. Now, remember that bit about context-dependent memory? We can deliver these tools to peoples' fingertips in the contexts that matter most. So we can help them tap into their inherent capacity to be curiously aware right when that urge to smoke or stress eat or whatever arises. So if you don't smoke or stress eat, maybe the next time you feel this urge to check your email when you're bored, or you're trying to distract yourself from work, or maybe to compulsively respond to that text message when you're driving, see if you can tap into this natural capacity, just be curiously aware of what's happening in your body and mind in that moment. It will just be another chance to perpetuate one of our endless and exhaustive habit loops ... or step out of it. Instead of see text message, compulsively text back, feel a little bit better -- notice the urge, get curious, feel the joy of letting go and repeat. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @muhammadfahri5163 [3 likes]: anyone watching in 2026?
  2. @MysteryCookie006 [1 likes]: I didn't understand anything
  3. @BrainySparky: watching this at 12:11pm little bit drunk cause i want to change my life, i will be back to this comment after 5 years ago today is 2026 i will be back in 2031 bye
  4. @andofif: Thank you for the advice. I'm 15 years old and preparing for my entrance exams, and currently I'm addicted to short videos; I watch them for hours and find it hard to concentrate on my studies. So after watching this video, I've been trying to break that bad habit.
  5. @modather15-p9i: Bad habit lead me to this video😂
  6. @LoicBafort: Could this also work the other way around, where instead of being less interested, you actually become more interested and fascinated by the ins and outs of the addiction or the bad habit?
  7. @azlanidris1977: Btw, i’m smoked and got it here. Damnn
  8. @Skeleton9999-y7u: I promise my self to my entire life never watch movies, never open Movierulz, cinema releated stuff, celebraties, nonsense on youtube 
I'm promise my 18 years self on 20-04-26
And comeback again on new year 2027 and I will say I quit my addiction
  9. @samalidinushika9206: ❤
  10. @vanisamaroo: i like the part you say im not quitting smoking im gaining health
  11. @0hmy_G0DZ: Really engaging content kept me interested from start to finish!
  12. @Vaijayantik: 2026 - how to quit addiction to Instagram 😂
  13. @CrazyMJJ: I love this video i think i will try this
  14. @vidhyas.3613: How to get rid of procrastination?
  15. @김창호-s8c4s: I can’t believe how helpful this was, amazing job!
  16. @SMD24: Title wise, well I'm not majorly toxic/ghetto as well but from being exposed in a situation with some moderate similarities, there's some enjoyment that comes out of the experience, the downfall is as a whole were not complete. Anyways, from being exposed there's good strengths depending on the scenario but the tragedy is lack of exposure for ghettos within a discomfort. Anyways, I think what happens from being exposed to a ghetto or anyone you gain insight but the struggle is finding who you are as a whole and me I multitasked with obsessed political pple annoyingly/adapt, nonsocial media pple,phd without a degree, toxic ghetto and for me is how could I express myself as a whole if a toxic ghetto or a political person cant get along with issues/faults on both ends same with a phd without a degree as well or local musicians. History wise/politics/presidency, well I side with a ghetto and we don't need to read but we can see the obvious of a situation  where others can't and thats what happens of being sheldon cooper politically and inclined
  17. @Roadrunner-k7q: damn bit of a tough crowd but great talk!
  18. @Naman2.0-h9t: Who’s here in 2026
  19. @TC-mr6zg: Jibberish
  20. @mfahmijrs: I wonder if this method can save me from PMO? Let's see, I'll try it now

- Why Bad Habits Stick (and How to Finally Break Free): Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever told yourself "Okay this is the&nbsp; last time." And then found yourself doing that&nbsp;&nbsp; very thing again the next day? Whether it's&nbsp; scrolling late at night, snacking when you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not even hungry, or checking your phone every&nbsp; few minutes bad habits have a way of pulling&nbsp;&nbsp; us back in and it's frustrating because you know&nbsp; what you need to do but somehow it just doesn't&nbsp;&nbsp; stick. I'm Dr dr tracy Marx a psychiatrist and I&nbsp; make mental health education videos to help you&nbsp;&nbsp; strengthen your mind, fortify your brain, and build&nbsp; resilience. Today, we're going to talk about why bad&nbsp;&nbsp; habits are so hard to break, and more importantly, how to actually overcome them because here's the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing, breaking bad habits is about understanding&nbsp; how your brain is wired and once you get that you&nbsp;&nbsp; can start working with your brain instead of&nbsp; constantly fighting against it. Let me start by&nbsp;&nbsp; debunking a few common myths about habit change. Myth number one, I just need more willpower. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; a common belief that breaking a habit is simply&nbsp; about having more self-control but here's what&nbsp;&nbsp; the science actually shows. Willpower is unreliable, some days you have plenty of it and other days it&nbsp;&nbsp; just disappears without any warning. Neurologically&nbsp; willpower lives in your prefrontal cortex, the part&nbsp;&nbsp; of your brain responsible for planning impulse&nbsp; control and decision-making but habits especially&nbsp;&nbsp; the ones that feel automatic are stored in the&nbsp; basil ganglia, your brain's autopilot system so&nbsp;&nbsp; when you try to override a deeply ingrained habit&nbsp; by sheer force, you're asking your conscious brain&nbsp;&nbsp; to fight an automatic system that's faster older&nbsp; and stronger and in a high stress decision-heavy&nbsp;&nbsp; day, the automatic system usually wins. That's why&nbsp; changing your environment is more effective than&nbsp;&nbsp; relying on motivation alone. If you want to&nbsp; stop checking your phone, put it in another&nbsp;&nbsp; room. If you don't want to eat so much sugar, don't&nbsp; keep it in the house or don't have it within easy&nbsp;&nbsp; reach. Small adjustments in your surroundings&nbsp; can remove friction and help your brain make&nbsp;&nbsp; better choices without needing to power through&nbsp; every time. Myth number two, if I know it's bad&nbsp;&nbsp; for me, I should be able to stop. This one feels&nbsp; logical, if you know something isn't good for&nbsp;&nbsp; you, why would you keep doing it? There's a&nbsp; huge disconnect between rational knowledge&nbsp;&nbsp; and automatic behavior so even though you may&nbsp; logically understand that smoking, procrastinating, or binge watching until 2:00 a.m is harmful, your&nbsp; brain isn't weighing these risks in the moment. The reality is your brain prioritizes immediate&nbsp; rewards over long-term benefits when you're faced&nbsp;&nbsp; with the choice between the immediate pleasure of&nbsp; a bad habit and the delayed benefit of not doing&nbsp;&nbsp; it, your brain's reward system heavily relies or&nbsp; heavily favors the here and now. What's in it for&nbsp;&nbsp; me now? This is why behavior change often requires&nbsp; outsmarting your reward system. Myth number three, I just need to eliminate this habit completely.&nbsp; Sounds good in theory, right, just stop doing the&nbsp;&nbsp; thing cut it off at the root but that's not&nbsp; how the brain works habits are built around&nbsp;&nbsp; wellwarned neural pathways that expect a certain&nbsp; reward, often triggered by a specific time place or&nbsp;&nbsp; emotion. If you simply try to remove the behavior, your brain is still left craving the reward that&nbsp;&nbsp; it was anticipating so substitution is a far more&nbsp; effective than elimination. So take this example,&nbsp;&nbsp; let's say you have a habit of pouring a glass of&nbsp; wine as soon as you finish work. That ritual isn't&nbsp;&nbsp; just about the drink or the alcohol, it's about the&nbsp; shift from work mode to relaxation. If you try and&nbsp;&nbsp; cut out the wine without replacing the ritual, your&nbsp; brain still feels like it's missing something but&nbsp;&nbsp; if you replace the wine with a non-alcoholic&nbsp; drink in a nice glass, change your clothes and&nbsp;&nbsp; sit in a different chair, you're giving your brain&nbsp; a new routine that still signals the workday is&nbsp;&nbsp; over and now I can unwind. The cue and the reward need to stay the same but the behavior changes. And&nbsp;&nbsp; that's the key, it's not just about stopping the&nbsp; habit, it's about rerouting it in a way that still&nbsp;&nbsp; feels satisfying for your brain. Now let's go a&nbsp; little deeper because behind every behavior is an&nbsp;&nbsp; identity and this brings us to the identity trap.&nbsp; Many of us have self-concepts built around our&nbsp;&nbsp; habits, we say things like "I'm a night owl" "I'm an&nbsp; emotional eater," "I'm terrible with routines." These&nbsp;&nbsp; identity statements feel like honest descriptions&nbsp; of yourself but they're more than that. They're&nbsp;&nbsp; prescriptions for future behavior. When&nbsp; you label yourself as someone who always&nbsp;&nbsp; procrastinates, you're unconsciously giving&nbsp; yourself permission to keep procrastinating,&nbsp; your brain works to maintain consistency between&nbsp; your actions and your self-image so what can you&nbsp;&nbsp; do instead? You reframe the identity and update&nbsp; your self-concept. Instead of saying, "I'm a night&nbsp;&nbsp; owl," try "I've gotten used to staying up late&nbsp; but I'm learning how to protect my sleep."&nbsp;&nbsp; Instead of "I have no self-control," try "I'm&nbsp; practicing better decision-making in the moment."&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a subtle shift but it matters because&nbsp; when you change your identity narrative, your&nbsp;&nbsp; behavior begins to align with that new story.&nbsp; If you want to do deeper work on your narrative&nbsp;&nbsp; identity, take a look at my workbook called Unlock&nbsp; Your Story Digital Workbook, it can help you&nbsp;&nbsp; identify some of the stories that you tell&nbsp; yourself and understand how you view the world. It's a digital download that you get immediately&nbsp; and not a physical book. I'll have it linked to&nbsp;&nbsp; this video. Another major factor keeping bad&nbsp; habits alive is cognitive distortions. Those&nbsp;&nbsp; sneaky thought patterns that justify continuing&nbsp; the behavior that you're trying to stop. One of the&nbsp;&nbsp; most common is the "Just this once" rationalization. Your brain is incredibly persuasive when it wants&nbsp;&nbsp; something convincing you that one exception won't&nbsp; matter in the grand scheme of things but here's&nbsp;&nbsp; what's happening on a neural level. Each time you&nbsp; make an exception, you're actually reinforcing the&nbsp;&nbsp; habit loop rather than breaking it. You're telling&nbsp; your brain that the rule isn't absolute, making it&nbsp;&nbsp; easier to make exceptions again in the future. "All&nbsp; or nothing thinking" is another distortion that&nbsp;&nbsp; sabotages habit change. When you slip up once and&nbsp; think "Well I've ruined my streak so I might as&nbsp;&nbsp; well just give up completely." You're falling&nbsp; prey to perfectionism, your brain likes clear&nbsp;&nbsp; categories but real habit change is rarely&nbsp; a perfect linear process. Then there's "false&nbsp;&nbsp; permission giving," creating believable excuses&nbsp; to indulge. "I had a hard day so I deserve this,"&nbsp;&nbsp; or "I'll start fresh on Monday," "Everyone else&nbsp; is doing it," these thoughts feel reasonable in&nbsp;&nbsp; the moment but they're just your brain's way of&nbsp; getting what it wants. Learning to recognize these&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking patterns gives you power over them, When&nbsp; you catch yourself saying, "just this once," pause&nbsp;&nbsp; and ask "Is this thought helping me become who&nbsp; I want to be?" This creates space between the&nbsp;&nbsp; urge and the action allowing your prefrontal&nbsp; cortex to engage before your automatic habit takes&nbsp;&nbsp; over. Now, let's move from theory to practice. I'm&nbsp; going to give you five sciencebacked strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; to help you rewire your brain and give you a&nbsp; better chance at long-term habit change. Number&nbsp;&nbsp; one, Environmental design. Make the habit harder&nbsp; to do, add friction, want to stop doom scrolling, delete the app, or log out, so it takes longer to&nbsp; access. Want to cut back on snacking, store treats&nbsp;&nbsp; in a cabinet that's harder to reach. Even small&nbsp; changes like these can interrupt the automatic&nbsp;&nbsp; loop. Next is implementation intentions, these are&nbsp; specific if then plans for handling habit triggers. If I feel stressed, then I'll take these three&nbsp; deep breaths instead of checking my phone. If I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; tempted to procrastinate, then I'll work for just&nbsp; 5 minutes before deciding if I'm going to continue.&nbsp;&nbsp; Research shows that having these concrete&nbsp; plans, give your mind structure and increase&nbsp;&nbsp; follow-through. Number three, the replacement rule.&nbsp; Swap the old habit, for a new behavior, and decide&nbsp;&nbsp; in advance what it's going to be. So this takes&nbsp; some pre-planning, the replacement should satisfy&nbsp;&nbsp; the same underlying need. For example, if you stress&nbsp; eat for comfort, perhaps a short meditation could&nbsp;&nbsp; provide similar relief or if the need is self&nbsp; soothing by putting something in your mouth try&nbsp;&nbsp; sipping herbal tea while mindfully observing your&nbsp; environment and using all your senses. Number four,&nbsp;&nbsp; habit stacking, link a new behavior to an existing&nbsp; routine. After I make my coffee, I'll write down my&nbsp;&nbsp; priorities for the day or after brushing my teeth,&nbsp; I'll stretch for one minute. You're using what's&nbsp;&nbsp; already automatic to make something new easier&nbsp; to remember and Number five, the 10-minute rule.&nbsp;&nbsp; When a craving hits, tell yourself "I'll wait 10&nbsp; minutes." Most urges lose their intensity with&nbsp;&nbsp; time, this gives your rational brain space to&nbsp; catch up and regain control. Finally, let's talk&nbsp;&nbsp; about setbacks, because they will happen. Relapse, isn't failure it's feedback. Your brain is in the&nbsp;&nbsp; process of rewiring, every time you return to the&nbsp; new behavior after you slip, you're strengthening&nbsp;&nbsp; the right pathway. It's the return, not the mistake&nbsp; that builds resilience. Instead of seeing a lapse&nbsp;&nbsp; as proof that you failed, treat it like data&nbsp; what triggered it? what thought patterns were&nbsp;&nbsp; active? what can you do differently next time?&nbsp; even just asking those questions puts you in&nbsp;&nbsp; a learning mindset and that's where real change&nbsp; happens. Let's quickly recap breaking bad habits is&nbsp;&nbsp; not about moral strength it's about the following:&nbsp; understanding your brain's wiring, recognizing the&nbsp;&nbsp; identity stories you tell yourself, noticing the&nbsp; thought distortions that justify the behavior, and&nbsp;&nbsp; using practical tools like habit substitution&nbsp; implementation plans and environmental tweaks. In the next video, we're going to shift gears a&nbsp; little bit and talk about how to build positive&nbsp;&nbsp; habits that actually stick and how to make&nbsp; them feel natural instead of forced but&nbsp;&nbsp; for now, here's your action step: think about one&nbsp; bad habit that you've been trying to change and&nbsp;&nbsp; identify the cognitive distortion that you most&nbsp; often use to justify it. Is it "just this once" or&nbsp;&nbsp; is it "I'll start Monday" write it down and then&nbsp; start noticing when it comes up and that awareness&nbsp;&nbsp; alone help begins to weaken its grip. Thanks for&nbsp; watching today, I'll see you in the next video!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MikeJackson690 [1 likes]: Some may laugh at this kind of thing, but stopping a habit is so so difficult. I'm really fed up of mine. 2 days ago was "the last time" and that was "the last time" 20 times ago.
  2. @teodescartes1771 [1 likes]: Dr. Marks here changing my life for the better ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  3. @Ma-ic2dk: I'm snacking on chips while playing roblox instead of getting up, cleaning my room and studying. why am I doing this.
  4. @khaylebramos2541: I feel like changing the chain of thought with big phrases is unrealistic
  5. @khaylebramos2541: The difference between stopping a dam and rerouting the water
  6. @LeftToeMaster3000: bless your heart. thank you.
  7. @valentine601: Thanks Dr. Mark's great information. The visuals and pace of your delivery made it so much more helpful and easier to understand. I grew up in a chaotic environment and I'm working to unlearn bad habits and create a better life for myself and family.
  8. @deathbestowerx2577: Great content, subbed!
  9. @PhantoMace2012: What impacted me the most:
“Relapse isnt failure, it’s FEEDBACK.
Its the RETURN, not the mistake, that builds resilience.”
  10. @gamerkilla2217: Feeling like my correlation are on x games mode
  11. @jimwilkey7294: I have followed Dr Tracy for years.  Her delivery is top notch and actually had an amazing effect.  This video was a (10) for sure!
  12. @JJKZ_EDITZX: I BITE MY TOUNGE ITS A BAD HABIT
  13. @Vaishnav-wn1nc: Great video
  14. @ricsantos8969: Just came across this, thank you for this video!
  15. @LaurieAsselstine-r3o: Yes bad habits please get out
  16. @DillonNora-j1n: This is exactly what I’ve been searching for!
  17. @joeker6220: If your dopamine baseline down as much as the Mariana trench you need to face discomfort you need to face pain in order to recover. Take the pain it wont be forever. Cigarette, caffeine i quit them and recovered in less than 3weeks
  18. @frederickduncan9517: Love your videos!
  19. @MohammadRezaAnsari-144: This was a great and helpful video,thanks❤
  20. @prakaschavdree6967: I have habit of eating mitti I want to leave it

- Change Your Body & Your Life in 1 Month: 4 Small Habits That Actually Work: Kind: captions Language: en these days people are struggling with fatigue they don't have energy they're struggling with motivation they can't sleep they're feeling chronically stressed this is affecting their physical health their weight the way that they feel about themselves we have to understand that these modern lives and the way in which we're leading them is resulting in us being sick I don't care how bad you think your life is I absolutely believe in you because I've seen people in the darkest places change their life time and time again so I know it's possible for each and every individual if you make changes in four key areas of your life you can have a profound impact on so many different aspects of your health and those four things are what I call the four pillars y food movements sleep stop that is something that everybody needs to hear if you don't change now when will [Music] you hey it's your friend Mel and welcome to the Mel Robins podcast I am so excited that you're listening to this episode I mean first of all it's always an honor to be able to spend time with you and be together and if you're a new listener I just want to take a moment and welcome you to the Mel Robins podcast family I am so glad that you're here and because you made the time to listen to this particular episode here's what I know I know you're the type of person who truly values your health and you value the health and happiness of the people that you care about and if you're listening because somebody shared this with you how awesome is that I mean that means that you have people around you who care about you and so that's so cool they want you to feel more energized happy and healthy in your life and that means you're in the right place so good job hit and plan this episode because today you have an appointment with Europe's number one doctor Dr rangan chattergy Dr chattergy is a British physician he's a best-selling author a medical expert for the BBC and host of Europe's number one Health and Wellness podcast and he's also the author of the brand new best-selling book make change that lasts and if you're watching on YouTube you can see that I have taged this book because it is full of gems we are going to be unpacking today he is taking 20 years of clinical experience and Distilling it into the four steps you need to take to feel better to live better and to take back control of your health so please help me welcome the amazing Dr chatterie to the Mel Robbins podcast I am so excited for this conversation Dr chatterie I cannot thank you enough for traveling 3,000 miles to sit down and be here with me and the person that is with us right now it's my pleasure M I'm a huge fan of what you do the way you're impacting people all over the world so I can't wait for this conversation well you know what I love about you as a doctor as a bestselling author you have this obsession with making things that feel overwhelming as simple as it can be and I'm so excited for you to really share this gift that you have of taking the overwhelming topic of living a healthier and a happier life and truly simplifying it for me and for the person that is listening and that's going to share this with somebody it's not as hard as we think it is Mel you know when we think about improving Our lives our health our happiness our relationships those things aren't quite as separate as we often think I I think those three things are all absolutely interl and my entire career yes with my patience but over the past 10 years with my public platform whether it's with my books or my podcast I'm always trying to think about simplification how can you translate this idea for a busy person who doesn't feel as though they've got time who feels that health is too confusing and they feel it's too complicated how can I get get through to that individual that's what I've really enjoyed doing my entire career as a doct but I also enjoy doing it through media platforms like this one well I can't wait to learn from you today and I would love to start by having you talk directly to the person that's listening and explain what could they experience if they really take to heart everything you're about to pour into us the research your experience as a physician everything that you've learned in researching and writing six books what could change about your life I think people are going to find that they have more energy more focus more motivation better physical health better mental health happiness inner calm better relationships because actually the key principles the key ingredients to all of these things they're really not as complicated as people think really yeah they in my view cuz already the list Dr chattergy I'm like oh my God that's a lot I don't even know if I can remember all this so like it's really not that compli yeah well well through this conversation hopefully people will learn it's yes I'm not saying change is easy y but it can be simple right if you understand the key ingredients to change and you start applying them into your daily life and I'm a busy guy like I'm a dad I've got two children I help care for my elderly mother who lives 5 minutes away from me I have a busy job I know what it's like to feel busy and feel as if you don't have time to do the things that you want to do but there is always a way to make time I've done it for years with my patients and I hope to show your audience smell on this program today that they can also do it well I'm excited because here's what I know the person that is listening right now whether they've taken you and me on a walk with them or we're sitting in the car with them or at their house or at work or the person that received this conversation from a friend they actually found the time because they care about their health and I'm sure as you're listening you probably feel the same way I do which is I'm so even though I sit down with you know World rown experts like you I'm like wait a minute should I do keto am I supposed to fast like am I exercising am I weight training am I sleeping am I meditating do I get my morning light in and it becomes so overwhelming that I think it's easy to start and then feel dis discouraged and so maybe where we should start is as a doctor what are just the most common health struggles that you hear over and over from your patients and from your Global audience I think these days people are struggling with fatigue they don't have energy they're struggling with motivation they can't sleep they're feeling chronically stressed this is affecting their physical health their weight the way that they feel about themselves it's also impacting their mental Al well-being how they see themselves how they see the world around them but what a lot of people don't realize m is that the health landscape in the United States in the UK and frankly most countries around the world has dramatically changed over the past 20 or 30 years okay we used to see what I call acute problems okay so 30 40 years ago the medical system was really well set up for the problems that people came in with so you'd come in and say Hey doctor I've got a cough um I've got a fever I'm bringing up a lot of sputum and the doctor would see you for 10 or 15 minutes examine you give you a diagnosis give you a pill and say take this three times a day for seven days and hey Presto seven days later your problem's gone away right I call that a zpack right you know like I'm like I need antibiotics doc yeah and it work beautifully well for those kinds of problems but today m 8 to 90% of what we as medical doctors see is in some way related to our Collective modern Lifestyles okay now let me be really clear I am not putting blame on anyone the person who's listening right now I am not putting blame on you okay I understand that life is tough that people feel stressed they don't have the energy I do understand all those things at the same time we have to understand that these modern lives and the way in which we're leading them is is resulting in us being sick okay and so I was very much trained the model where you try and diagnose a patient when they come in and give them a treatment which is usually a pharmaceutical treatment right now that can have value but what a lot of people still don't realize is that if you make changes in four key areas of your life you can have a profound impact on so many different aspects of your health and those four things are what call the four pillars yep food movements sleep and relaxation so let me just make sure the person got exactly what you said so you're saying that the landscape of health and medicine has changed dramatically in the last 20 years and that you used to 20 years ago have a situation where people would come in with an acute illness or problem or Health Challenge you address it we're good we're back on track what you're seeing now is the impact of how we are living and the stress that we are feeling and the foods that we're consuming and that as a medical doctor and in the current health system we're not actually addressing the root cause or potentially addressing four more simple things that are within our control that would have a positive impact on you and your life no matter what you're facing so like if the person listening has a cancer diagnosis if the person listening is dealing with a metabolic disorder or uh early onset of diabetes these four pillars that you're talking about are still things that as a medical doctor you're like let's just start here in addition to everything else well not being a medical doctor for over 23 years I've seen tens of thousands of patients and I just cannot emphasize this enough ask yourself which of these four pillars do I need the most work in food movement sleep or relaxation and no matter what it is that you're dealing with right now you're going to ask us let's just talk about food movement sleep and relaxation yeah now Mel there's a key Point here okay so when we talk about our lifestyle we often talk about it through the lens of prevention okay yeah yeah you know it's important to pay attention to all LIF we want to prevent getting sick in the future now I agree with that but what people forget or they miss or they don't understand is that lifestyle can be part of the treatment as well hold on I got to make sure that we highlight that so your lifestyle on some of the changes you can make starting today can be part of the treatment for any health issue and it's part of the road map for you feeling better lowering your stress and being healthier Yeah you mentioned a few uh different um conditions there you even mentioned cancer right yes let's be really clear on this I'm not saying that it's only lifestyle right you may be under an oncologist and be undergoing treatment but even if you are paying attention to your lifestyle is going to help you manage the process of going undergoing that treatment okay I love this because you're based basically saying that food movement sleep and rest are medicine 100% they're 100% medicine the problem is we're not taught to look at medicine in that way okay but I've been using those four pillars as medicine for many many years and well I had a great Fortune to do this on a big scale back in 2015 okay so back in 2015 I got my own bbc1 Prime time series called doctor in the house and I basically lived alongside families for four to 6 weeks who were sick they were already sick they already had a diagnosis they were already under doctors and on medication and in every single case I either help them reverse their condition or significantly improve it using lifestyle so and I'll tell you what happened there was a lady with type diabetes I helped to put that into mission in just 30 days what using food movement sleep and rest using these four pillars okay I helped a lady with panic attacks reduce them by 80% in just 6 weeks I had a lady with menopausal symptoms who didn't want to take hormones and we vastly reduced them in just 6 weeks using these four pillars fibromyalgia irritable bow syndrome I did all of that on Prime Time television to show people that actually it's not about blame this is the key thing here when you mention lifestyle some people will you know get defensive go what are you saying I did this to myself no no I'm not saying that what I'm saying is that your health is a combination of a number of factors yes your genetics for sure that plays a role but also the way you're living your life and often you haven't been intentional about the way you're living your life so you end up at some point with a set of symptoms but it doesn't mean that the only Sol solution for those symptoms is a pharmaceutical drug it may be it may be part of the solution but a lot of the time you can actually reverse these problems if you change your lifestyle and for me the simplest way I managed to help my patients with that is through the lens of these four pillars I love that because I can remember this food movement sleep and rest and it's almost like a simple checklist so let's go through each one of the four pillars what do you mean by food how do we turn it into health how do we turn it into medicine how do we use it to help us be healthier even as you're saying like actually reverse some of the symptoms or health things that we're challenged with yeah so one of the things I've got to make really clear is that there's no one right diet for every single person I don't want to hear that I want you to make this very simple Dr ja I I I will make it simple at the same time now I think when we believe there is one true diet all should be eating I don't think it simplifies it for us I think it complicates it and the reason it complicates it and one of the biggest problems in health and wellness today is the confusion that exists I feel it I especially feel it around what exactly to eat you know what I mean like as like as a woman versus a man now that my 50s versus my 30s I need certain amount of protein what kind of protein like should I be fasting should I not be fasting should I have electrolytes like you see what I'm saying so when I about simplification if you overly simplify you end up confusing people so I want to simplify as as far as I possibly can but then I also want to give the listener a bit of responsibility got it the the most important principle when it comes to food is as much as you possibly can have minimally processed foods as close to its natural form as possible and so what does that mean like if you explain that to an eight-year-old what does that mean I say listen let's think about one ingredient Foods okay so foods that don't have a barcode because they naturally are one ingredient so an avocado doesn't have an ingredient list it's one ingredient right a piece of fruit doesn't have an ingredient list right and so for a lot of my patients for years Mel I've been asking them to look at food labels okay and people are shocked at what happens when they look at food labels that's the starting point I think for everyone is as as much as you can because when you start eating more and more minimally processed food your hunger signals will naturally start to take care of themselves so if you're having lots of highy processed food and potato chips and the you know the modern food environment basically people are hungry all the time why are we hungry all the time if we're like eating mac and cheese and you know fish and chips or like chicken nuggets or we're just kind of doing dinner out of a box or we're ordering it to go why does that make us hung because Place Havoc with our hormones it plays havoc with our blood sugar so a lot of the things we're eating these days will Spike our blood sugar very quickly which also means it's going to come down very quickly so let's say for example you start the day with a bowl of sugary cereal which is really really common okay now depending on which one you eat but most of them pretty much fall into this category you're eating it and you feel full afterwards and your blood sugar has started to go up pretty rapidly maybe after about 2 2 hours it hits it its peak y then it starts to crash okay and then when it starts to crash it's not just a hunger issue it's a stress issue okay right what do you mean by that what I mean by that is let's say you have your um your bowl of sugary cereal at 7:00 in the morning yep and you think yeah that's going to last me till lunchtime and then at 9:30 or 10:00 whilst you're at the office you're like why am I so hungry like I've already eaten I'm like cruising through the kitchen there's a desperation it's not like just a bit of hunger that you can deal with it's no I need to eat something people go for an extra coffee the vending machine whatever it might be it's often because their blood sugar has started to drop rapidly now when your blood sugar drops rapidly think about it through an evolutionary lens that was a threat to survival a few hundred thousand years ago right if your blood sugar is dropping rapidly right you don't just feel hungry it elevates stress hormones like adrenaline and cortisol so it really is a stressor on the body that makes sense so if instead of that for example you had some eggs and some avocado these these kind of one ingredient Foods you'll find that it's it's less likely to happen yes sometimes your blood sugar will still go up but it's a bit more gentle well you know what's interesting about everything that you're saying is you say sugary cereal and I think the mistake that I used to make for years is I would think about the actual like Captain Crunch or the stuff that is marketed typ to kids that even in the marketing you know it is sugary yeah but when I started to do as you're saying like flip it over and there's 32 grams of sugar in a bowl of cereal and you're like what and so it's kind of hidden in there and I think that's also part of the thing that I didn't realize and a lot of us don't realize and I love that you're not blaming us because we fall for the marketing and then we don't look at the actual ingredient list I had a patient once um he was in his early 40s and he came in to see me and he had a bit of weight around his belly he was struggling in the day with his mood and he said doc you know I always feel like eating and there was all kinds of things going on but in essence he was starting his day with sugary cereal okay and I could track his day and his mood and his energy and his fatigue and his focus and I thought I'm pretty certain that the way he starts his day is impacting the rest of his day and he doesn't realize this okay so we did an experiment I said okay you've been starting your your days for years with this sugary bowl of cereal and you've read the marketing you think it's healthy would you be interested in doing something that I call eat dinner for breakfast and he said what do you mean I said what do you have for dinner he goes well you know I like a good uh good dinner so he was pescatarian male and he would eat salmon and roasted vegetables in the evenings I said okay could you make extra in the evening and then have the leftovers for breakfast he goes well yeah I could do that I haven't done that before I said this is just an experiment and this is a big princip of my entire approach mail I sort of I offer them to my patients as experiments not as prescriptions what I want to do is Inspire that patient to go Hey listen you know what it feels like to start your day like this right what does it feel like for you when you start your day with something else so then for the next week he literally did this and you know it would be often in the morning he'd have salmon and roasted vegetables like sweet potatoes and Brussels sprouts whatever he just one ingredient one ingredient Foods the salmon protein which is satiating okay can keep you full for longer and he came in to see me a few weeks say so he goes Dr I feel like completely different person right I'm better at work now I have more concentration more Focus I'm not actually hungry till 2: p.m. right and this is the thing people don't realize about Hunger people think they're not eating enough the sun is you eating the wrong thing which is making you hungry so literally that one change for him taught him how important it was to start his day with these one ingredient Foods and then what's so important about that male is that he is paying attention to how he feels so then what happens later is that he wants to continue doing that not because I asked him to no because something else has happened he has felt the difference and that's always been my Approach you can take alcohol right yeah or caffeine the sort of things people are always struggling with right my job with a patient has never ever been to tell them you must give up alcohol or you must give up smoking or whatever it might be my job has always been to show that person what impact it's having and so I think one of the reasons I've always had really good compliance with my patients is I don't talk down to them I seen them as equal partners and I say Hey listen I think this is what's going on why don't you experiment this way and see how that feels does does that all make sense M oh my not only does it Mak sense you've actually handed the power back to us and you have also activated this internal drive to want to feel better and I would love for you to share your framework around Cravings because you have this 3F framework when it comes to craving one of the reasons that people struggle Mal to make changes that last is because too often they try and change the behavior without understanding the role that behavior plays in their life so let's talk about that through the lens of sugar but you could just as easily apply that around alcohol or three hours Doom scrolling Instagram in the evening whatever it might be okay so let's let's take a typical scenario that I've seen thousands of times in my practice and maybe you've experienced before M I don't I've not been to your house so I don't know if you've experienced this but a lot of people when they're trying to reset their relationship with sugar find that they could be really good in the day yes yes but somehow at 900 p.m. on the sofa with Netflix on they're like I really feel like ice cream that's where I just screw it all up Dr chattergy I can be so good all day and it and and then I'm like why didn't I go to bed earlier if I had just gone to bed at 8:30 and started reading I wouldn't have eaten half a bag of this salty buttery popcorn yeah it's it's so important and there there's a couple of things to say that first of all the is is an associative organ right so we associate certain behaviors in certain locations right so if you've got a habit for 10 years of having ice cream on the sofa whilst watching TV yeah yeah you're right had you gone to bed or moved to a different location in your house if you have the room you'll probably find that the behavior naturally starts to change because it often is associated with that particular location right I don't know if you've experienced that before of course many people have but the 3F framework does something really powerful for people it helps them understand why do I keep on doing this okay because so let me go through those three FS okay the three FS are feel feed and find okay feel feed and find walk people through it okay so for the person listening right now who thinks that this applies to them I want them to imagine that they're on their sofa in the evening and they feel the urge for ice cream okay I want you to take a pause just for a few seconds before you go and open the fridge and that spoon's in your mouth take a pause you know we're standing in front of the fridge with the thing at the SP thing is I've been there before myself so I'm not doing this from a point of lecturing or judging right I've been there and I know that you can change your life you can absolutely change your behaviors if you know why the behavior is there okay so you take a pause and before you eat it you say what am I feeling that's the first f is this physical hunger or is this emotional hunger oh yeah you know what I had a full meal one hour ago I'm actually not hungry how do you know the difference though cuz I I I'm a good talker so I can be like I think I'm actually hungry I think I need a little well you know the difference by practicing okay you don't know the difference by suddenly doing it once and going oh no no I really am hungry no it's it's all these things we need to develop the skill by turning inwards okay okay so we have to ask ourselves regularly it's not as hard as you think I've done this with thousands of patients okay the most important thing is when you you create that pause So you you're literally creating a little gap between the stimulus the desire for ice cream and the response okay so you actually said what AM my feeling and you might go yeah well I you know I shouldn't really be hungry because I had a huge meal I'm a little stressed I had a r with my partner the children's bedtime took too long I've been on Zoom calls all day and I feel a bit yucky this is a bit of time for me okay no problem you now have done the most important thing M which is you're starting to develop this selfawareness y of why you're going to that baby then go and eat it I don't have a problem with someone eating it as long as they've done the first F okay now the next time you're on the server at 9:00 p.m. I want you to go to the second F so you go through the first up again what am I feeling what am I feeling yeah the second of is feeds how does food feed that feeling ah okay I feel stressed when I have ice cream in the short term at least I feel less stressed oh that's why I'm going to ice cream I'm not actually hungry okay so she start to build up that awareness oh I've been on Zoom calls all day I feel a bit lonely I've not had any con connection with another human being today I feel a bit less lonely when I have some ice cream okay and you start to build up that self-awareness and if you want to go and have it sure go ahead and have it the next time you come you go through the first two FS so first F feel second F feed then you go to the third F find now that I know the feeling now that I know how sugar feeds the feeling can I now find an alternative Behavior to feed that same feeling okay so what what does that look like oh I feel stressed sugar helps me feel less stressed well what else could I do to make me feel less stressed oh I love yoga okay well I like yoga maybe I can put YouTube on and do a 10-minute yoga sequence from YouTube maybe you're feeling lonely because you've been on Zoom calls all day or maybe your family are away or you're in a hotel room right okay well instead of going to suger to feed the loneliness maybe you can phone a friend maybe you can phone one of your parents if you're lucky enough to have one of them still alive right if you have not had any time to yourself all day and sugar your little treat to yourself I think that's a big one for a lot of us especially if you're like constantly stressed you're caring for other people yeah what what else can you do well you could run yourself a bath and nourish yourself in a different way so this 3F framework can be applied to sugar to alcohol to social media to online pornography frankly to anything about because it does something very powerful it creates a gap between the stimulus and the response and then you do the most important thing which is is you start to understand yourself better now this is why we're so confused in the world at the moment with health information right we keep thinking that there's an expert out there who knows what's right for me the person who's eating too much sugar in the evening right let's say you're trying to stop ice cream in the evening uh on your sofa yep Mel you don't need another book on sugar right cuz I'm probably going to put it down anyway and go get the popcorn and ice cream but most people who trying to cut back sugar aloh they don't need another book telling them oh Sugar's going to affect your teeth it's going to put on weights you're going to have low energy it's going to increase your risk of diabetes no I would say in the world today we have so many Health podcasts so many Health books so many online articles we've got more information than ever before yet despite that our physical health is getting worse our mental health is getting worse so the case I'm making this new book mail is that we don't need more external knowledge necessarily we need more internal knowledge more self-awareness more insight that's how you change your life for good right you listen to experts like youil or me but then you put it through your own filter and go does this work for me is this the right approach for me and that's what I found to be the most useful thing throughout my entire career mail the patients who've changed their life for good somewhere along the line mine it stopped being my plan and it became their plan oh I love that it's such a key Point M people will often ask me well are each of those three FS as important as the other no they're not the most important f is the first F feel what am I feeling I would say that's 80 to 90% of it when you break the loop of this patterning of sofa I want some ice cream open the freezer spoon in my mouth right we've all been there m right with that first I literally since I've been in your house and I've met your wife and your kids I can see you standing in your kitchen and imagine your wife coming in and being what are you doing you know you what on another note like we don't have that stuff in the house yes because one of my principles that I've been sharing with patients for years is try not to use up your willpower in the house okay you have to use up your will power as soon as you step out the front door these days right so in the UK if you want to buy a coffee you have to walk past the pastries the pan of chakas the you know the biscuits whatever it might be I have a rule that if I don't want to eat it I don't bring it into the house that makes it much easier and I think it's a great rule for many people to think about but I that that first F mail where you just start to understand yourself I've seen it with patients it starts to change everything you may not change it straight away but I tell you within a week you're coming there you're on the Sur you're thinking wait a minute I don't need this I know what's going on here and you feel the sense of control yeah well in I I've read your new book recently um the let them Theory and I love it and in that book you write a lot about control okay this this base human need that we want to feel in control why the 3fs works so well and why listening to lots of external advice and not owning the advice for yourself becomes problematic because you feel out of control yes right when you can't decide between a low carb diet a plant-based diet a keto diet a paleo diet when you try them and you feel it doesn't work for you but it worked for your best friends right or the people that are telling you to do it online yeah you never think well you rarely think that the diet was the failure you think you're the failure stop that is something that everybody needs to hear yeah you don't think the diet was the failure you think you're the failure yeah and that leads to guilt shame regret that leads and reinforces these feelings that I'm not good enough okay I can't get the right plan for me and sometimes I would argue that some people are better of having not started that diet then having started it failed and then feeling even worse than before that even started I'm having this huge Epiphany um Dr chattery that I can't tell you how many times I've started keto or I've tried to manage more protein or I you know I've tried pescatarian or I've tried like I've just been chasing one fad and one diet and one thing that I hear on the outside and it's not to say that those changes don't work but I'm realizing for the very first time listening to you right now that the key ingredient in all of those situations where I tried something and I felt like it failed for me or I I couldn't stick to it I don't have the willpower this is too complicated is that I didn't have the most important ingredient that you're talking about right now which is part of the first pillar of food which is feel I wasn't saying to myself how is this making me feel and I can tell you that I recently did this kind of like five-day protocol that I was just looking for some sort of reset to do and it was this 5day intermittent you know you're eating while you're doing it fasting protocol they send you a kit and it was one of the hardest things I've ever done but the interesting thing that was different is that I was very much paying attention to how do would I feel every day as I was doing it and as I started to notice that my mood got better I wasn't as hungry I felt sharper in focus it has made a change stick because of what you're talking about which is you know when you start focusing on this first pillar of your health really trying this as an experiment and then going how does this feel for me that's the piece that actually will make it work it's the biggest piece right it's not just doing it it's doing it and then going oh yeah I'm noticing now that I'm feeling different so let's say someone listens to your podcast smell on mind right and one week they hear an expert talking about the benefits of a plant-based diet yep and the next week they hear another Well credentialed expert talk about the benefits of a ketogenic diet and the problem is people get confused right because they're like yes I'm only going to listen to experts oh but here's the problem with that you can have well credentialed experts from really good institutions saying two different things right so how do you navigate that conflict and that confusion the way you navigate It Is by starting to trust yourself right and so I say to people when that's happened on my show before I said okay both of them have got credentials both of them have got research to back at what they're saying and case studies they could both be right for different people so why don't you try one diet for four weeks and as you're trying it pay attention what's your energy like what's your sleep like what's your focus like what's your guts like what are your bows like what is your bloating like okay and you pay attention then for another four weeks you try the other one's diets and you pay attention to those same things you will very quickly realize actually you know what I think at this stage in my life because that's the other thing things can change throughout your life at this stage in my life I think this is probably the right approach for me and it's lifechanging for people because it gives them the power like you write in your book mail it's about control right yes well you know this gives you a sense of control totally and what I love about this and I'll just add this from my own experien is I've always felt this pulled to want to be vegetarian or plant-based and when I have tried it I have felt so low energy and it has been a chore to get in the protein that I'm realizing as you're talking that's why I've never done it it's because I realize that I actually feel better on a different type of eating program and getting more lean protein from sources other than plant-based foods and I have a question though before we move on to this second pillar of movement um how long do I need to try something in the food pillar or a change in my diet and really paying attention to how am I feeling because I would imagine you change anything whether it's your yeah reading labels one ingredient less sugar that you will go through a withdrawal period it will feel worse before it feels better so what's your recommendation in the food pillar for how long you would recommend us trying this thing going how do I feel I I would say a minimum of three weeks okay I would say three to four weeks generally speaking is the kind of time you want to be trying something for it's enough time for your taste buds to start adapting to the new flavors it's what people don't realize you know if you're used to having a lot of sugary foods for a few days you know you're going to really miss them you're going to go through withdraw you have to go through that and come out the other side a key Point M I want to make is that I'm not saying ignore external experts right I'm not saying that you didn't say that I'm saying that Something's Happened in society now with all this information where we put all of our faith in external experts at the expense of our self okay and I'm saying we need to bring up our own inner expertise as well yes listen to the external experts but also know that hey you know what my life is unique I've got unique pressures unique stresses what works for someone else may not work for me so again I don't mean to confuse the issue you're not actually you're simplifying it you're doing exactly what you said and it is very clear to me food is medicine food is part of your plan and a required part of the pillar for you to feel less stressed to have more energy to be happier to be healthier and you're the expert and so take the things that you feel called to try that you know are true for or you trust and and do it for three weeks and see how you feel it's like fasting M fasting becomes this really controversial topic right should I fast should I not fast is fasting better for men is it better you know is it not so good for women people are getting confused right but even the fundamental premise is fasting good or bad it's the wrong question what's the right question the right question is for who and in which context okay the two most important questions we can ask ourselves whenever we're hearing advice okay for some people fasting is a GameChanger if you have been carrying excess weight for a while if you have type two diabetes if you've been ingesting excess calories for you know 10 plus years a form of fasting that suits you and your life may be game-changing yes if on the other hand you're underweight you have an eating disorder which you are suffering from or recovering from well fasting might not be the best solution for you but these days online we want to say is it good or bad it's like well it's neither it can be amazing but it's an option that you may want to play around with I cannot wait to jump into how you're going to simplify movement as the second pillar for our health one of the things that I've seen is that you have a five minute strength training program that you do every day and I hugged you when you came in and I'll tell you you're pretty jacked compared to when I saw you last time so what is this five minute strength training thing that you do Dr chattery this is one of the most important things I do each day and not only for my health I would say it's also one of the most important things I do for my happiness and my relationships remember at the start mail I said that health happiness and relationships are not as separate as people might think okay so what do I do and I think it's a useful way of helping people understand the key principles of habit formation so for over 5 years now I've been doing several things each morning but one thing that I rarely Miss on is a five minute strength workout okay so what does this look like okay I I go to bed early and I wake up early that's just what works for me right but I wake up around 5:00 again I'm not saying anyone else has to it's what works for me my wife doesn't want to get out of bed till 7 or half 7 right so we have found what works for us okay so I come downstairs and I I do happen to meditate that's the first thing I tend to do but that's not relevant for this part of our conversation I go into my kitchen and one thing I do is I love to make coffee okay so I weigh out my coffee I and I pour the water in Into The French Press and I put a timer on for five minutes in those five minutes Ma I don't go on email I don't go on Instagram I don't go on the news what I do in those five minutes is I have a strength workout in my kitchen in my pajamas what do you do well I do a variety of things it started off being body weight i' do some press UPS some Cal raises some squats I just do a little circuit in my kitchen and then I get the gorgeous reward of a hot cup of coffee just the way I like it wait so you literally do squats you do push-ups you do calf raises so you're going up on your tippy toes yeah there's a there's a video on YouTube that I've wor off my five minute kitchen workouts these days I do a couple of other things I have a kettle bell and a dumbbell in my kitchen so sometimes I'll do some kettle bell swings sometimes I'll do some bicep curls whatever I feel like but the point is I do that 5 minute strength workout every day I even did it this morning in my hotel room here in Boston MA okay and I'll explain why it's so important it's what I would call my Keystone habit okay it's a habit that when I do it it makes it infinitely more likely I'm going to do other healthy choices in my day right every single day mail we're all asking ourselves two questions can I trust myself can I rely on myself what my 5 minute kitchen workout does for me every single morning is it shows me that no matter how busy my work is no matter what my wife needs from me what my children need from me what my elderly mother needs from me I still found 5 minutes for myself it shows me I can trust myself I can rely on myself now people might go you know strength worker every day do do not vary it up no I don't vary it up right especially when I started no do we vary up toothbrushing no right I I hope Mel every single person listening right now brushes their teeth for 2 minutes in the morning and 2 minutes in the evening well you know what's interesting about brushing your teeth and I'm glad you just brought it up is I just saw somebody else talking about it I can't remember who it is and it's a fabulous example that if you go and don't brush your teeth today you'll have bad breath you'll notice but most people around you won't notice but if you go day after day week after week month after month year after year for five years and you never brush your teeth like some of them are going to fall out yeah you're going to have like snaggle tooth mouth like you're going to be horrible like it's and it's an illustration of something we know intellectually that the compounding nature of doing something every day actually builds in the negative or the positive dramatically and your five minute workout in the kitchen that I think is just genius first of all you already taught us that the brain is an associative machine meaning it Associates certain places and times of day with certain things and so you're using that to your advantage you also have set yourself up for Success because you now have a kab ball right there in the kitchen you have also set yourself up with a stacking of this so that you start the coffee maker which something you're going to do regardless of how you feel doesn't matter how tired you are whether or not you don't want to you're going to do it and while the coffee you don't care that you're not in the latest workout clothes you don't need a fancy gym there you are at 5:05 in the morning in your pajamas doing push-ups on your kitchen floor while your coffee is brewing and it's an illustration of the daily toothbrushing 100% And with toothbrushing the key point I want to make is that we don't apply those principles when it comes to changing our health right we make it so difficult and complicated that's a theme throughout this conversation M how do we keep it simple if your audience ma if the person listening to this episode right now if you take nothing else from this conversation but this idea that you're going to find one five minute action and you're going to do it at the same time every day try it for the next seven days I guarantee like I literally guarantee cuz I've seen this tens of thousands of times not only will you feel better you will change the way you experience life you will change the way you view yourself because you build up this momentum you build up self-esteem you you become someone who can do what they say they're going to do right I had a patient again I I'm going to bring this and make this really real because I imagine there'll be people listening well who think I'm busy like I'm a nurse I'm a teacher um I don't have time no no you do have time right I had a patient 40 8-year-old guy this maybe 10 years ago M and he came in to see me with three common complaints okay he's a little bit overweight yep okay and he and he was pointing to his tummy as he came in he had a bit of low mood and he had low energy okay okay there's many things that can cause these things I think the person listening is like I know six people like that right now so please send them this conversation because you haven't been able to get them to take this seriously Dr chattery can so I spent a bit of time talking to him now trying to understand his life and his lifestyle and there was quite a few things there and I said to him Hey listen there's a few things in your lifestyle that I've identified that I think could be responsible for all three of these things are you interested and be helping you change some of them yep so I always asked permission with my patients right I don't just give them advice say are you interested he said yeah that'd be great so I went through all kinds of options he wasn't biting any them he's like nah I don't think that's to me I don't think that's to me when I said strength training his eyes lit up now okay so I'm meeting him where he's at he's like yeah dog you know I used to do that at school as a teenager I haven't done it in years I've got busy with adult life basically yep I said I think strength training is going to really help you I think it's going to help you with your weights your energy and your moods he said right great I want to do it what shall I do 45 minutes three times a week in the gym I said yeah that would be fantastic great you he goes right I'm going to do it I said okay here's an appointment for 4 weeks time you go and do that come back in four weeks and we'll figure out how you're doing okay so he goes away and I'm feeling pleased I think okay cool he's going to go and do that four weeks later Mel he comes back into my office and he walks in and his body language is a bit off he's not making eye contact with me I said hey how was the gym you know it made a difference he said hey Doc listen um I'm not been yet okay work's been really busy um the Gym's quite expensive it's not really on my way to or from work I've not actually gone yet oh so now he feels terrible he feels terrible and I remember that case so well well because it was one of the most instrumental moments in my career I never thought in that moment he's not done what I've asked him to do I thought rongan you've clearly not given G him advice that he feels is relevant in the context of his life so in that moment I took my jacket off okay and I said right can I teach you some body weight exercises right here right now he said sure So I literally got down on the floor in my office and I was teaching him press UPS squats car phrases I was modifying them for his ability level yeah and I said what do you think can you do that he goes yeah that's okay I said okay what I want you to do is I want to do this for 5 minutes twice a week in your kitchen and he looked at me he said what 10 minutes a week is that it I said yeah can you do that go that's easy I said okay great you go and do that I'll see you in four weeks okay so he goes off four weeks later he comes back he's almost dancing into the room okay he comes to see me with a big smile on his face I said hey how you doing he said doc you ask me to do five minutes twice a week it was so easy I enjoyed it so much that I now do 10 minutes every evening whilst my dinner's getting ready in the kitchen so I do 10 minutes right that changed his life M because when I asked him or when he felt he had to do 45 minutes three times a week in the gym he did zero right when he felt he only had to do 10 minutes a week he's now doing 10 minutes a day that's 70 minutes of strength training that led to what I call the ripple effect over the next few weeks he starts to go for a walk at lunchtime he starts to cook a little bit better for himself he starts to prioritize his bedtime i s a few years ago M this is maybe five years after we started he's now meditating each day if I had brought up meditation to him 10 years ago he would have laughed me out of the room right small changes done consistently lead to Big outcomes I've seen it time and time again and what I love about what you're teaching us and I'm sure I speak for you as you're listening to Dr chattergy too right now is that first of all I'm like okay how can I get you to be my doctor because I would like a doctor that takes their coat off and then shows me how to do five minute interventions but it all comes back to this simple principle there are four pillars we've unpacked food and the importance of how you feel and experimenting and one ingredient stuff now you have simplified movement and you have made the case that just introducing five minutes of movement whether it's a walk or something in your kitchen how that changes the course of your life and how you've seen it happen in your patience honestly if if your audience take literally nothing else from this conversation I want them to take this find a five minute action something you've thought about before something you you feel drawn to I don't care what it is journaling meditation yoga pull-ups star jumps doesn't matter if 5 minutes feels too much make it one minute right but start somewhere and do it for at least seven days and if you don't feel differently about your life sure ignore everything I have to say well you and I both know of course you're going to feel different I know they are going to feel different of course but you have to do it inspiration without action does not lead to change this is what I see these days M People listen to your show they listen to my show they um see a positive Instagram post and a really inspirational Meme and they heart it they think they've done something they haven't done anything right they moved their thumb about half a millimeter on their phone that's great don't get me wrong but you need to take the inspiration and figure out well how am I going to take action in my life and you just gave us the actual only way it gets done because most most of us make a mistake in that moment where we hurt this video about health and we say okay I'm going to go to the gym three times a week for 45 minutes and then you don't because it's hard to do that and it's actually more complicated than you think to find the time to get the clothes to get into the gym to figure out what the workout is and what you're saying is there's a totally different way to go from inspiration to action make it as easy as hell make it 5 minutes long find a tri figure like making coffee that you don't even think about and set up the environment with one simple thing so that you have the things you need right there and try it for seven days and you'll be shocked yeah you will be shocked and and what people don't realize because I've seen it with so many patients is they underestimate Simplicity right I go to the gym sometimes right I'll lift things at other times but some weeks I don't but I never miss my 5 minute morning action it say promise I made to myself and why do I think that helps your health your happiness and your relationships because when you make that commitment to yourself when you make that promise and you keep it m you do something so powerful right it builds you up inside you become a human being who knows your selfworth and you take that to your relationships you take it to your work you take it to every other aspect of your life well I can't wait until you teach us how to make the third pillar which is sleep something that's easy using these principles because as a medical doctor and literally being Europe's doctor and the tens of thousands of patients that you've treated it is really sad and troubling how many people are not getting enough sleep yeah how they're having trouble falling asleep staying asleep not dropping into deep sleep and so can you share with us how you say a good night sleep starts in the morning and what we need to do to make this easy when people think about sleep the first thing they go to is what are they doing before they go to bed now whilst that is important what we don't realize is that a good night sleep starts first thing in the morning how you start your morning off now if you're able to get natural lights first in the morning it's f fantastic for your over wellbeing it helps set your Cadian Rhythm this is your biological clock every single cell in your body has a clock okay and one of the key drivers of that clock is exposure to light okay so if you expose yourself to Bright natural light ideally but I appreciate also that you know depending on where you live in the world certainly in the UK at the moment you're not getting bright natural lights in the morning so yes you know put all the lights on at home get them as bright as you possibly can that actually helps you sleep better in the evening there's some studies which show us that if you meditate or practice mindfulness first in the morning that can also help you sleep better at night okay so there's many ways that I want people to think about sleep but what you do first thing in the morning can absolutely impact uh your sleep in the evening now why should people care about sleep okay it's not just about energy yes energy is of course something that we all want right we want the energy to do the things that we want to do in life but here's what happens when you sleep deprived your mood goes down you're less empathetic you're less compassionate you find it harder to resist temptation if you sleep 5 and 1 half hours each night compared to 7 and a half hours each night one study showed on average you're eating 22% more the following day in terms of calories okay so think about that 5 days of extreme sleep deprivation will lead to a whole extra one day's worth of calories going through your mouth okay so I've helped M some patients lose weight in a sustainable way not by focusing on their diet by focusing on their sleep this goes back Mel to what I said right at the start think about these four pillars and ask yourself which one of these four pillars do I need the most work in right too often we focus on our favorite pillar if your diet is 85% good moving it from 85% to 90% whilst you're already sleeping 5 hours a night ain't going to move the needle if you can bring up your sleep from 5 hours to even 5 and 1 half hours again it's not about perfection it's not about either 8 hours or nothing if you can actually get 20 minutes more 30 minutes more there will be a physiological difference in your body ma the following day and so it's important for your physical health your mental well-being life feels different when you've had a good night sleep okay so in terms of what people can do yeah I mentioned first thing in the morning okay get light exposure and and I we have so many people around the world that write in when they hear about light exposure in the morning that say well I have to leave for work before the sun's even up so how do you do that if it's raining or or you have a job where you're already starting work and the sun hasn't risen yeah so it doesn't always have to be the sun to be clear you still get a lot of natural light on an overcast day or on a cloudy day okay but yes I appreciate we all have different work schedules so if you can't do that you know put the lights on in your house if you want you can go on Amazon you can buy like these bright Lux lights they're not that expensive you can have those on in your house right do what you can if you can't do it first thing in the morning maybe at 10:00 a.m. when you have a little coffee break at work can you take your coffee and go to the balcony or go out the front door and be outside and get some of that light into your eyes okay there's many ways and let's be honest Mel something you may not be able to correct and that's okay yes right fine there are other ways to improve your sleep you know we can talk about five or 10 different tips you probably not going to be able to do them all well let's talk about that how can someone create an evening routine that leads to better sleep if they're doing this stuff in the morning that's easy yeah the most important thing about an evening routine when it comes to sleep is the fact that you need a routine right you have kids Mel right they're older than mine I have kids right I'm guessing and again I don't know this I'm not met your children right but I'm guessing when your kids were young what you didn't do before bed was put all the lights up as loud as possible get the music blaring give them loads of sugar and then try and get them to sleep no we did not do that we had a whole routine right we as adults are no different right with Children what do we do we di the lights we lower our tone um we might read them a story we create the environment that is conducive to winding down yes one of the most toxic things about the modern world is this separation between work life and home life has vanished with emails with social media with whatever it is we can still be working in our bedroom in bed and then somehow wonder why we can't fall a seat 10 minutes later when we've just had a stress or work email I think the most important thing for many people and certainly it has been for me is 1 hour before bed I make a mental switch in my heads I'm now on wind down time okay so for me and again I want to be clear M everyone's got a unique life right so what works for me may not work for someone else but what I do 1 hour before bed as I make sure my laptop's closed I will not do a work email in the 1 hour before bed borrowing an exceptional situation okay let's be honest sometimes stuff is going on that you want to handle but by and large I won't do that I have educated my family over the last years and it was hard at first but everyone understands now that in the evening past you know 1 hour before bed I don't want to talk about finances I don't want to talk about household items my mom my brother who live nearby they now know if it's something to do with Mom's care unless it's urgent I don't want to know about it in the one hour before beds okay so by educating the world around me I have a wind down for that one hour what do I do I'll try to be off my screens I'm usually pretty good I'm not perfect you know for me if I bring my phone into my bedroom I'll look at it so I live in a house so what my wife and I try and do is we make a commitment to each other that we're going to leave our phones in the kitchen to charge this is just like food you basically said I if I don't want to eat it I don't have it in the house if you don't want to look at your phone in the bedroom then you don't have it in the bedroom you're just making it easy you're following your well you're following your principles you make it easy yeah just cuz I write about this stuff and talk about it on my podcast each week doesn't mean I'm any less human than anyone else I I can't resist looking at that phone well you know I will tell you something as I'm sitting here listening to you and I'm nodding along and I'm thinking I have to do this five minute thing I have to do this five minute thing because I have completely fallen off the entire category of movement because I have been in the middle of this crazy book launch and all this travel and I've been too tired and things have been so chaotic and I and I haven't been able to do my normal thing and you're reminding me that there is still always five minutes there is still always something you can do and you're also reminding me that this very important principle I'm not failing the routine that I do in my normal schedule is failing me right now and that's a liberating way to look at this why do you need the fourth pillar relax if we've already got the third pillar of sleep because it's subtly different relax is speaking to the issue of stress okay so we know that 80 to 90% of what comes in to a doctor these days is in some way related to stress so 80 to 90% of the health issues the ailments the symptoms that people are struggling with is related to stress yeah and if few years ago the World Health Organization had on their homepage that stress is the health epidemic of the 21st century well we actually had Dr adidi narar on the show and she said that sh in her research that stress is the single consistent cause of illness as well like if you look at the clustering of things of cause it it's always present and it's the one thing that is in your control in terms of your ability to mitigate against it so when you say relaxation you're also talking about the importance of destressing and finding times to relax like what do you mean by that I do and also these four pillars they all feed each other right you know because a lack of sleep is a stressor on the body yes eating lots of junk food that's causing inflammation in your body is a stressor on the body not moving at all is a stressor on the body but what people will find is when you start looking at your life through this framework of these four pillars you can start wherever you want it will start to make a difference in the others they all start to feed each other and when I'm talking about stress and when I talk to my patients about stress I help them understand what stress actually is Dr chattery what is stress stress is basically your body's response when it wants to keep you safe okay when it thinks you're in danger in essence so I always explain this to my patient smell I say listen what is the stress response imagine it's 100,000 years ago and you're in your Hunter gather community in your tribe doing your thing okay and then whilst you're doing your thing you notice a wild Predator approaching the camp in an instant your stress response kicks into gear there several things happen in your body when that happens okay what happens your blood sugar starts to go up so it can deliver more glucose to your brain your blood pressure starts to go up so more oxygen can go around your body and get to your brain okay your blood becomes more prone to clotting why oh if that lion or that Predator was to cut you instead of bleeding to death your blood's going to clot which is going to save your life okay you're a mdal right your emot brain goes on to high alert why because you want it to be on high alert you want to be vigilant you want to hear every pin prick these are all appropriate responses when you really are in physical danger the problem today Mel is that so many of us are having our stress responses activated not to Wild Predators by email but to the state of our daily lives our email inboxes our to-do lists the three social media accounts we're trying to keep up to date with the news headlines in a very similar way our stress response has been activated so those four things I mentioned helpful in the short term problematic in the long term so blood glucose going up to help you run away brilliant if that's happening day in day out that will cause weight gain fatigue and type 2 diabetes so are you also saying though that if we're eating a ton of processed foods and a ton of sugar that or and we're not getting sleep and we're not moving our bodies that the lack of those things also creates that physiological condition in our body it's not just stress is a massive massive issue that we don't think about enough and a lot of people don't realize this key key Point M that I have only realized in the last few years which is this idea that we see the world through the state of our nervous system h right so if you're chronically stressed and I would bet Mel that a lot of your audience even if they're on a walk right now and listening to me and you talk a lot of them would probably identify as being chronically stressed some of the recent studies I've seen is that up to 80% of people in the United States are in a medical state of chronic stress yes so think about the point of the stress response okay it's when we think there's danger so what happens your focus comes inward you're not compassionate you're not looking to cooperate with people you're looking for threat you're looking for problems right okay another way people can often understand this is this idea that if you've had a weekend off where you've properly rested okay and you've switched off and maybe you gone for a walk in nature you can read an email on a Monday morning and interpret it a certain way you could read that same email on a Friday afternoon when you've had a busy work week and you are interpreting it completely differently it's same email but you are looking at it differently because of the state of your nervous system wow right and it's you know I thought about this the last few days Mel I don't know how this lands for you but I was thinking about me and you know I'm away from home at the moment so when you're away you can often think big picture I think what is it you're doing rongan you know with your podcasts with your books on the face of it it seems like what I'm talking about is health but I've realized that's not my end goal M right why why does Health matter why does happiness matter I think what I'm trying to do actually at its core is create or contribute to a more compassionate world if you're healthier if you can lower your stress response you're a kind of person you have more empathy well that's a world I want to be part of creating I want my children to grow up in a world where there isn't all this division where actually people are nice to each other that's who we are as humans I'm sure of it me too that's what drives me Mel this stuff seems like it's about health I don't think it is health is the mechanism to get to compassion for me and connection and connection and peace and peace when you're well slept when you understand where stress lives in your life and you do a few simple things that we can talk about like a a breathing practice or a journaling practice okay simple things that don't cost much money that's what I'm always talking about in my books and my podcasts most of the things I write about and talk about are free of charge people say health and wellness you need money for it no I push back against that right yes I get it to buy healthy food in certain parts of the world yes your income matters for sure but there are lots and lots of things that we can do that do not cost any money at all that will absolutely change our state or will lower our stress levels so what are some of your favorite simple things that you do or that you recommend to your patients that do help you reset from this I'm in an attack mode state to I can breathe I think the most important daily practice for anyone in 2025 is a daily practice of solitude I believe that with all my heart M what does that mean especially given that people feel lonely already yeah so Solitude is different from loneliness okay Solitude is the intentional practice of spending a bit time with yourself because what happens today Mel is that so many people they're waking up they smartphone is their alarm they're picking up their phone they're reacting to the world around them they're consuming emails toxic content online social media news and what a lot of people don't realize is that is that their thoughts their feelings and their actions are often Downstream from the content they're consuming so what can that Solitude be okay it could be a walk for 10 minutes where you don't have anything in your ears where you're just allowing your thoughts and feelings to come up it could be journaling it could be breath work it could be any anything you want I'll give you some of my favorites okay I'll give you one that you have already explained us I I would say that the act of making your coffee and doing your movement on your own for yourself by yourself is exactly that exactly they all Link in with each other the pillars aren't as separate as we might think they're a useful framework to look at our life and see where we're going to make change but once you start in in any one of them you'll realize how they all feed each other right breath work the most powerful way and the quickest way to change your internal State and therefore your stress levels is through a practice of breath work now one of my favorite practices is what I call the 34 five breath I've been using it with my patience for years great why don't you walk us through and they love it you breathe in for three okay let's do it okay let's do it okay okay so breathe in for three okay hold for four one two three four now breathe out for five 1 2 3 4 five okay now before I go any further how do you feel after doing that my shoulders dropped I felt myself settle I almost felt like there's a downshift yeah I felt it I felt it in myself as well that's just one breath okay the three four five breath one breath takes 12 seconds five of them takes one minute H when you're out breath is longer than your in breath you help to switch off the stress part of your nervous system and activates the relaxation part of your nervous system okay so the 3 four five breath is just a very simple method I've created to help my patients there are so many other amazing breath work practices out there I'm not saying you have to do this one but the principle is that it will really help you calm lower your stress be more present it shows you how interconnected the body is so I would say something like the 345 breath is a really really simple tool that you can use preemptively in the morning as part of a routine a morning routine or when you're getting stressed out in the day you have a meeting with your boss and know let's say a disagreement with your husband yep you can actually just take a time out do 3 four five breathing for just 30 seconds a minute and you'll be much better able to engage once you've done it I believe you I believe you you know I love that your approach to health Dr chattergy over the years has really evolved to a much more profound connection to living a meaningful life and I know you I've read your six books I listen to your podcast I follow your work so I also know that your father's life had a very IM big impact on you could you just share a little bit about how your father's story has informed and influenced your approach and your mission and why this matters so much to you yeah dad came to the UK in 1962 from India and Dad's um not been here now for almost 11 years and it's almost the classic immigrant story okay he came to the UK in search of a better life a better life for his immediate family in the UK and his family back home in America but this is what my Dad's life was like my dad was a doctor he was a consultant at Manchester War infirmary but for 30 years my dad only slept three nights a week it is actually really hard for me to even imagine that now you know as a father myself thinking through to what my dad did and how he lived I I don't really understand how he was able to do it but I think when you have a strong passion and a mission it's amazing what you can achieve so I've really evolved my view on my dad's Liv but in essence when my dad became 57 he suddenly became sick with the autoimmune condition Lupus his kidneys failed and he was chained to a dialysis machine for 15 years three times a week at the local hospital until dad died in 2013 now I move back to where I grew up which is where I live now which you know you've been there when you came on to my podcast m a few years ago um I live in the same town that I grew up in and I moved back to help my mom and my brother look after my dad when my dad died in 2013 it was like a juggernaut explosion in my life like it is for many people it's the first time I had to really confront death I had to confront death as a doctor with patients for many years but it's different that's my job when I was with my dad who I used to care for and see three times a day I had this big hole in my life and really it was only after my dad died that I started to ask myself the big existential questions SM about well whose life am I really leading is it my life is it someone else's life so I've been on a real Journey since my dad died I've made changes in how I live my life based on what my dad did so I'll explain one of the changes is you know I rarely saw my dad growing up because he was working he was providing right and I used to say Mel I used to say that I think my dad made a mistake I used to say that I think my dad Mook success for happiness which is I think what many people do in the world these days but I've actually evolved my view m now I think it's unfair of me to make that judgment on my dad's if my dad was still alive today the one question I would have for him and I've thought about this a lot I would say to Dad Dad was it worth it because he might say to me Mel he might say you know we might say oh he was chronically stressed he was sleep deprived that's why he got lupus he shouldn't have worked so hard and on through one angle I actually believe that male but the other way I look at life now is my dad might say hey son yeah it was worth it you know I came to the UK to give you and your brother a great start in life and I did that look at you now look how many people's lives you're impacting around the world look how many books you've written look how many people listen to your podcast each week yeah I'd do that again and it's a really different way of looking at life M like I've I've learned over the years that you can frame anything in life that stress is not just external it's internal as well it's how we look at these neutral events right I can look at my dad's death in a very negative way and go um I can't believe my dad's not here poor me you know you know might have lost my dad a young age and I used to do that M but it doesn't help me I've experienced the grief but now coming up to 11 years on you know how I see my dad's death now I see my dad's death as a gift it's a gift that he gave me the things I've learned through my dad's death all the things I share in these books particularly this new one yes you write a lot about this I would not have known this stuff had I not gone through the grief of losing my dads right so now and you can call the spiritual if you want and I'm okay with that you know I know as medical doctors maybe we not meant to talk like that but I would say these days I I do feel really spiritual I actually feel that through dad's death I have learned some of the most powerful lessons of my entire life so now I choose to look at it as a gift that my dad gave to me one of the things that you write about it's on page 28 on your new bestselling book make change that lasts is you write about this period in your life and I have so many friends and the person listening maybe in a position in their life where they're in the caregiver role whether that's because you work as a first responder or a nurse in a hospital or you're a teacher or you have aging parents and you just shared with us that you moved home when your dad became ill and you helped your brother and your mom and you write about your Reflections about caregiving and I want to read what you wrote and then have you speak to it a little bit this is on page 20 28 and 29 you say you know when I look back now to the time I used to care for Dad I don't regret a thing however on reflection my belief that his well-being was entirely my responsibility wasn't helpful the truth was he had a loving family and a brilliant team of medical professionals all available to him but for whatever reason I generated a myth for myself to live by that said I could only be happy if I personally met his every need that myth trapped me it was the cause of a great deal of pain in my body and mind as well as to my wife who had to deal with my regular absences and my significantly increased loads of stress if I had been able to hear my body's signals I would have realized much earlier that something was wrong if I knew then what I know now I would have meditated on the issue realized that this damaging myth that I was responsible for him and meeting his every need that was holding me down and I would have empowered myself to make changes I would love to have you speak to that realization and what you want the person listening to know who is in a role where you're the caregiver and the stress is overwhelming and you do feel the responsibility because a lot of people say the words well if if I'm not here nobody else is so what would you say Dr chattery based on your life experience caring for your father and that myth first of all M if there is someone who is listening right now who is in that role I get it I know how difficult it is I know how stressful it can feel I know how it can feel that there's no way out and you have no time for yourself I was there I was there for a long long time but those words that you just read out Mel it's really quite emotional listening to them because now I can reflect back and to put it in real context in the months and years leading up to dad's death this is what my life used to look like I would wake up I I live I lived 5 minutes away from my mom and dads I'd wake at about 5 I'd go round to Mom and Dad's I'd help get Dad up I'd help get him shaved and ready um and that could take all kinds of time depending on what was going on and how well he was i' then come home try and see my wife and my young baby boy then I drive to work as a primary care doctor and be busy in the day I try sometimes on lunch if one of the home visits was near my parents house I try and nip in and just to check how dad was doing I then go back to work on the way back from work after a long day seeing patience again I'd go I'd often end up coming back home feeling really really stressed my wife had already put my son to beds I was chronically stressed if I think about it now the impact on my marriage on those early years as a father you know I don't believe in regrets I really don't uh I believe regrets in many ways are a form of perfectionism um but I believe I can learn from the past and I can learn from those mistakes not even mistakes I can learn from those experiences and go if I was in the same situation again MH and I have been in a similar situation over the last years cuz my mom has become more and more unwell I'm very different now looking after my mom my mom's like 84 85 how are you different it's not my identity that I'm the only person who is going to be here and responsible for everything right with my dad I made it my identity it was who I was my dad being well was a reflection of who I was as a human being right I would do everything if Dad wasn't well I'd done something wrong I was going to go and fix it that creates so much inner torture when you see yourself like that and as you know you just read out no one expected that like that's a story I created inside my own head was it real I think a lot of caregivers do yeah that it's all on me this is my identity if they're not doing well it's my fault if I'm not here no one's here it's not dissimilar in some ways I mean when I when I read the let them Theory one of the things I find really powerful about it is the separation between me and the other person but in a in a really beautiful way not a separation that I don't care in in in your book mail you write about how it's okay for other people to feel their emotions and feel disappointed and you know you can apply the same principle here M where if the cost and this was cost if the cost of looking after my dad meant that it was going to impact my ability to be a good father and a good husband that's a cost I wasn't aware that I was paying but now I know now to be really clear I have a great relationship with my kids I'm happily married it's just past 17 years recently okay things are great but I've learned from that and now with my mom who I love just as much as my dad I'm not falling into the same traps well what I love about the fact that you as a doctor and as a son shared that you made it your identity you drove yourself into the ground that didn't help your father it didn't help you it didn't help your mother and that we've talked a lot about small changes yeah and maybe the small change that somebody could make is if you're able to see that this doesn't have to be your identity it's just one of the things that you are taking care of because you really are the kind of person that values taking care of somebody else it's part of your values but it doesn't Define you that maybe that allows you to claim another 5 to 10% of your time back and say it's okay if they have a bad day yeah it's okay if they're struggling right now it's okay if they're alone for 20 minutes this is this is so key male you you exactly and that's why I brought out your book right because it's a it's a key theme that I got from that book that I think totally applies here I couldn't tolerate something you know me or someone not being there for my dad to meet his every needs right but it's ridiculous it's utterly ridiculous right I would argue that I care just as much for my mother as I did for my father but in a completely different way I practice self-care I will do these things to my own uh health I will also the truth be known like if for what whatever reason I can't do something I'm not going to kill myself like I used to to get it done I'm like actually you know what on balance it's okay I can't meet every need for my mom anymore okay it's okay if sometimes she wants me round and I can't be there that's okay right and it's okay to come around and see her disappointed okay that's okay and the funny thing is I would almost argue that I'm carrying for my moment a much better way when I'm round out I'm not tired I've got the energy I've given myself 5 minutes each day and then there's another powerful story at the start of chapter 1 where you know I talk about my dad's funeral mail and I remember I had back pain for years chronic back pain and I saw this amazing muscular skill expert who helped it like 70 80% for sure but it was there was still this niggling tightness and I can still remember M 2013 I'm at my dad's funeral I'm in my best suit you know we've just had the ceremony and I can still remember being at Manchester crematorium watching the body go into flames and the tightness of my right back just vanished and I second guessed myself said did that just happen I know that happen right and what I've realized because I've read for years about how the body stores emotions course but that's the first time I truly got it I got it I was like oh my God the weight the pressure that I put on myself that I'm the one who's responsible for my dad's well-being even though it was Dad who was sleep deprived for 30 years chronically stressed you know didn't take his holidays somehow it's my responsibility that was giving me back ache it's absolutely crazy M to realize that I needed to see my dad's Flesh and Blood being burned for my body for my subconscious to finally realize oh it's not on you anymore that back pain was the weight of expectation I put on myself to look after him so for the person listening and all of the people that they're about to share this with who are just the Relentless demands of being a caregiver what is the one thing that they could shift right now to reclaim a little space for themselves without feeling like you're giving up on someone else there's two things okay there's not one thing there's two things one of them is what we've already spoken about and it's the cliche of putting on your oxygen Mass first okay if you do a five minute action for yourself each day I promise you you will be better able to look after whoever you have to look after in your life when you think you don't have any time for yourself that it's all on that person and frankly take this away from being a caregiver for a sick elderly parent what about mothers or an autistic child yeah like my practice was full of uh well many people for years right but I saw a lot of mothers who literally never gave themselves any time everything was for their partner their parents their children like they did nothing for themselves they didn't feel that they could and actually one of the biggest I would teach a lot of my patients throughout the years was that I gave them well I didn't teach them this I shared with them how important it was and a lot of them would come back to me say hey dog you know what you've done for me you given me permission to relax you given me permission to look after myself even if you've got the most tax and Care job in the world I promise you have five minutes for yourself each day right you have five minutes to nourish yourself that will make you a better carer it will make you kind it it will make you healthier and it will really do something quite special to how you view yourself so that's the first thing I'd say the second thing I'd say and it goes back to why I believe a daily practice of solitude is the most important thing if you sit with yourself each day whether it's a three four five breath or you just frankly sit in silence with your cup of coffee and you're not scrolling Emil at the same time you will start to feel things in your body right so Mel What would was going on for years with me that I never knew because I was too busy and I didn't have Solitude was when my stress load is building up I start to feel tightness in my right upper back when I was so busy I never paid attention now because I have a daily solitude when I feel that tightness on my right back it's like an early warning signal when I feel that pressure coming up M I'm like oh what's going on in my life oh there's a difficult conversation I need to have with my wife I've taken on too much at work maybe I need to really switch off this weekend whatever it might be it's an early warning signal to tell me that I need to take aversive action and at the moment Mel people are not doing this in the UK 88% of people are thought to have experienced some degree of burnout in the past two years I mean that is a really damning indictment of the state of modern society and what I'm trying to say for the person listening right now is that one of the ways that you will improve every aspect of your life is with a daily practice of solitude start listening to yourself feel where the tightness is and your tummy your back your neck right and then start asking yourself what is this telling me and you will start to develop this inner trust in yourself you will start to pick up problems before they start to arise I love it Dr chattery what do you think the most powerful lesson is that you've learned after being in medical practice for over 23 years and working with patients and writing best-selling books and having one of the top health podcasts in the world what is one of the most powerful lessons you've learned about how anybody can create lasting change I was saying M with all of my heart the thing that I've learned the most that I'm most passionate about it's this idea that anyone can change their lives it doesn't matter how dark you think your life is at the moment it doesn't matter if you feel stuck lost unmotivated I have seen patients who are suicidal transformed their life and it started with a five minut action no word of for life it started with a five minute action because here's the reality if you've got deep and dark depression and you're having suicidal thoughts any change feels too hard because when you're suicidal and you feel like there's nothing there for you and to be really clear there are many factors that contribute here okay I'm not trying to at all trivialize this in any way at all you're not but a five minute action done consistently does something so powerful to self-esteem to the way you view yourself to your motivation to your belief that you can make change so what do I believe more than anything anyone listening ma to this show right now or watching on YouTube I don't care how bad you think your life is I absolutely believe in you because I've seen people in the darkest places change their life time and time again so I know it's possible for each and every individual Dr chattery what are your parting words my parting words are think about your life okay think about where you are at moment is this the life you want okay is this the life that you dreamt of when you were 15 if it's not I'm not here to say that you can achieve all of the dreams you had as a child I'm not here to say that but what I am here to say is that you can improve things it is not as difficult as you think if you're not happy with the state of your life if you're not happy with where you are what you're doing the energy you have at the moment you got to make a change it's not as hard as you think but if you don't change you Dr chatter I am in awe of your ability to make what is so overwhelming so simple so profound so urgent and I think most importantly available and hopeful to me and to the person listening because that very last piece that you said I have come to believe the same thing that it's not a matter of somebody not having the will it's that they have a belief that it's not going to matter yeah and if you know the simple things you can do but you do not believe it's going to matter you will never do them but what you successfully did today and what you do in all of your work is that you show up for us and explain the complicated in a way that makes it not just simple and easy but you make me and the person listening believe that it's worth trying yeah and that's a gift thank you for sharing your gifts and your passion and your wisdom with me and with the person listening today my pleasure M thank you so much for having me on your show my God I just love you I love you I love you I love you and I want to tell you um whomever you share this with because I'm sure you had a bunch of people in your life that you were thinking about as Dr chattery was pouring into us today there is no doubt that this time that your loved ones are going to get to spend with Dr chattergy Life altering absolutely life-altering so if you're concerned if you care about if you just love people in your life please send this to them because it's hard to get through to the people that we care about but I have a feeling that Dr chattery is going to be able to work his magic and in case no one else tells you I wanted to be sure to tell you that I love you and I believe in you and I believe in your ability to change your life and so does Dr chatterie so take everything just learn today and actually do it because your life will change if you do you're going to feel better you're going to see the results you're going to experience hope and I so want that for you you deserve that all righty I'll talk to you in a few days I'll be waiting in the very next episode to welcome you in the second you H play I'll see you there and for you here on YouTube with me thank you thank you thank you for watching all the way to the end didn't you love Dr chatterie he is so awesome I'm so glad that you got to experience him and I'm thrilled for everybody in your life that you're going to share this with and one more thing because I know you're the kind of person that loves supporting people that support you my goal is that 50% of the people that watch this channel are subscribers and I'm so close to achieving it and so one way you could support me and do that because I support you every day here by showing up on YouTube is just hit subscribe it's how you can tell me and the team that you love these videos and you love having access to these world-renowned experts for free so so thank you for doing it it really makes a difference to me and the team I appreciate you and I know you're thinking Mel okay awesome I subscribed now what's the next video well I want you to watch this one next because if you love this video you're definitely going to love this one and I'm going to be waiting to welcome you into it the moment you hit play I'll see you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @shirinedudhia2546 [1 likes]: 💯 true
  2. @PharmacyTeam-v5o: Drinking enough water is vital for women’s health, and Planet Ayurveda encourages hydration.
  3. @ChandimalaPremachandra-j8m: Amazing video,I have listened❤
  4. @UrsulaJaschke: I completely resonate with the four pillars of health, but I miss the social dimension. That's why I suggest adding a fifth pillar: social connectedness.
  5. @Hassanat_lifestyle: Almost everyone can relate to this , most can’t even explain why… thanks for this masterpiece
  6. @urszulaadamczak2923: I really appreciate the podcast but why the podcast about health is 1h and 43 min. Mel you keep huge amount of people without movement almost 2 hours plus ads after ads. 😮😮😮😮😮
  7. @trcakes: This was amazing I am going to try this 5 min thing it seems achievable thank so much
  8. @ShakilaAshvisai: M
  9. @esgiegee9576: I would sleep early so i wont have to eat  extra LOL
  10. @valeriavalencia2797: Hi Mel, Love this episode. I would love to share this with my spanish-speaking family. Any chance of having some episodes translated? THANK YOU
  11. @kanchanchauhan9702: Melrobbin is distrubing, she is interferring, not letting him finish  his sentence😡😡
  12. @DAVIDSAWH: Dr. Chatterjee is not only brilliant but humane.
  13. @ToccaraMadole: This feels natural and easy to watch.
  14. @helenrachel1520: Ty Mel great guest ❤❤
  15. @helenrachel1520: I agree with all he has said ty very much Doctor ❤❤
  16. @C901-r8i: Can someone just list the four things to save me over an hour? 😅😅😅😅😅

Food
Movement 
Sleep
…….?
  17. @GitaBaledi: It is crazy how nowadays a professional doctor needs to be apologetic pointing at the laziness of people.
  18. @j.sleezy8099: On my way to fridge to get some ice cream while listening to this
  19. @MyHappyPlaceX2: Awesome chat about poop & gut health!!  Thank u
  20. @ЭмилияКостанян-щ9ф: You’re right 100%!😮

- 7 Life Changing Habits | Subah & Harshvardhan Saraf, BK Shivani, & Rajan Navani: Kind: captions Language: en Today on our Think Right Podcast, we have a happening young couple who are the founders of the Satvic movement. They are going to start the 'Youth Revolution' movement. They have been supporting many young people for years. They have created a movement which is the foundation of India. But what is spreading all over the world today, they have over 7 million followers on YouTube, they bring about a lot of practices which resonate with the new age, plant-based diets and so many other things that are so important for young people to understand and appreciate. So, a very warm welcome Subah and Harshvardhan Saraf, to our Think Right podcast. And of course, to guide us, our ever radiant and spiritual mentor, and with spiritual wisdom, who will give us Gyan, Sister BK Shivani. Very warm welcome. So let's start with Subah, you and Harsh. You know, every couple wants to be, you know, purity, goodness, virtue. You know, the word 'couple' which you are called as 'Satvic Couple' you know, all these things are already there. So how does it feel to be called a Sattvic couple and how did this happen? You tell. So first of all, thank you very much for inviting us here today. Sister Shivani has been a guide, a mentor for us in past couple of years. We've taken a lot of guidance from her at many steps of our journey. So it feels almost surreal that we are sitting with you today. So truly thank you for having us today Not many people call us a Satvik couple But you asked how did this start We both had health problems from a young age And we didn't know each other then And we were taking medicines for those health problems since childhood I had PCOD, thyroid imbalance, hair fall, skin problems, weight problems And Harsh had sinusitis, psoriasis and we were living our own lives and fortunately we got such knowledge at a very young age, I was 17 when we learnt that there is another way only medicines, what the medical world is telling us that's not the only way to heal there is another way which involves when you change your food, lifestyle you can actually cure health problems So initially we didn't believe it at all, we rejected this idea But we tried everything, so this was the only way forward So when we implemented this in our life, within 3-4 months we could heal every single disease in our body And today, it's been 10 years for Hrash, for me it's been around 7 years Since then till now we haven't needed to take any medicine Simply because we are able to practice this lifestyle So when we were living this lifestyle, we wanted to share it in our own way because it had such a deep impact on us, we just wanted it to reach more people The way God gave us the opportunity to experience this was probably so that this knowledge would not remain limited to us and it would reach the people who are suffering from health problems So, Harsh was running an institute in Mumbai, it was called Vedri and I was doing workshops. This was pre-COVID, so I used to do a lot of offline workshops back then. So, we were looking for a place in Mumbai to host a workshop Vedri, which was the centre Harsh was running, seemed like the perfect place. So, that's how the two of us met and we just felt like the purpose that we feel in our heart is exactly the same. It is to pass on what has healed us And then I think we joined hands We thought if we do it separate ways, it will take a lot of time to spread it to people But if we join hands, we can do it much faster So that's how we came together and started sharing this knowledge And the Satvic movement kept becoming bigger and bigger Because more people started joining and their health problems started getting better, so they started getting more conviction. And as time passed, the movement kept on growing. And today, a community has been formed which is able to practice this way of life. Lovely. So Harsh, you managed to get a very strong partner to take forward your dream. And today, your collective dream is impacting so many people, and not only in India, even around the world You said a very good word, strong partner because since childhood, when I have been seeing people around either of the two in the couple, either the wife or the husband are active in the work and the other person is maybe at home but here we have found a way that both of us together can contribute to this movement in our own way so there is a friendship between us before husband and wife we are friends so when you said Satvik couple, I was thinking... like when there is a collective vision then I think nothing can stop us I feel we are one in that sense and very blessed that we got this opportunity to spread this knowledge to others and to take this movement forward Today many couples you meet, they say that we live together at home, and now do we work together also? This is too much of conflict. But let's ask Sister Shivani. Which is the right way? When two individuals come together you decide to spend the life together because there is a reason you are coming together to create the next generation you are also coming together to leave a collective impact on the world. Then there is an alignment around The larger impact, both in what you do at work and in your personal life. You must have seen many couples. How should young couples think of it? If they want to work together, should they? If they want to pursue separately? Or if they are open, what should they do? They are leading a Satvik lifestyle. Because their lifestyle is Satvik, their Sanskars are very good. So they can stay together for 24 hours and still remain peaceful. It's not about the right way. Today even if they meet for a few hours in the evening they are fighting a lot and not able to stay together. It's not the number of hours, it's how I am here. Because in their case, both the people are like that. Both of their Sanskars are very Satvik. Not just their lifestyle is Satvik, but their Sanskars are also very Satvik. And when two Satvik Sanskars come together And live for a higher purpose It will not be that there is no difference of opinion Or in some other things, the belief system will not be different. That higher purpose. It is okay, fine, I put mine aside here. Because your life is not just for you two. Your life is for millions. So when it is only for two of us, we say - Why should I bend? This is for a bigger purpose. This bending and letting go, it does not seem like anything. Those words become very meaningless because you are not doing it for yourself. You are doing it for a very big purpose. So they are a Satvik couple because of their Satvik Sanskars. And those Sanskars are forcing people to call them Satvik couples. Because their Sanskars are visible on their faces. So when couples look at matching, there are horoscopes and such things. But the Sanskars that you are talking about, or the way you live The purpose you have in life - if they get aligned then I think the rest of the relationship becomes a little easier. Is that right? I mean, explain to us what is your ideal day? We call it a Satvik lifestyle. How is your normal day? Before that, I would like to say one thing that Sister Shivani said. It happens often that we disagree in many things. Then we pause for a minute. What is better for the community? What is better for our service? And that answer is always so clear. and it gets left behind, that who gave the idea, we choose that path one common goal takes over who gave the idea. Many times, we have noticed that it helps a lot. Sanskar is help and serve not to bring my idea forward. help and serve not to bring my idea forward. And when you are in that spirit everything right follows. You just have to get yourself to look at every idea and thought from that point of view. So I think everybody's life will change But we are two people, if one slips, we remind the other that ok, let's not care, what is our goal So one person can get angry, the other person can immediately come and support Let's anchor back I feel very fortunate that we both help each other Both shouldn't slip together, that's all we have to take care It's not only for you, it's important for the world Right, right, definitely Because you all are so many years ahead in your life You have so much more to do. What you have started is a movement, a revolution, I think, that the world needs today. Today, if you look at uncertainty, technology, how many things worry people. You know, till when will job be there, economy, do something in the morning, what skills can we bring today, we bring to our thing we don't know, because they may not be relevant tomorrow. It's the era of Gen-AI, wars are happening. You know, a lot of things are happening in uncertain times. So in these things, you are bringing such a movement together - like-minded, young people, people who will overcome this through their inner strength, by the choice of their lifestyle, and really be able to not survive but thrive for the future. So give us some aspects of a good Satvik lifestyle that you all live. I think when we talk about the Satvik lifestyle, the first perception that comes to people's mind which has become a perception today, that Satvik is equal to no onion no garlic When we talk to people, when we go out to people who don't know about the Satvik movement they always say that Satvik is a lifestyle with no onion no garlic and it is so difficult to break this because it is such a deeply embedded belief but Satvik is actually much more than just no onion, no garlic yes that's important but that's one of the few aspects of a Satvik food regime and even within what Satvik means, food is one aspect of the entire umbrella of what Satvik truly means So I think, I am getting a small example in my mind which I want to share with you which I found very interesting and which really taught me what this word, what this lifestyle really stands for So, once upon a time, three people go to the forest and they walk a lot and get tired and they sit under a tree and they feel hungry He remembers that he didn't pack anything to take with him but he is very hungry One of them says that he is in the middle of the forest One of them says that let's look around, maybe we can find a tree with fruits So he goes out He looks at the tree and finds a tree And there are a lot of mangoes on that tree He finds a huge mango tree and as soon as he finds this mango tree, he gets very happy. So first of all, he says, Thank you God, you have grown such a beautiful mango tree in this dense forest. How did you do it?" So first of all, he says thank you and then he looks down and admires the tree. And then a thought comes that let's pluck the mangoes and eat them. But as soon as he gets this thought, he gets another thought that he shouldn't violate the tree. So first he checks if there are any fruits lying on the ground. So he looks down and finds 20-30 mangoes lying on the ground. So he starts collecting them, sits down and enjoys eating the mangoes. He relishes the mangoes. And then he gets another thought that I have taken so much from the tree. I have taken so many mangoes but I have not given anything back to the tree I have just been grabbing, grabbing, grabbing, I have not given anything back So he takes a piece of mango that he had eaten and plants it there And he thinks that this tree will grow big and how many more passers-by in the forest it will give them back the mangoes and nourish them He goes back to his friends, who were his two companions who had come with him to the forest and he tells them that they must be hungry too, so go and eat mangoes from the tree The second person goes and as soon as he sees the tree, his thoughts change He says, "Oh! So many mangoes! We can earn a lot of money from this!" So he brings an axe with him, takes out the axe from his bag and cuts a big branch of the tree and he says, Let's go, I will take this to the village and sell all the mangoes and we can earn a lot of money from this and the wood that is left, will be sold like firewood, and he can earn money from that too. So he has only one thought in his mind, "How can I gain more from this tree?" And when the third person goes towards the tree, he remembers that a few years ago, he too had grown a mango tree, but it did not give any fruits, and look at this big tree. So he starts getting jealous of this tree, he starts getting envious of this tree. So he takes a matchbox and leaves it under the tree He thinks that this tree is showing off to him He gets filled with anger and burns the tree in madness So when I heard this story for the first time All three people are in the same situation All three are hungry and the same tree is in front of them and then he takes one All these 3 qualities are always present in us Sometimes one quality is more, sometimes another So the first person who gave back to the tree He was operating in the Satvik mode That's why he thought how he can contribute to it How he can give back to this tree, not just take The second person, only one thought was dominant for him Which is greed How can I take more? How can I earn more from this tree? No other thought. And the third person was absolutely foolish. He just burnt that tree down. So the 'Tamas' which is the characteristic of the third person, it is characterized as 'Nidra', 'Aalas' and 'Pramad' which means madness. They get foolish thoughts. So today the kind of lifestyle we are living, what the world is living, is a lifestyle fluctuating between rajas and tamas. Rajas is the mode of passion and tamas is the mode of ignorance. And when we are living in rajas, we are always feeling anxious, we are always feeling restless, we are always feeling angry, we have a lot of ego within us, we have arrogance. When we are In Tamas, we are ignorant, we don't feel like doing anything, just laziness and lethargy takes over us. But when we are in Sattva, that's when we feel the sense of goodness within us. Rajas is passion but Sattva is compassion. So we feel love towards others, we don't commit any violence towards others, We feel a sense of oneness with all beings. We feel fearless when we are in Sattva, we are not afraid of anything. So the Sattvic lifestyle is nothing but a journey from living a life of Rajas and Tamas to being more in the state of Sattva. Because if we want high energy in our body, if we want an absolute clear mind, if we want that we truly live a lifestyle of purity, of just very high energy, We are able to do a lot in our lifetime. We can only do that in the state of Sattva. So the whole lifestyle, all the practices are just means to be more Sattvic. And food is just one element of it. The kind of relationships we have, the kind of people we have around us, the kind of books we read, the kind of music we listen to, everything comes together to decide what is the guna that we are predominantly operating in. So, I think that's such an important point you bring that and you know around the world everybody talks about it differently, right? Like you got to be in the zone, right? Our athlete performs best when they are in that zone. So, they do everything to come into that zone or when we talk of anything you want to achieve, we always discuss you first take care of yourself, go into that state of being before you are in a state of doing. So what you are trying to say is that sattva or the state of sattva is something that how do you stay in that state a lot more and that's the lifestyle and food only helps that. So if someone is not eating onion, garlic but doing everything else, I mean I am just saying they can still call themselves sattvic, right? It's a state of your being. It's not what you put on your plate only. No, no. came to you would you would you say you're not Satvik because they ate onion and we wouldn't even ask, no we wouldn't even ask that's a good point so what so when you say we talk of this as a therefore i i don't want to really call it a Satvik movement i think it's a movement for good yeah it's a it's a it's a movement that helps people you know live up to their best potential yeah it's a movement that will create a what you said compassionate world because today everybody Everybody knows that we need that. But why am I not compassionate? We don't understand that because we are constantly doing things that are taking us away from being in that compassionate zone. What are some of the other lifestyle elements that can bring you back into the zone? Let's keep food aside for a moment. So we have divided the Satvic lifestyle into 7 habits for ease of understanding. Maybe you said that we can share some of the elements. So the first element or let's say the root where it starts is to keep a clean body from within. We keep the outside clean but what is happening inside is unknown to many. So that step is known as detoxification. So, we understand from an example that if there is a car whose main fuel is petrol but if it has diesel in it, then if we add petrol to it, it will not help. Before adding the right thing, we have to remove the wrong thing. Only then we can add the right thing. So this is what happens with our body We have put things inside us in the past which don't belong there So before giving satvik food or diet the first step is to cleanse your body So through that, you remove the toxins or the dirt that has accumulated and then when the right food goes into the body, you can absorb it So we shared a little bit about how we achieve this but that's really the first step of the satvik lifestyle that we talk about. So detoxifying, how does one, I mean, the sattvic way will be, you will have certain steps. But today we, like you know, we say a lot, young people, it's a very toxic world. This person is a toxic person. And you don't look at, you look at it from personality, we look at it from this, whereas Actually, the first step to being in that zone is to detoxify. Besides the Sattvic elements, what can enable a person to detoxify? How would you explain detoxification? When we say that there is a lot of toxicity, at that time we are not talking about the body toxicity, we are saying that that person is toxic. When are we saying that that person is toxic? That person is radiating at a lower vibrational energy. Suppose there is a lot of ego, manipulation, and domination. Then we say this person is toxic and we don't want to be near him. Which means that person is operating at that lower Guna. Satvik, Rajasic, Tamasic are a personality. They are a Sanskar. So Satvik will be highest vibrational, Rajasic will be lower, and Tamasic will be lowest. We are shifting. What is spirituality also teaching? What is mindfulness teaching? What is meditation teaching? Shift from lowest vibration to a highest vibration. Everyone will choose their own way. But the intention should be very clear - we don't want to keep living there. And if we keep living there, we might just go lower. And we are radiating that into the vibration of the planet. The world is becoming like that. So Satvik movement means shifting from that lower vibration to a highest vibration. Everyone should find their own way. But food plays a very important role in that. Because food affects our behaviour and thoughts. We should not look at it in reference to other people. Someone says - I eat this but I don't get angry. He eats vegetarian food but he gets very angry. First of all, you will never get the right answer in comparison to someone else. You just need to look at your personality. What are you? All your good Sanskars. And a few Sanskars which you need to change. Your energy level, your innate feeling. Just look at yourself. Then you bring a change in yourself. And then you check whether your feelings have changed or not. Which means even if you change just one food iteam Which is a lower... You will see a change in yourself. Suppose I am getting angry 5 times out of 10 times And if I change my diet, it will be 2 times out of 5 times. That is 100%. It has to happen but don't do it in comparison to other people. You will never get the correct answer. You have to say - This is who I am. I have brought this change. Now what change is coming in me? When you see that change, you make out that you are rising in your vibration. So Aahar means gut is clean. Because gut and mind are in connection. So if I need to take my mind to a higher vibration Gut cannot be at a lower vibration because gut and mind are connected. So until the gut is not fine Some people are meditating But they are not paying attention to gut health. So people will say - I will not change my food. But I will meditate. But then they are not getting the result of shifting in their Sanskar. Because they have not fixed their gut. It is a package. If I want to bring about a change here, I need to bring about a change here. That is a part of it for you to see the result. That is why eating right is an innate part of behaviour and thinking right Eating right is a very important aspect. So the detoxification that you are talking about, from the body and the mind, together will give you the outcome. And I think that is very important for everyone to realise. This was one. Any other? You said there are seven. I just realised something when Sister Shivani was speaking. When we cleanse the body physically, people tell us and we have experienced it, there is a mental clarity. 100% and we haven't done anything special but because after the toxins are cleared, the body operates on its true vibration Now there is enough scientific evidence also, if you go to the medical community, linking the gut to the state of mind, health and you know, also some neurological experiments are showing that you are at a different state of mind because of the state of the gut So I think scientifically and our youth generation says that this is true but what science has said which is good, we must question but once we understand if we don't make the change then we are only fooling ourselves so with this our own potential enhances significantly because if we are eating right, our mind is clear whatever we do we will do better and we will see a happy couple like what you all are We are not going to ask you what happens in your house, but the Satvik couple represents all those qualities. Sorry, let's move to the next one. Next I will ask Subah to tell us She will tell you about food very nicely. So the first habit of living a Satvik lifestyle is to keep a clean body within. The second habit is called eat food that is living, wholesome and plant-based. So when we talk about sattvic food, we define it into these 3 qualities. It should be living, wholesome and plant-based. So I'll quickly share what each of these mean. Living food means food which has life energy inside it. And the opposite of living food is dead food, which does not have life energy inside it. Now how do we decide what food is living food, what food is dead food? There are essentially 3 markers which can tell us. The first marker is, if it comes straight from the farm to our kitchen, it is a living food. But if that food goes to a factory in between, where it is heavily processed, it becomes a dead food or what we also call a processed food. So a tomato comes straight from the farm to our kitchen, it has life energy inside it, it's a living food. But it goes to a factory where it is chemicalised, it is filled with preservatives and additives and comes to our kitchen, now the tomato has lost its life completely. It's become a processed food and it doesn't have that vibration inside it anymore. Same way a mango coming from the farm to our kitchen is a living food but it goes to a factory and becomes a synthesized mango juice, it's no longer a living food. The second way to identify what's living and what's not living is very interesting. It is if a food eventually rots, it is a living food. So if you put a banana on your kitchen counter, after 3 weeks, 4 weeks, what will happen? It will get completely blackened. There will be some mold growing on it. If you put an apple on your counter, the same thing will happen. But if you put a biscuit on your counter, if you put a packaged cake on your counter, which is coming in those packets, or if you put a burger on your counter, even if you wait for 3 weeks, 4 weeks, even more. There is nothing that's going to happen to it. We did an experiment at home recently, it was very interesting. We made a cake at home and we put it on our kitchen counter. We also bought a cake from the market and we put it on our kitchen counter. We covered it with a transparent box. I think we left it for about 3 weeks or so. You wouldn't believe, after 3 weeks, the homemade cake was full of bacteria, was full of small little white colored worms which were crawling all around the box. When we lifted the box, it was even hard to be around there because it smelled so filthy. And the one from the market, nothing had changed in it. It felt like we had just opened it. Yes, it felt like we put a new cake in it. They put preservatives in it and keep it. So the question is that what is it in that packaged cake that is not allowing it to rot? Because real food is supposed to rot with time. If it's not rotting, that's a problem. So the companies add truckloads of synthetic chemicals and preservatives which increase the shelf life of the product. But what is it doing to our own shelf life? What is it doing to our own longevity? That's something they don't write on the front of the pack. Neither at the back And the third way to identify what food is living and what is dead Is if a food has TV commercials Understand that it is not living food Because if there is a TV commercial of something It's not food anymore It's probably a product Which is being made by a company We will never see a broccoli ad on TV We will never see a papaya ad on TV Because no one has any money to make from this But we will process that same thing and put it in a packet, tin or bottle and start watching its ads So food which comes straight from the farm to your kitchen Food that rots with time, food that doesn't have TV commercials These are signs that it's a living food So fruits, vegetables, grains, nuts, seeds, these are living foods On the other hand, processed foods which are packaged, tinned, bottled have long shelf lives, those are the opposite of living foods. So that's the first principle that we share with the community that eat food that is life energy because only when you eat life you get life. When you eat death you can't get life, you'll only get diseases. I think very interesting because you know, all these packaged foods etc. on what was done because there are people living in all parts of the planet. There are certain areas where it is very cold, you cannot grow fresh fruits and vegetables. You have to take them from somewhere. So you have to put preservatives so that they could last through a winter. But when you are fortunate to be in an area or in a country or in a space where there is a different option, you should prioritize what you are saying. And that will take you into this more Satvik lifestyle. Even if you are not fully Satvik, but even doing more of that compared to what you are doing today, I think you are moving in the right direction. And you were saying this is just one part of the food, the living part. What about the other pieces? Sure. So the second component of Satvik food is wholesomeness. In Hindi, we call it Puranta. And to make it easier, we can say that the way Mother Nature has given us that food, we can eat it with the least amount of interference. Least human interference, least refinement, least extraction So, we all have eaten corn in the streets Imagine what all we can make from it We will be able to understand wholesomeness from it So when we eat corn in its purest, holiest form And if we dry the same corn and make a dough out of it Very wholesome because we have not taken anything out of it yet We have just dried it and grounded it The corn flour But if we take out the sweetness of the same corn And make it into a high fructose corn syrup Now you think we have taken out one element from it And we are using that only Then it is a refined food In our discussion it is no longer having its life or its energy which came So it is not Satvik anymore And if we remove the fiber from the same corn and make it a corn starch so that it acts like a thickener So now you are thinking how much we have extracted from nature So when we have food which is as close to what mother nature gave us it will be the easiest way for our body to digest, assimilate and extract that food So this is the same thing as you understood from the example of corn You can see it as a sweetener Nature gave us sugarcane We extracted it and made it into jaggery And refined it and made it into sugar White sugar So it is very far away from how nature designed it and sent it to us So We can see the same thing in wheat flour There is whole wheat and then there is maida Or there is Unpolished rice or let's say brown or red rice And then there is white rice In various parts of our diet, we can eat food closest to how Mother Nature has designed it to be consumed. So that will be the second quality of Satvik food. I think what you rightly said, when all these things happen, they also get TV commercial value. Because you have done something to it, you have to explain to people why this is, and because people see it, you want it, and then you taste it and it stays in your life. So this whole commercialization of food Earlier, the farmer used to work, earn and sell keep the little value and survive to do other things beyond barter Now it has come to maximizing profit For maximizing profit, I have to create something that is not easily available and do that and then change Will the shift that has happened in the world today, be reversed? Yes, when we get sick, it will definitely happen. Even if it doesn't happen, it will still definitely happen. So anybody who wants to shift in their mind or body Anyone of the two Anyone who feels that they want to make their body healthier Because there is a lot of fear of disease also. Even if it is not there, there is fear of disease because suddenly we are seeing a lot around us Cancer has increased so much. Heart issues have increased in the 20s and 30s. Skin issues, depression, anxiety. So mind issues also and body issues also. If anybody wants to work on that First experiment it. Just experiment. When we hear all this We feel how can it be possible that we will not eat packets? Don't reject. The only beautiful thing is just experiment. If someone does it for 2 or 3 months See change. Big change in mind and body both. Experimentation. Youth is excited towards all this. But youth is also very intelligent and wise to experiment. They are ready for novelty and newness. Experiment to eat what is healthy for your gut. What is easy to digest. The whole rule is only here - what is digested quickly is good for the gut. And what is good for the gut is good for the mind. So just choose carefully. Everything is lying on the table in front of you. Just choose what is easier to digest. Even in cooked food, we say Satvik, Rajasic, Tamsic. Even if it is a vegetable, it is coming directly from the farm. But how much of it you take away from it's originality, if you eat it raw, You have taken it in its Satvik form. If you saute it or boil it, it reduces a little. But if you add so much oil, spices, and keep roasting it The nutrients inside it will get over. Now it has a taste. We made it tasty but health gets reduced. Now this raw food that we had eaten, it is easier to digest. But if we make it tasty with so many spices, it is difficult to digest. It is a very simple line of process. So even if you are cooking a vegetable, make it easy. Even the process of cooking. It is not that you are eating raw food every time. But don't make it so that the actual power inside it is finished. And it is just tasty. So we just need to change our priority of eating. Don't eat for taste. Eat for health. But can't we cultivate our taste? Because ultimately After 3 months, it doesn't feel good to eat it again. Because it's all about habit. So the taste is also formed by habit. Some people say that they love this taste. Yes, it's a habit. Because in our tongue, from what I understand, there are multiple sour, sweet... We have many pieces on our tongue that unleash all of these flavours. So if we don't appreciate any kind of flavour for some time, then we won't be able to eat it. So even your taste can technically be cultivated. And I think you have written a book on Satvic food, on tasty and delicious things. So did that come from more consumer demand that we will eat Satvic food only but make it tasty for us. I think specially for kids. Not just kids, even for us So I think people want to, there are steps, I think for us even 2-3 weeks of following a lifestyle, the taste buds adapt really fast And before you know it you are really relishing and I think perception is one, that you tell someone that we have not added sugar in it They think it is not good, but you don't say anything, just feed them, it is very tasty, what did you add That's the way, absolutely. Without telling, the change should be introduced. Because the mind should not be barriered. Many people will not even understand if there is onion or garlic if you feed them. But if you tell them that there is no onion or garlic, they will say that the taste is not good. In our ashram, we don't add onion or garlic. Even in our homes, none of us add it. So when people don't know, I say, what will you feed us? You don't add onion or garlic. it can't be made tasty. So we stopped telling them - first eat it and then tell them. When they eat it, they say it is very tasty. And then you say that it did not have onions and garlic. Again the mind will change and say - Oh, that is why it was tasting a little different. So it is our deep-rooted belief system. So first experimentation is most important. If we experiment, then they know which direction we have to go. Please explain why onions and garlic are bad. It is not bad. Again the word is not bad. No, no, no, because... I use that word intentionally... that you are better off not eating having onion and garlic, assuming... because you started that Satvik food is completely of that... so people just rebel that we have it available... Today we get a thousand things in the world... we have always eaten... so if we don't want to eat it or not... we should know why not... so can you shed some light? Sure. So, onion and garlic, why they are not considered as Satvik foods, is because they are essentially stimulants. So if you go to a Dhaba, you must have noticed that the first thing they will keep in front of you is Onion. A bowl of onion and some chillies. So this is not by chance, this is not just a coincidence. But because they know that when we eat onion before a meal, it increases our desire to eat more. So it gives birth to more and more and more desire within us. Now it's not like we do it once, we do it twice, it'll make any change. But as a lifestyle, when we are putting it in every meal, in every dish of ours, we essentially start to become more and more wishful, and we become less and less content in our lives. So that's why in a lot of spiritual texts, in a lot of spiritual organizations at a lot of yoga schools, even Asana schools which teach Yoga Asanas, they recommend their students not to have onion and garlic for those days when they're doing their yoga practice, because it doesn't keep your mind stable. It basically keeps your mind in a state of constant desire of more. That's why even at a Dhaba, they want you to crave more and more and more, so that you eat more and more and more, so that they make more. They give it for free normally, it doesn't even cost anything, because you ordered two dishes, so that cost automatically got recorded. Earlier, they used to say that the price of onions has increased, sometimes it happens, but still you will get onions in Dhaba. So I think what you are saying, it stimulates and keeps you... And I think the best way for people to test it People should test it by eating a bowl of onions and observing the day. And then if they don't eat, they can see how the day goes. Maybe that could be a good way. In Indian culture, on the day of Pooja or Navratri, we don't eat onions and garlic. It is innate in us. The day you want to live on a higher vibration, You want to remember God, you want to meditate with a lot of concentration, By default, that onion-garlic is there in us since generations. We don't eat onion-garlic on those days. So the day you want to keep your mind and body Satvik, We don't eat onion-garlic. That is half of the category of Tamas. And if we want to be Satvik the whole time, The less of that you eat, the more likely you are to be in that state and zone and to me for the young people it is the zone of best performance it is the zone when your body is performing at its best and who would not want to have an optimal so what you are saying that if the desire is less then the food means you will lose weight also because of this I am not going to hold you for that but if you eat more onion do you eat more quantity also it definitely makes you over eat But there are so many factors that decide whether you lose weight or not. But one small thing, because nowadays what can we do for weight loss? This is more protein, so maybe if we eat less onions, -it can be done. -But desire not just about food, -just desires. -Agreed. But one of the desires is more food. Also, I would like to add that if someone is not adding onion and garlic in their meals, but is adding chilies in abundance, and you are adding other pungent spices like ginger so it's not going to be of any use because ultimately you have to make it, like Sister Shivani was saying minimally spiced and when you make it excessively spiced even if you are not adding onion garlic, it's not truly satvik food it might be satvik by the label no onion no garlic or the technical definition of the word but truly satvik food is that like my teacher used to say that when you When you eat potatoes, you should taste the potatoes When you eat bottle gourd, you should taste the bottle gourd When you eat any vegetable, you should taste it And we just taste the spices It's been 40-50 years, but we never taste the vegetables So it shouldn't be like that It's more in our culture When you go to the West, you don't have as much, it's less But of course, the non-vegetarian quotient is higher But in many of them, when they come, they love because it opens up physically your sinuses and many other things and you feel good or you feel something different from what you are but balancing this, what you are saying, is probably the best thing for us to do and now there are other aspects to food as well, right? The third and the final aspect is plant-based food Subha, will share a little bit about what it means, what is plant-based food? It's a very cool word these days plant-based protein, plant-based lifestyle, plant-based whatever. So yes, we would love to understand. Eating plant-based simply means eating food that comes from plants and not from animals. So, one of the foods that is not considered plant-based is meat that many of us, you know many people today consume so why i think we must understand that why is it that a satvik diet promotes being plant-based in the way that we are taught we are taught to look at food only in terms of how much protein is in it how much calcium is in it how many nutrients are in it how many calories are there we are not taught more than that even while we are in school so our understanding of perception food starts getting shaped only from this but actually our food it's not something inert food is not something lifeless every food has a certain energy in it every food has a certain vibration in it and when we eat food that has a vibration of suffering which is a vibration of pain which has a vibration of energy which involves torture so we can't be healthy by consuming that energy we can't be happy by consuming suffering so whatever meat comes, we are sealed from the view whether it's kids or adults it's just the reality sealed off from our view but what happens in factory farms how those animals, whether it's a hen or a pig how they are kept in small cages for months how they are injected with antibiotics how they become so numb that they live in a half-conscious state for so many months. When they are transferred from a factory farm to a slaughterhouse, they are so scared that they don't even get out of the truck. They don't even get off the truck. And then factory workers put electrical rods on them so that they can move forward and get out of the truck. Then they are hanged and slaughtered. So what would the animal feel in this process? Pain, Suffering, the feeling of anger. So when we chop the body of the animal and send it to the supermarket and it lands on our plate all those feelings remain intact in it it just goes away. Yes, we can't see our emotions through a microscope. We can't see our emotions in a chemistry lab. But just because we can't see it, doesn't mean it doesn't exist. So the energy of the animal, that same energy, before dying, that same energy is transferred to us. This is not to say that if we eat meat, we become an angry person. Our mental health has a lot of factors that decide how we are mentally. But it is worth understanding that our food has more than just proteins, vitamins, calcium. That's important, very important, yes. But energy of our food is also very important. So when we consume animals or any foods that are coming from animals and even dairy products for that matter, that's another reality which is completely sealed off from our view. So, in the last 2 years, Harsh and I, ourselves have been going and visiting a lot of dairy farms all across India. So we went to dairy farms in Calcutta, we went to dairy farms in Chennai, in Bombay, in Delhi, many major cities. And, the place where our milk comes from, the nation where it gets its milk from, we've gone to those dairy farms and seen it with our own eyes. what are the conditions there. We paint a picture like that, whether it's on the tetra pack or in the advertisements, that it's a very lush pasture where our cows are playing, running around, and they are being taken care of. But in reality, the actual reality is completely different. Actually, where our milk is coming from, there are small sheds. 40-50 cows are cramped in one shed. The cows are tied with a rope of 3 feet. And the cows spend their entire life tied up. They are never left alone or taken for a walk. You can imagine the mental condition of the cow when it is tied up for a long time. The calf is separated from the cow. The dairy industry's goal is to extract milk from the cow and sell it for consumption If a calf drinks milk, it will obviously not be sold So we went to all the dairy farms and we barely saw any calves Whenever we asked the farmer about their calf, they would try to avoid that question Not only this, but the cows that we used to serve like our mother, today we treat them like a machine. When a mother does not have a child, she does not give milk. Similarly, a cow gives milk for her child. So when her child is separated from her, she stops giving milk. But the industry needs milk, so how will they get milk? They are injected with a chemical called oxytocin once or twice a day which artificially makes them produce milk We saw with our own eyes how in every farm, when a farmer comes they are stabbed from behind with that injection and the cows start giving milk And when the cows stop giving milk Any cow has a limit to how much milk she can produce Because they treat them like a product Now that they have exceeded their capacity What will they do with the cow? They sell it for slaughter So today you might know India is one of the world's biggest producers of milk It is also one of the world's biggest exporters of beef This is not a coincidence The milk industry, the dairy industry is feeding the beef industry, the meat industry This is so hidden from our view when we know that we can't even comprehend the reality of this industry But the truth is that what we are shown about our milk and dairy is very far from what's actually happening on the ground So in the same way, the emotion of the mother is transferred to us when we are consuming that milk There have been studies which have been done which have found that the condition in which the cow lives that condition starts affecting her mind and those stress hormones get transferred to us when we drink that milk There have been studies which have been done which said that today 70% 3/4th of the world's population actually doesn't even have the enzyme needed to digest the milk So most of us do not have the capacity to digest milk. We have lost the capacity to digest milk. And that is why so many health problems are increasing. It's one of the reasons. So that's why coming back to the core, eat living, eat wholesome and also eat plant-based. Because any food coming after causing any kind of harm to another being cannot give us health or happiness. It is also affecting the planet and the climate change and sustainability in its own way, right? Absolutely. So many organizations today have declared that a plant-based diet is the most sustainable diet in the world. Because to feed animals, to raise animals, to eat them for meat, there's a lot of forest area that has to be deforested, that has to be cleared up to create the space to keep them. There's a lot of food that needs to be grown only for the animal. There's a lot of water that needs to be wasted only for growing that animal. So factory farming or animal agriculture is one of the biggest reasons for a lot of the environmental problems that we face today, whether it's methane emissions, whether it is deforestation. So worldwide today, a plant based diet is being known and it's coming up more and more today. There's so many documentaries that are emerging today which are sharing how this is the most sustainable way that we can live. Yes, it has been there in our India's history. And I think it also adds to that, you know, the Vasudev, Kutumbakam, the fact that we are all, you know, one family, be it, you know, whatever is living. And I think it's very important because today's youth, and I talk to them and I meet them, many of them will say we are ambassadors for sustainability, climate change. It's a big concern for us, that what will happen to our planet. And I think this is a very good emotion and feeling which exists. And this is now global, you know, and I think even the world is recognizing them. You know, large forums are recognizing sustainability champions, you know, climate change champions. In that light, you know, we have to connect, you know, certain habits, certain things that people do to really help make a better planet, you know, and you all are both representative of this youth generation, of course, definitely, you know, compared to the two of us, more relevant to that generation. So when you talk about some things like this, you know, and you're able to see change in Are you finding younger people actually aligning to this? Do you find... Is there some messaging that... I don't know if you have something to add to this... That can enable people to know what they should do to help bring a better and a greener planet? Greener, healthier, happier. Everything. So it's not just greener, healthier and happier. So whatever has been explained so far, just experiment. And most of the youth today also say they are animal lovers. If a dog or cat gets hurt on the road, they start crying. Because they saw it. They are not able to see it. If you are not able to see it, go and see it. If you cannot go and see it, then go online and watch its video. Watch it until it brings a determination in you That I cannot do this to another being. First of all, compassion that I cannot do this to another being. And second - I can't put this energy into my system. So you can't say - I am an animal lover, but this is fine. So that is not matching. It is not getting aligned in the principles. So the first is that. Second is that it is affecting you vibrationally. Gut health. Even in medical science, and doctors talk about it openly That an animal-based diet is not giving a very good thing for the gut health. Earlier we used to say that it is because the doctor has advised us to eat it for proteins. Now that is over. We are eating it just for taste. There is no other reason left. But 4 or 5 years back I gave up dairy. Leaving Nonveg happened way back, but I gave up dairy. There is so much change. Such a change I can see in myself. Physically also and then obviously vibrationally also. And then people ask how it will work for them. But you have so many options. You can make almond milk, cashew milk, sesame milk, coconut milk. It may taste different for a few days. But after a few days, it is all about a few days. After a few days, you will not remember that taste. On her YouTube channel, she had shared a recipe of peanut curd. It has been 5 years since I am having that peanut curd. You won't remember that other curd. So it is a transition of a few days. And you can transition from that animal-based diet to a plant-based diet. You will never turn back. It takes at least a month to experiment. So you don't miss anything. Because you are getting everything that you were eating earlier, but a healthy version of it. And now we move to those five other areas. that when we went to these dairy farms, we didn't need any permission We just put it in Google, dairy farms near us Those dots come, you drive and go They welcome you and show you everything So when the reality comes in front of our eyes We don't need convincing We feel that we cannot contribute to this So this is a request If you are listening, just put it in Google Maps Dairy farms near us and go Just remember that it should not be a cow shed, it should be a commercial dairy where the real milk is coming from And whatever you see, you will surely decide that I don't want to be supporting this So I feel like when you see a dog, there is a connection in the way, you should also go and see a cow I know and now we talk of industry, the pet industry is growing significantly I mean, I've had proposals from many startup founders who come to me, we are part of this pet industry. Pet is really, you know, how people are adopting and there's so much that is happening to pamper the animal and, you know, keep them happy and healthy and so many things. And at the same time, you know what you're saying, this dichotomy which exists in society is for us to see what we champion more, you know, through our choices. I think that's the way. But yes, let's move on. This is a habit that most of us already know about but often is neglected It's the power of sleep We all know that we have to charge our battery at night Similarly we have to charge our body and mind When we sleep at night our body gets charged Even knowing this we don't give priority and importance to sleep As much as it deserves So in our third habit. we explain how one can experience sleep just like a baby does So the habit is called sleep like a baby And I would like to tell you a small research to explain the power of good sleep Both quantity and quality of sleep If we are able to sleep well then how much power does it have Researchers divided people into two groups One group slept for more than 7 hours and the other group slept for less than 5 hours And equally, they put a virus in their nose which is a cold trigger They artificially put the cold flu to see what happens You won't believe The group that slept for 7 hours In those groups, the number of people who got cold after getting infected versus the group in which people slept less Can you guess the ratio of actually catching the virus? Must be triple or maybe more 5 times So if one person got cold in the group in which people were sleeping for 7 hours then the group in which people were sleeping less, out of that 5 people got the same cold whereas all the other parameters were same So this goes to show the power of healing energy in just having adequate quantity and quality of sleep So I don't want to go in too much depth but we really don't tap into this free resource that God has given us which is good sleep and there are many things in it What is this quality of sleep? Some people think that I have slept 7 hours but what is your REM sleep, deep sleep I am sure there is a lot of science today. We need to do a simple thing - switch off the TV a couple of hours before going to sleep. Meditate for 5-10 minutes in silence. Take your mind to a slow-down pace and then go to sleep. Release it. Journal writing is how we have discussed on the podcast. Don't take your emotions or any other thing that is troubling you to sleep. Because it will trouble you even in your sleep. You write it down, you release it. You read something good which will give you an answer. Or listen to something good to slow down. Don't just fall off to sleep. Sleeping should be a nice process. It is like a geared vehicle. If you go in 5th gear, you will not park it. You park it again in 5th, 4th, 3rd, 2nd, 1st gear. You need to take it into deep sleep. Today we fall off to sleep in a stimulated state because we are physically tired. The whole day is hyper. Before going to sleep, we make it even more hyper. For example, if it is my me time, I scroll through my phone and check it. We stimulate it more than it was stimulated. It is not possible to sleep for long hours. If we don't have deep sleep, we cannot energize. So we need to take care of it throughout the day. We should eat dinner early at night. We should not eat it at night but in the evening. So we need to stop calling it the night. It is the evening meal. When we come back from work, we should not have any snack. That should be our snack and that is our dinner. So 6.30 or 7 p.m. should be the time to digest food before going to sleep. Before going to sleep, we should not look at the content of the mind which stimulates us. We should write a journal and release our day. And then after a good slowdown of music, we should just slow down. Whichever way everybody practices. Those who meditate will do that. Those who affirm will repeat affirmations. Which means take your mind to a higher vibrational thought. It will be slower. Now you go to sleep, you will be able to go to the Delta stage of deep sleep very quickly. And if you go to sleep early, you will get charged up quickly. So we need deep sleep. So we have covered the third habit which is very, very important. So the fourth habit is called celebrate movement. So the kind of lifestyle we live today, we wake up in our bed, from our bed we go straight to the toilet, from the toilet we go straight to sitting on our dining table and having our breakfast, from there we go straight to our car where we sit and we either take a a cab or we sit in a metro or we sit in our train, bus, we go to work, we spend the whole day sitting at an office desk, just sitting, sitting, sitting, working all day. If we even get up, we get up to go to the cafeteria, have our lunch, go back to our car or our transport, come back, sitting home. After we get home, we sit on our couch, watch TV, and then we slide ourselves back into bed. So the life we have designed around is just sitting, sitting, sitting all day. But if you go back to any time in history, if we go back and see our ancestors, even our great-grandparents, what was their lifestyle? They never had so much sitting involved. Their entire lifestyle, they used to always be on the move. Whether they were working in farms, whether they were grinding flour, whether they are filling water from a well, they were always on the move, and this is one of the laws of nature that a body in motion stays alive and a body that is always stationary starts to decompose. So if we are always stationary our body starts to decompose. So they knew this and their life was designed around movement but today we are losing this essential practice. or as a society we are facing something called sitting disease and so many of the diseases today are happening because we are sitting all day. So I think you know when you combine that with food which is heavy and you don't sleep and then you have this sitting it just enhances the whole yes the whole thing... very good. So the habit that we speak of is called celebrate movement it's not Exercise everyday. It's called celebrate movement. What does that mean? That we have got a body. Today we have the ability to move it. We can jump, we can walk, we can climb a mountain, we can lift our hands up in the sky. This is a privilege. But when we think about exercise, what do we think? Oh, I have to exercise. Oh, I don't want to. We have started seeing it as a punishment. To move our bodies, to have the ability to move our bodies is not an obligation, it's not a punishment it's a celebration of our body's aliveness. So if we start to think that we don't have to move every day, we get to move, we have a fully functioning body which allows us to move every day, it changes our mindset towards it. And any movement that we deeply enjoy, whether it's running... We at Satvic Movement talk a lot about Yoga, the Asana aspect of Yoga, how powerful of a movement that is But celebrating movement for even a little time everyday, 30-60 minutes, whatever a person is able to take out in their life deeply deeply affects one's health, not just for the body but also for the mind Because we know how bodily movements boost our digestion How movements give a cleanse to our body But more importantly, the effect of movement is also on our mental health Because when we move our body everyday, it secretes happy hormones like dopamine, serotonin, adrenaline And it uplifts our mood for the whole day There was another very interesting study at the University of Vermont, this was done in 2015, which I found very fascinating. This was done on about 13,000 school children. And they found out that students who are moving their body, who are doing some kind of movement, 4 to 5 times a week, have a much lower level of sadness than children who are not. It's not just that, bullied students who were bullied had a much lower risk of suicide. Students who were moving their bodies were suiciding much less compared to those who were not. So it's not just that it's good to hear, but actually if you're not moving, it starts to impact our mind. And if you do it joyfully, and you do that, it just enhances the strength of what you are doing. Yes. Yeah. So the fifth habit is moving towards a little less physical and more subtle part of our being. And this is called nourishing relationships. And while Sister Shivani herself shares so much about how we can maintain good relationships, there is one aspect that we have found in our own lives has been profound. And I would like to tell you that When we go to school in our childhood We are taught how to write How to read We are also taught how to speak eloquently In debate competitions But there is one thing Which is rarely taught in school is How to listen How to listen to what others are saying We noticed that in today's world Where the attention span There are so many people but everyone is feeling lonely Maybe there are so many people around So the root reason for this is that we can only think about ourselves and what is going on in our mind Even now when I am talking to you I am thinking what I will say next What will I ask? Not that what you are saying I am able to listen to it peacefully So this habit of just truly fully Not just with our ears but with our full body listening to the other person had such a tremendous impact on the quality of the relationship we have we didn't realize till we experienced it The other person when we without giving advice without stopping let the whole thing complete and listen to it properly so that the other person feels the sense of love the sense of being allowed to be who they are so we have experienced this in our own life just by virtue of being a good listener We can build trust amongst each other and allow the relationships to thrive And when we tell our community about workshops They write to us and tell us How someone's child refuses to go to school So first the mother says, "No, you don't have fever, you have to go to school" So when they attend the workshop, they told, one day the child said, "I won't go to school today". The mother asked what happened. So the mother didn't interrupt, we have just learnt it, we are goingb to practice it They just listen, "What happened son?" and slowly the child opened up and said I get bullied in school and you know I don't want to go then the parents realized the matter is something else we have never heard about those feelings if we stop it immediately the child also stops saying anything and how something so simple led to a beautiful parent-child relationship we have experienced such relationships don't interrupt, don't give advice, don't ask questions, just listen and the relationship thrived That's why God has given us two ears and one mouth So that we at least listen double of what we speak And somewhere I feel that God has given us some capability, it's a little easy for us I mean we can do it And maybe other people also ask us that how are you listening so calmly, why didn't you say anything We feel that we are interested in listening So it's not that difficult, I mean we feel Anyone can learn this skill, we were not taught but we can learn So practice and experience it, and as Sister Shivani says, experiment, this is also a part of it. Next time someone is saying something to you, just listen, don't interrupt, and you will realise how much the other person will feel good, and your relationship will become very deep. This happens because we have an opinion on what the other person is saying, either it is good or opposing, most times the other way, opposing, and we want to express how much we know more than... and most times it is that... you know, in couples, there is more of it, right? So, there is a saying of a Satvik couple, "When one speaks, let the other listen." I think that's a good... and if one speaks all the time, then what does the other person do? So, there are many couples where one speaks more and the other speaks less, just like that. -It's perfect, right? -Yes, it's perfect. So, how is it between you two? Who speaks more between the two of you? I think we both speak according to our needs. That's a diplomatic answer. Okay, tell me who speaks more. I think... I don't know how to understand this. Both seem equal. We are in a podcast, so you have to speak. You decide who has spoken more. Who has spoken more? I will go to your opening line. When we started, I was telling you the secret to a good Satvic couple is when I started, you looked at her and asked her to speak So I think that was in the context, it explained what you just said. I think it is about bringing all of this into your practice day to day life. You know, sometimes, many times we talk about our theory. We have understood a lot, we have done a lot. But what effort did we take after that? What we learnt? What did we do? Did I go today and say, "Okay, today I am not going to eat onion and see what is going to happen to me." I think in these steps, our lethargy comes. and because we have so many things coming up, we forget them after 2 days and more than forgetting, we get reminded of 50 things so my only request to all the people who are listening to this podcast if you take one or two things from this and practice it and change it I think it will be a... you test it, experiment and see how it goes but I think we still have 2 more left, you tell us So our first habit was all about keeping a clean body inside Second was eating food which is living, wholesome and plant based Third habit was all about sleep, it was called sleep like a baby Fourth habit was celebrate movement Fifth habit which Harsh just shared was called nourish relationships Now the sixth habit and as we are telling you the habits Whoever is listening will feel how will we do all this? So as you said, I think it's very true that it's very difficult to start everything together Even if you start just one of these things, it's like all the others automatically get fed and you are able to implement those So the sixth habit, the second last habit which brought the most profound impact in our life is called "Live with a purpose worth jumping out of bed for" So many of us are living a life where we absolutely hate our work We despise what we do in our professional life We don't like to do it And that's something we are spending 6-8 hours of our day in And yet if our feeling and emotion is that we don't want to do it Then we can't be joyful So in this habit we share that each of us are born with an innate strength A strength that God has given us and sent us which is very easy for us to do When we read the Gita, we call it our "Swa-Dharma" What is our natural "Swa-Dharma" what gets easily done by us naturally So when we align our professional life with that and not do the opposite work then our work starts happening easily So for me, for example, my Swadharma is that if there is any work of writing, design, communication it's like I feel like a fish in a pond but if you ask me to do finance work, numbers related work I won't be able to do it because it is not aligned with my innate strengths. But for Harsh, it's the opposite. If he is asked to do design work or writing work, he won't be able to do it as easily as he can do something to do with numbers or marketing. So when we are able to align our innate strengths with what we are doing every day, and one more step in that, when we are able to use our innate strengths to serve others in any way. That is what really makes our purpose. So we find our passion, we find our innate strengths, that's not enough. When we are able to utilize those strengths for a greater good, to really uplift humanity in any way and we combine innate strengths with seva, that is what our true purpose is. So it's a very vast topic, It's a very deep topic, it can't be done justice in a few minutes. But what we have realised is that when we live in alignment with our Swadharma, with our purpose, we are able to live a much more joyful life. How does one find one's purpose? See, again, she shared that she doesn't like numbers, he likes numbers... Many people will be thinking, "But this is my job." If I don't get it, how will I do it? Everybody right now doesn't have that option to be able to choose. Like they have already chosen what is that purpose. But if someone has a job and I am not interested in numbers, but my job is all about numbers. But then we need to change our thinking about it. When we keep saying everyday that I don't like to do this work, then that becomes my affirmation. And as I keep repeating that affirmation, the stress about that work increases. So whatever we are doing, if we have chosen it, then that is aligned. But if we have not chosen it, it has just come as a job to me. Now you can align it. But if you repeatedly complain about it, if you repeatedly grumble about it Even if it is good, your mind does not perceive it as good. Even then it takes your energy down. Sometimes you like what you are doing, but you don't like that place, you don't like the people, you don't like the work-life balance. So complaining about workplace is that which is a depletor. Also we need to remember that money from that place comes to our house. And that money nurtures the whole family. So that money should come with the energy of contentment and gratitude. Even if you don't like it, just write down a few of your thoughts. And change the word - work stress. Stress word does not get joined with work. Because everybody is using that word - stress. Work is not stress. It can be an energizer or a blessing. Today there are many people who have lost their job. Ask them. They are ready to do any job at this time. You have that gratitude and contentment. So if we just shift our focus here, we can align with it and make it a higher purpose. Most important is the intention that we are going to give the world. We are not going to take it from there. What will people who work with me get from me today? If we think on a higher purpose, we will enjoy that place a lot. So if you are firm, you will find your purpose, your strength, everything aligned. Yes, absolutely. Last and final. So this is the one which has had its biggest impact on our journey. Which is live in the mode of surrender. We have to live such a life in which we see ourselves as a surrendered soul. Which means whatever is happening is for the good. And there is a higher power, you can call it whatever you want. Whatever is the best things for our only those situations are getting created and we are playing our role in it It may sound like high philosophy but we have experienced so many times in our practical life that we feel something is wrong or should not have happened and after a few days we understand that this is the plan This is the whole story and sometimes we don't realize it, it takes even longer But when we are able to look at all situations as they have come to help us These are our best forts So we don't get affected by it that much We don't get entangled with it, we don't fight with it, we don't resist it Then we don't get upset, angry, stressed in that moment And we can take it with a smile and relax So we can discuss this as health or simple events that keep happening in our day to day life Many people with whom we share this, they also realize that we get unnecessarily caught up with small things So this habit reminds us that there is a larger purpose There is a divine force guiding us at each step Are we able to be aware and not think that we are doing everything, it is going according to us that little shift in how we perceive and see something can decide whether we get affected or we smile and say okay what's to learn what will we learn from this so I think the one who is experiencing this knows what is going on no one can say or see but there is a peace someone is there who is holding my hand no matter what and that is the ultimate peace and you are able to create that gap between you and what is actually happening that surrender helps make that really a easy, joyful journey, if nothing else. Yeah, easier said than done. But I feel that's the journey, that's the path. And it feels right. Every step, you feel like someone's guiding you. Someone's almost whispering in your ear, do it like this, now do this. Like that That surrender is there. Wow, thank you. Thank you. You don't have to go to look at any Western ideologies, books, you know, here are the seven best things, the seven best whatever, nine best, 10 best, 12 best. You guys have created something which is so ingrained in what is there and so simple for young people to really take on and make it the way they're going to live their life. We started with the fact that both of you did face some health issues. And that's how you all got into this. Maybe you want to take us a little bit through how some simple health challenges can be resolved through some of the things that you have talked, maybe a little exercise or something that you can do. It will be great for our audiences to understand. Definitely. So these 7 habits, as you said, those who find them relevant, they can start from there and that will trickle down to all. And one particular, I would not say habit in the sense, it's not part of these 7 habits, but one particular technique which I learnt and that helped me get rid of my eyeglasses. So I had an eye power which forced me to wear glasses and I learnt these eye exercises because of which today I can comfortably see perfect vision without eyeglasses. And if you want I can quickly demonstrate. So you had glasses and now you don't? I had eye power and I followed these exercises and some more than just these are the These exercises were the base but there were some other techniques and by virtue of doing those today I can see perfect vision without any glasses. So this is for those who have glasses and getting rid and those who don't want to get glasses, this exercise I am sure will help. I don't want to say you will definitely get rid because every person has a different power. But there will be improvement. Let's end with that exercise that you have. We will not do the whole exercise now. I will just show you very quickly. So there are a set of 5 exercises So the first exercise is basically looking up and then looking down looking up So we have to repeat this 10 times After this, take a small break Same thing but sideways this time So right, left right left This is the second exercise After this, the third exercise is when we move our eyeballs diagonally Top right, bottom left, top right, bottom left. By the way, we have to repeat this 10 times. We will do the same thing in the opposite direction. Top left, bottom right, top left, bottom right. So this is the third exercise. The fourth one is we will make circles with our eyes. 5 sets of circles clockwise and 5 sets of circles anticlockwise. So I will just show one as a demo. Slowly, you'll move your eyeball in one direction and then you'll repeat it five times and then you'll close your eyes, take a break for just two seconds and then repeat it in the other direction like this. So this is our fourth exercise and the fifth exercise is something called eye push-ups. So you basically take your thumb, you place it in front of you and you focus your eyes on the tip of the nail and you take it slowly away from you When your hand is fully stretched out When your hand is completely straight then you will focus on your distance away from your finger just behind the finger Then you will bring it back on the finger, on the nail and slowly So you may feel a little strain, no problem Then we will repeat this As soon as it becomes straight, we will shift the focus to the back and bring it back You can repeat this 10 times When you do all these 5 exercises daily It will take you at most 7-8 minutes You will start to see your eyes will become Physically, like the muscles of the eyes will become stronger But the strain you feel and you feel tired in your eyes, that will start decreasing slowly and if your number is not too high, then it will also decrease in a few days and in a digital age where we are looking at so much devices and so much I am sure this exercise applies to everyone, even those who are watching us and watching this podcast and not only hearing it this is beneficial for them also you have heard this, you have spent so much time, now do this exercise Very easy And then you can watch more Think Right episodes And anyone can do this, wherever you are, in a car, in a metro, anywhere you can do this And you devised this yourself? No, I have learnt this You have learnt this from some techniques Yeah, so these are very popular exercises And the essence is that if you want to increase your bicep, you have to strain it a little You have to strengthen your eye muscles, you have to push it a little from the comfort zone If you do it too much at once, it will hurt, but just enough Gradually that muscle will get built and then the eyes will become strong Such a wonderful way to end this wonderful conversation You know the 7 things that we have seen or we have heard when you are able to adapt and adopt all of that and you get into that Satvikta, whatever we want to call it that zone the state of awareness and be there more and more you know, then all things like this will come naturally. So I would call it 7+ because once you do this 7 in small steps, then your life will change completely. But thank you so much for sharing your time, for sharing this knowledge with so many others and I am sure others who have heard will benefit. And maybe I am going to end with giving a final word To our enlightened sister Shivani To kind of give the last message to the people who have Spent so much time listening to this entire conversation. What is your message to those who have heard this? It feels good to listen to it. We feel like doing it. But one weak thought in our mind tells us that we might not be able to do it. For a few days we keep that thought behind. We don't take up all of them at once We take up just one thing. And we do that one thing regularly for 1 or 2 months. When we do one thing, we get a benefit from it. It will give you the power to do another thing. And in a few months you will change your lifestyle by 360 degrees. But that will not just change your health of the body. That will change your state of mind. At a time when depression and anxiety are increasing so much Even if it is not depression and anxiety It can change your stress, aggression, low feelings. And it also rectifies your relationships. So when we think - I should leave this and that You are not leaving anything. You are changing something Because of which you are going to get a lot. Nothing is lost. You get a lot. A healthy body, a happy mind, and beautiful relationships. And automatically you also become the ambassador to change someone else's life. There is a lot to do. Just do a little experiment this time. Definitely take this up from today's podcast. Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you Harsh. Thank you so much.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ThinkRightApp [38 likes]: If you could start just one of these 7 habits today, which would it be? Tell us in the comments below!
  2. @ChitraRaju-c8i [2 likes]: God bless you tankyou
  3. @casioprogram [2 likes]: 🕉 शान्ति🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏.......you are doing great work. i pray that 30 - 40 minites yoga exercises / chair yoga are also done in mornings and evenings with raja yoga meditation, murli etc
  4. @casioprogram [2 likes]: Nice information.
  5. @heenaabichandani5948 [1 likes]: I have ask how i will get life partner
  6. @heenaabichandani5948 [1 likes]: Hi gud morning
  7. @ArjunSingh-bh3uz [1 likes]: Nice combination video spiritual & physical angles❤❤
  8. @priyareddy2545 [1 likes]: What a combo - could never thought of 😍😍😍
  9. @pallavi_pawar_betul [1 likes]: true satvik couple ✅
  10. @surabhisagar2159 [1 likes]: Even fridges also keeps the food alive for long time.
  11. @heenaabichandani5948: ❤❤
  12. @PradeepKumar-z1s1z: To buy fruits and other foods need money medicines can be got free govt. Supply
  13. @PradeepKumar-z1s1z: Want to join you renowned a cup reassure therapist /ex cystocopist
  14. @kirantiwari4357: ❤😊
  15. @SimranKaur-py3bz: One of the most beautiful podcast .
Thank you kindly for inviting and sharing this immense joy with me .
  16. @meenakshiodedra9523: I was seeing how harshvardhan is silently listening something very very different quality very rare !
  17. @radhikayadav9179: Tha truth of life 👏
  18. @kavithanair3803: First of all Thank you Shivani didi for giving me a new life and this show is soo good.Love Satvik.Like the way Rajni Sir.Thank you..Divine bless All❤❤❤❤
  19. @ShivaniyadavLifestyle-z7z: Hindi me podcast kariye 😢
  20. @vandana6152: Aap sb Hindi m baat Kiya karo

- 8 Game-Changing Habits of Top 1% Women: Kind: captions Language: en We've all had that one friend whose life is just so put together, achieving all her goals, energized, in control, thriving, and seemingly succeeding at every part of life. That lifestyle can seem completely unattainable. But what if I told you that with the right systems and evidence-based habits, you also have the potential to create the life that you want? [music] And no, you don't have to wake up at 5:00 a.m. drinking pured kale on the way to Pilates to achieve it. The truth is, the most successful women I know operate from a completely different playbook when it comes to how they invest their time, energy, and attention. And today, I'm sharing eight transformative, proven habits that will make all the difference. Going from doctor to content creator to tech founder, and spending time with high achieving women, crushing it in all of these fields made me realize how I'd been approaching success all wrong. I'd analyze what really worked, writing down their habits, and learning about the psychology behind why they work. And honestly, implementing these habits has literally changed my life. and [music] I hope it's about to change yours, too. These aren't your typical productivity tips. Some of these habits will challenge everything that you think you know about success. Habit number six particularly changed the game for me. If you're new here, my name is Izzy. I'm a doctor and tech founder. And on this channel, we explore the strategies and mindsets to help you [music] fulfill your potential in life. As a companion to this video, I've also created a completely free guided journaling pack for making this shift from your current life to creating your dream reality. So, if you're interested in that, you can check it out down below completely for free. And without further ado, let's dive in. The first habit is designing systems wherever possible, not just goals. So, while goals are really good for setting a direction, and I think they're really important for that, systems are actually what you need to make progress towards that. One key realization for me was that people who are succeeding versus not succeeding in life often have the very same goals. And when I reflected on my own life through this lens, I realized that the areas of my life where I was succeeding versus the areas of life where I was not succeeding, I had goals for both of them. The main difference between whether I succeeded or not was whether I had built a strong system to get towards that goal. One of the goals I've had for a long time is to generally live a healthy life, which includes both nutrition, exercise, sleep, etc. For the longest time, I felt like I was always falling short on the nutrition goal. I would often open up the fridge and realize, oh, there's nothing really to eat, so I guess maybe we just go out to eat or like we get takeaway or I just eat cereal. And so even though I had this goal of eating healthily, having like high protein, like more vegetables, whole minimally processed foods, low sugar, I wasn't actually able to do that because I hadn't built a system in place. It was only until I'd actually built in a system for okay, when I order groceries, how I do meal planning, and what kinds of meals we are eating each day that then actually I really unlocked the whole [music] nutrition piece at home. A classic quote from James Clear that really really resonates in this area is, "You do not rise to the level of your goals, you fall to the level of your systems." Another way of viewing this whole systems versus goals thing is viewing them as two separate types of goals. There are outcome goals and there are process goals. Outcome goals are essentially the big huzzah at the end of achieving a goal. A process goal can almost be viewed as the system that's helping to get you towards your outcome goal. So in this example with the meal planning, the process goal is every week I have planned what meals that we want. I've ordered the necessary groceries online and saved any to a list which I can really quickly reorder from it as needed. and then we actually execute on those meals and eat healthily. Whereas the outcome goal is a longer term thing of oh, we want to eat well so that we're healthy and we work towards longevity and fueling our energy and productivity for the day and feeling good. And research has shown that these process focused goals with smaller, more regularly occurring and controllable goals or systems provide a regular recognizable feedback loop which helps to drive motivation and also actually make stuff happen. And speaking of building systems that actually work, this is something I've been thinking about a lot lately as I've been scaling my content and also my business. I've been using Notion for literally years now. I think around like five or 6 years. And I have my entire content ecosystem living in Notion. But what used to take me literally hours and hours of manual work creating databases that autolink in to organize all of this information has completely changed since I started using Notion's new AI [music] agent. So, I'm very excited to share that today's video is sponsored by Notion. And honestly, this feels like the perfect video to talk about it. Here's what's interesting about Notion's AI agent. It doesn't just chat or give suggestions like other AI tools or LLMs, it actually completes entire workflows for you and builds things for you in Notion. So, for example, instead of me spending hours manually creating a meal planning system database and updating it, my agent can do that all end to end. All I have to do is ask it to create a meal planning database for my healthy meals and include a couple of the key parameters that [music] I want to track. And the cool thing here is that because it has access to all of my notion and everything about my business and life is in notion, my agent knows exactly how I like to work. And I've set up a profile page that tells my agent exactly how I like to organize my content, my workflow, and any SOPs for anything across the business and [music] my life. So, if you're like me and are serious about building systems that can help to get us to our goals, which, let's be honest, is really essential for any ambitious woman trying to level up, Notion's AI agent could be a complete game-changing tool for how you manage your work and plan out your life. [music] You can check it out through the link in my description and see if it can help you build those systems we just talked about. Now, let's talk about habit number two. The second habit is decide once and then scale from there. Did you know that there is a neurological cost to making a decision? This is a psychological principle known as decision fatigue. And you might have experienced this yourself if, let's say, at the end of a busy day, you open your fridge, you look at all the food in your fridge, and you just can't decide what to eat. Or maybe you've looked in your wardrobe and it's overflowing with clothes, and yet you think you have nothing to wear. In each of these examples, you are quite possibly experiencing decision fatigue, which is a mental exhaustion that we get after making decisions again and again and again. This leads us to favor immediate gratification, oversimplifying decisions, or defaulting to familiar even though they're less optimal options. One example of this is at the end of a busy day, you could choose to either go for a walk, go to the gym, learn some Chinese, or scroll on your phone. And the one of these options which gives you immediate gratification and is a default familiar option, even though it's less optimal, is often doom scrolling on your phone, which is especially interesting because by choosing to scroll on your phone rather than take any of these other actions, even though it takes less mental energy to make that choice, ultimately it doesn't serve us. An example of this is they did a study on judges where they looked at their decision quality of their judgments throughout the day and they found that consistently decision quality actually deteriorates. One example for me is the decision of what to wear in the morning. This dress right here, I have about three or four copies of almost exactly the same dress. And in the morning, I often just default to wearing the same dress over and over again because I like the way it looks. It's comfortable. And that means that I can eliminate one extra decision from my morning. Steve Jobs, Mark Zuckerberg, Barack Obama, and so many other examples famously restrict their selection of outfits and clothes that they wear because this is a daily decision that we really just don't need to make again and again and again. The third habit is detachment from outcomes. One consistent habit I've noticed among highly achieving women who are also happy and content and feeling in control of their lives is that they measure success by effort, alignment, and input, not by things outside their control. A good way of thinking about this is separating out goals into input goals versus output goals. One way that I've developed to think about this over time is separating goals into almost three stages, three categories. There's input goals, there's output goals, and there's outcome goals. An example with my YouTube channel is an input goal is I want to spend 15 hours on my YouTube channel every week. An output goal is I want to post one video per week. An outcome goal is I want to gain X number [music] of subscribers every month. And as you can see, as we go from input to output to outcome, I have much more control over the input versus the outcome. It's essentially 100% within my control whether I actually spend 15 hours of work on my YouTube channel. Then for the output, there's a little bit less control there because I don't necessarily know how much research a video will need until I really start. I'm not sure how long the editing process is going to take. So the output is slightly less predictable than the input, but it's still broadly under my control. And finally, the outcome goals such as I want to hit 1 million subscribers in X amount of time. That is the least in my control because there's so much beyond my control that I cannot account for. And so whether or not I actually get there is partly to do with my inputs and the output, but then it's also partly due to external conditions. So for me, while for my YouTube channel, I do have an outcome goal for where I want to go with the channel. And I think that's very helpful for setting a north star on the day-to-day, I actually focus more on my input and output. Once I've set the outcome goal and I've used it to generate a northstar and a strategy, I then let go of it. I detach from it. I take a step back. And actually that level of detachment allows me to work from a place of joy and progress rather than a place of stress and pressure. This habit actually draws directly from principles of non-attachment and equinimity which are core concepts in eastern philosophy. Psychological suffering arises when we cling to specific outcomes and identify our success or worth with these external [music] results. The top 1% understand that attaching your happiness to these outcomes that you cannot fully control creates this opportunity for unnecessary suffering. And so instead, by focusing on what we can control, our effort, our intention, our process, rather than external validation or specific results, you cultivate what Eastern philosophers call wise effort. And this mindset shift, while it sounds like taking a step back from making goals, actually paradoxically improves performance by reducing the anxiety and pressure that often sabotage success. The practice involves training yourself to find [music] satisfaction in the quality of your actions and inputs rather than the results or outcomes that they produce. So, for example, instead of defining success as getting a 100,000 views on a YouTube video, maybe I could reframe it as creating content that genuinely serves my audience and that I'm proud of. This detachment doesn't mean that I care any less. It actually just means that I'm directing my energy more effectively. And research in sports psychology actually confirms this approach. Athletes who focus on process over outcomes consistently outperform those who are fixated on winning. Because counterintuitively, the mental freedom created by letting go of outcome attachment allows for more presence, creativity, and flow, which are all qualities that ultimately improve performance and are so important for leaders to embody. The fourth habit is practicing implementation intentions. Implementation intentions are proven by studies to actually increase the likelihood that your goal will actually turn into action. Simply by making an implementation intention, you increase your chance of actually succeeding at a goal that you've made by about 74%. An example of this is for my red LED face mask. I am super into my skincare. And one of the things that's part of my skincare essentials is using this red LED face mask. I use it for about 10 minutes every day. And the way that I make sure that I don't forget to do it is that I habit stack it and create an implementation intention that when I do my morning meditation, I also put on my face mask. And this means that as soon as I get out my meditation cushion and I start meditating, I know that if I meditate, then I put on my face mask and turn on the red LED mask. And so Ali, my husband, often walks into our room in the morning with me on my little meditation cushion, meditating away with my legs crossed and wearing this spooky red glowing mask. This simple shift of setting the intention that when I meditate, I use my red LED mask has meant that I almost never miss this new habit. When I first tried to build in the habit of using this red LED mask every day, I actually really struggled because I was like, when do I do this thing? I kind of need to like it's hard to see while using the mask cuz there's like red lights glowing in your eyes. And so like when do I actually do this? Like I need 10 minutes every day to do this. And it was only when I actually decided I set the intention to implement this while I was meditating that actually I became really consistent with use of my red LED mask. The way that you can bring this into your own life is think of if then plans which link situational cues or existing habits and stack those with a new habit that you want to build in. A few examples of these could be if let's say you want to build in a morning walk into your routine. You think okay after I brush my teeth and put on my sunscreen then I'm going for a morning walk. So try to think of your own routine and habits that you might be struggling to build in and think of ways that you can actually set an intention for how you're going to actually make this happen. The fifth habit is strategic undercheduling. Published research shows that after 8 to n hours of consecutive work, cognitive performance begins to significantly decline and shifts that are more than 12 hours long are associated with 2 to three times more errors. Another study at Stanford University found that productivity per hour declines sharply when a work week exceeds 50 hours and total output actually decreases beyond 55 hours despite more time worked. So that means that if you're working for more than 55 hours, there's a reasonable chance that actually that is shooting yourself in the foot where you working so long is actually decreasing your total output because you're becoming less efficient and you're probably enjoying your work less. Obviously, this is not going to be true for every single individual person because these are studies which look at averages. All of this is to say that working for too long each week and pushing yourself and scheduling in work basically all waking hours of the week is probably actually counterproductive for producing the results that you want. A huge amount of high achievers success is based on their ability to show up as their best self with the most creative, inspired and productive selves that they can be. And so part of this is actually blocking off time to really have downtime, work hard, and also rest hard. And this energy management is actually an art because it's actually an active part of being a high achiever is protecting your capacity to execute consistently. I really like to think of this concept of refilling the well because initially I was much more in the camp of like oh well let's go go let's just keep working pushing work late wake up early and keep working. But at some point actually I realized especially for creative work which requires you to think in new ways and feel inspired that way of working is really not effective. And I realized at some point that actually my well had become empty because I hadn't given myself any time to rest, to learn new things, to focus on my physical health. And so what I did instead was instead ofuling work for the whole day and forgetting to schedule in the other things is I actually block out time every single evening just for me. And an example of this in action is almost every single evening I schedule in a yoga class which is in person in the studio to create that space for rest and recovery. And this functions as a really good hard stop on my day where it's like okay as soon as it gets to that time of my yoga class I got to go and then after that I have set the intention for myself that I don't actually get back into work after that. That is my unwinding time. Resisting this urge to fill every available time slot with meetings actually gives you more opportunities to explore new ideas which especially for high achievers or leaders in a business. It's actually critical to your role and to your development and to how effective you are as a team for you to be able to think high level and have that space to breathe and do that. This links on really nicely to the sixth habit which is keeping a notto-do list. Top 1% women know that their time, attention, and energy is the most precious finite resource that they have. And this is the one habit that really changed things the most for me. For years, I was used to leaving my time and energy open to anybody who wanted to access it. Any tasks or to-dos or hangouts with people, I would automatically default to saying yes to. But at some point, you realize that your life is almost overflowing with things to do. And it's only by saying no to some things that we can make the space for truly needlemoving activities that help to unblock a bottleneck. This can range all the way from small things such as in the morning on my notto-do list is not to pick up the phone first thing in the morning. This is one that I sometimes struggle with because it's so easy to immediately as soon as you wake up have your brain chatter start and you're like, "Oh, I wonder what's happening in all the various different fronts of the business in the email inbox in the messages. It's so easy to think that." And so one of my implementation intentions is actually not to pick up my phone first thing after I wake up. This can also range to the big things such as saying no to a trip or a holiday which you know won't actually take you towards your goals and you don't really want to go on. Another example of this is when let's say meetings overrun regularly and actually [music] stopping allowing this to continually happen and instead being like okay actually like we want to stop having meetings overrun. How can we do this? We can set a clear agenda. We can time manage better throughout the meeting and then we can actually say you know what at the end of the meeting that's it like that's the hard stop. If we don't manage to talk about everything, then we'd have to just talk about it next time. And this practice actually trains us to work better with the time that we have. And this point on the not to-do list, not overrunning meetings all the time, is actually so crucial because then it allows [music] you to trust yourself more, frees up your time, gives you more clarity on when your meetings are starting and ending, makes you more efficient in the meetings itself, and also helps you and your team with time management. And one thing to mention here is that if you stop doing things or decide things on your not to-do list, it's quite common to have feelings of [music] guilt or wondering like, oh, maybe like I shouldn't actually say no to this. But it's an important question to ask yourself whether the current thing that you're doing and accepting in your life is going to take you towards living your dream life. And if you ask that question about each moment in your day, what answers come up for you? Habit number seven is outsource before you're overwhelmed. Top 1% women treat their attention and energy as their most valuable resource. Buying back their time then becomes their highest ROI investment. What this often demands of us is delegating earlier than feels comfortable for us. There may be things in your life which you already know how to do. You don't particularly enjoy. It doesn't have to be you. This could actually be done by somebody else. And yet you're still doing it yourself. If you're the only person working on your life or business, then you will always be limited by how many hours of time and how much energy and attention you have in a day. If you want to be able to scale beyond that, you need to learn how to delegate. Some examples of this might be hiring a virtual assistant or a video editor if you're making videos, or a generalist who can help you across lots of different parts of your business, or even hiring a nanny to help you at home and buy back some of your time there. Hiring a cleaner. One way to think about this is to think of your ideal hourly rate. How much would it cost for somebody to buy an hour of your time? Let's take the example of hiring a cleaner to come in once a week or something like that to help you with the usual tasks that you would do at home. If you think about the hours that you spend cleaning your home on a weekly basis, and you also imagine the cost of hiring a cleaner to complete the same job for you, is it worth paying that amount of money to buy back those hours of your life? So, let's say your usual basic clean of your house would usually take you about 3 hours per week. This is assuming you don't have kids or like high volume of mess coming through your home. Assuming there's just basic stuff to clean, maybe it would cost $50, $60, $70 to hire somebody to actually do that for you. Is your time worth that amount of money to buy back? In most cases, if you're watching this video, probably yes. One common objection to this is like, oh, but what if I'm not really making much money yet or like I can't don't feel like I can justify it. And I had this exact same experience when I was starting out making YouTube videos. I realized that editing a YouTube video for me was taking me maybe like 12 hours to edit a video. And this would have to go across multiple days because I would get mentally fatigued after editing for a while. I also realized that because I was just learning how to video edit, my video edits were not fantastic. It was a bit basic, bit janky, and I wasn't enjoying it either. And so I was like, okay, what would it take for me to be able to outsource this? And so then what I did is I went onto one of these freelance websites, Fiverr, Upwork, People per Hour, and I put out job postings for a video editor. And obviously professional video editors are much faster, more efficient at video editing and just better at it as well. And so then I made a deal with myself. I said, "Okay, you know what? If I'm doing this video editing for 12 hours, it's taking me 12 hours to edit a video. I can pay somebody $100 to do this video edit for me because they're faster at it. They're more efficient. They're also better at it. And then what I could do is I could offer tutoring on Eyealkie or for like science and math subjects for around like maybe 20 to30 an hour which means that in a couple of hours of tutoring work maybe 3 or 4 hours I can then earn back the money that it would cost to pay somebody to edit my video. And so editing the video myself would take 12 hours. Me tutoring on these websites takes about 4 hours of my time. And so clearly then just by doing this and setting up this system I have bought back 8 hours of my time. That's a whole working day without actually losing any money. And so there are almost always ways to think about clever systems that you can set up to be able to buy back your time in these ways. And the key here is to think about outsourcing before you feel ready, before you're already overwhelmed. Because once you're overwhelmed, actually hiring somebody takes effort. It takes an investment of time, of mental energy, attention to do it well. And so if you're already overwhelmed and flooded with stuff, it's even more difficult to find the space to actually do that. And so then you're almost in this kind of catch22 position where you're like too busy to actually do the hiring but you need to hire in order to become less busy and this is a really difficult place to be in. So by running a prediction model of like okay where could I actually delegate or outsource this helps you to see these opportunities ahead of time and actually be prepared. The eighth and final habit is training non-attachment to identity. For me on my journey I initially started as a medical student. I was a doctor content creator and now a tech [music] founder. And through each of these stages of my life, I've had to almost be very fluid with my identity and be able to release old versions of myself in order to create the space to grow. This isn't just in identity in terms of what work I'm doing, but also identity in terms of how I show up in the world, how I communicate, whether I meditate or not, what kind of activities I do. It's very natural for us to feel a sense of attachment to our identities. For example, for a long time, I purely viewed myself as a doctor who sometimes makes YouTube videos and sometimes does the kind of business stuff. But I realized this was actually holding me back from owning that new identity. And me clinging to this previous identity of like, oh, I'm just a doctor was actually limiting me because the limitation of our achievement in life is actually often the limits of our psychology. [music] And so if we can unlock our psychology, how we view ourselves, and open that up to being able to take on new identities and shift towards who we want to become, this allows us to break through these limiting beliefs about who we are and what we're capable of. An example here is when I was actually shifting into content creation and entrepreneurship, I refused to view myself as a YouTuber or an entrepreneur for the longest time. And looking back, I see how that delayed me by potentially months to years on my progression. Stepping into a new version of yourself can feel scary and painful because you're actively choosing to leave behind the familiar and the comfortable in exchange for this new potential [music] reality. And this is fundamentally the work of creating your dream life. Nothing worth having comes easy. And this includes creating the life that you want. It's going to take getting out of your comfort zone. It's going to take changing your identity and how you show up and how you view yourself, how you introduce yourself. And at the end of the day, it's up to us ourselves to decide if that's a worthy trade for us or not. But what I would love for you watching this video is for you to be able to make that choice with eyes fully wide open and to decide what kind of life that [music] you want to create and then step into it. So those are all the eight habits. One thing I would ask is [music] if you can come up with two action points from today's video that you're actually going to implement in your own life and either send me an email with them or write a comment down below or just note it down somewhere in your notebook so you're not going to forget and actually make it happen. The most important thing when watching YouTube videos about personal development, about how to change your life, is actually doing [music] the work of changing your life. And so, I hope this video has been helpful or interesting or useful in some kind of way. And if you enjoyed this video, I think you might like this video over here where I dive deep into how exactly to create a vision board to actually change your life drawing on neurosciencebacked tips and evidence. Thank you so much for watching. Take care of yourself and remember that the journey is the destination. I'll see you in the next video. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JazzCole [6 likes]: I deleted social media apps off my phone right before the 2024 presidential election and I just felt like I was getting bombarded with negative imput about issues out of my control. Doom-scrolling has been eliminated so I've had to find new ways to fill my time and relieve my boredom. I've been listening to audiobooks and reading ebooks off a library app on my phone,  although I do spend more time on YouTube, scrolling what videos I want to watch and then going through my "watch later" section and consuming content I've curated. I've worked towards consuming more long form content, training my brain to increase my attention span and finding more meaningful ways to fill my time. It's great not to be overstimulated with bite-size content all the time!
  2. @ProspectivePlans [4 likes]: The top 1% of women are not operating on a different planet. They are operating on the same 24 hours with the same obstacles and the same bad days. The difference is somewhere in these 8 habits and I need to know which ones I have been leaving on the table.
  3. @heyu123 [2 likes]: Wait she’s married to Ali?!!! The podcaster?
  4. @lifeofdija316: Please the voice I can t hear it after 2:46 is soo low please could u modify it
  5. @drmkpr88: ohh i have to thank my mom. she picks and irons my clothes for the week. i dont decide. i just grab them 🤣 i also have two backpacks; if one is dirty or in the laundry, naturally i use the other one. same with my sneakers. bec i learned this yrs before, i have 15 pairs of beige ankle socks 😂
  6. @caroltinga4731: I like your content. I don't know why it's edited, so that it sounds and looks like you never take a breath. For me, it gives no opportunity for the listener and viewer viewer to let what you're saying truly sink in - it feels like a tidal wave of information. I see this in other vloggers' work too. It seems counterintuitive for maximum absorption of information. I haven't looked it up, but I imagine there's science on this.
  7. @kenhuang3820: I appreciate the breakdown of the neurological cost of decision fatigue at 5:18 because that is a psychological principle that actually explains why we feel drained after a long day. The advice about restricting outfit choices at 6:27 is also a practical way to show how small changes can free up mental energy for more important tasks.

However the overall atmosphere of the video feels a bit sterile which makes it hard to connect with the habits on a human level. For example at 0:34 when you talk about your journey from doctor to tech founder the delivery is so rehearsed and the lighting is so perfect that it feels more like a polished recruitment ad for a lifestyle brand than a raw conversation about growth. It creates a disconnect where the messy reality of building a business is packaged into a shiny highlight reel for the algorithm.

The research mentioned is interesting but the constant studio narration makes the experience feel a bit like a corporate presentation rather than a person sharing their actual struggles. I would love to see more of the unfiltered energy where you are just talking to the camera in a natural setting without the perfect production because that is the kind of vibe that actually feels relatable and immersive.
  8. @Student2028-w2x: Add audio truck in bangla
  9. @fayeannetteparsons: What components/criteria makes up and holds together a strong system for work and personal life?
  10. @roamwithdory: thanks. the key take away would be owning the new identity and develop habits that move towards that new identity
  11. @mylittlechannel8315: Your video is very helpful,Thank you sister❤️.
  12. @AnnonymousAmerican: These are Scott Adams of Dilbert Fame teachings! ❤
  13. @SadikshyaDulal-u9k: I wish I had seen your videos when I was in undergraduate. I want to start content creation but donot know the niche I am good at
  14. @X_ricebelly: I’m walking on the treadmill while watching this! Thank you so much for sharing! I have been feeling stuck for a really long time. Two take away. 
1. Process goal setting 
2. What is that system look like for me. 

lol. Watch that vision board video later on 🤍 thank you so much!
  15. @blueaspen6345: Can you drop a link 🔗 for your red light mask please 🙏
  16. @AnanyaPathak-x5m: The teachings of Eastern philosophy are universally applicable: focus on enjoying the process instead of worrying about the result, much like what Acharya Prashant emphasises.
  17. @meghanclark544: I have been loving your videos!!
  18. @Soluna.lightstudio: Hi! Thanks for the video and sharing your story. It’s hard switching careers, especially if the old one provided a lot of security or power in certain ways (but was disempowering or stifling in others!). I’m at this stage now, having taken the leap. Cheers to your journey and I hope we both succeed in our dreams ❤
  19. @leoraallen4202: I just found your channel a couple of days ago and I’m so happy I did! The way you’re breaking down concepts is helping me level up when SO many things in life just got dumped on me ❤
  20. @ashwinikumar1946: im so glad that i came back here after months, watching ur other why I quit  Youtube vd nd this. most needed rn. I'm in quite exhausted stage of my life, being a 7th yr PhD candidate in a foreign land, still spiraling nd stuck not progressing with thesis. i feel nothing works for me Im not as capable as i thought, stil having these thoughts. i lost my why power of doing PhD. I dont wanna choose academia for my career. I kinda done with that. I have a couple of questions, how do u forgive urself for wasting years of most precious youth on doing somthing which maynot fruitful for ur future version and how do u accept transition from Dr to tech, when u know clearly that Dr field maybe stable for life but high stakes on tech pursuit. these r totally diff domain.

- Cultural Adjustment: Stories Of Immigrant Parental Resilience? - Parenting the Asian American Way: Kind: captions Language: en Cultural adjustment stories of immigrant parental resilience. Imagine moving to a new country with hopes for a better future, but facing unexpected hurdles every day. That's the reality many immigrant parents experience as they adapt to life in America. They often find themselves caught between two worlds trying to hold on to their cultural roots while navigating a new society. This balancing act involves two key processes. One is acculturation which means adjusting to the dominant American culture. The other is enculturation which involves preserving their original cultural values and traditions. Asian immigrant parents show resilience by managing these two demands at once. They often face stress from language barriers, economic struggles, and social differences. Despite these challenges, they work hard to provide stability and stability for their families. A common issue is the acculturation gap. Children tend to adapt faster through school and social activities, sometimes acting as interpreters or cultural guides for their parents. This can create role reversals where children take on responsibilities that traditionally belong to adults. While this can be difficult, it also opens new ways for families to communicate and grow closer. Many parents focus on cultural socialization. They teach their children about their heritage, language, and the importance of their ethnic identity. Even when faced with stereotypes or misunderstandings from the wider society, these parents persist in instilling pride in their culture. They also face emotional and mental health challenges. Migration can bring trauma and stress, which sometimes leads to feelings of isolation or anxiety. Yet, many parents find ways to cope by seeking community support or developing new family routines that honor both their traditions and their new environment. Supporting these families involves understanding their unique struggles. Encouraging bilingualism helps children connect with both cultures. While community resources can offer guidance and support tailored to immigrant experiences, open conversations about mental health are also important as stigma can prevent families from seeking help. Balancing traditional parenting with flexibility allows parents to respect their cultural values while helping their children thrive in a bicultural world. These stories of resilience show how immigrant parents adapt and grow, turning challenges into opportunities for stronger family bonds and cultural pride.

- To Be Happy | An Immigrant Student's Tale: Kind: captions Language: en - [Narrator] Do you ever think back on what life was like when you were 14? - I try not to, I try not to. Middle school's such an interesting ago you know. - I like to be on my phone, watch kid dramas. - [Narrator] But, for many of the students at Kansas City's Northeast Middle School, they're not only negotiating the typical travails of youth, but of learning English, as well. - Biggest struggles is speaking. Like, when it's not like your main language. - I just knew the numbers one to 100 'cause I used to learning in there. And I just know the word friend, and mom, and dad. - That time I came here my English was little bad. Now, it's better because of my teacher, Ms. Foster, she help me so much. - [Narrator] 50 different languages are spoken in the Kansas City public schools district. To the south in Olathe, 72. In the North Kansas City District, it's 110. - I think we actually have to have another layer of understanding and empathy when it comes to that because these kids have been through things that you and I could just never imagine. - Like politics, a lot of fighting. They will come to your house and ask you for money, they will kill people. - I was living in Thailand camp but they're made up of bamboo wood. - It was hard. I was scared. - So, you really have to think about why is this student going this, they're a middle schooler. They come from another country. I'm looking at what they're doing through an American lens and you really do have a lot of layers you have to go through. - [Narrator] But in Hiles experience, she's come to see not just the resources these kids need but the resources they are. - There's such a beauty in the diversity that we have here. - [Narrator] Which brings up back to this young man named Happy. Believe it not, he's not the only Happy at Northeast Middle. There are multiple students named Patience, as well. They've come to U.S. with only the family name. So, their parents once here, given them a name which is a characteristic. - If you read about education now or you know kind of look at ed reform terms that get thrown around, those are characteristics that we're looking for in kids that help you be successful no matter what academically. If you can peresevere, you're gonna be successful no matter what life throws at you. And these kids have that. They have that. And they can teach that to their English speaking peers. - Sometimes you're around people you don't know what they're saying, that's really hard. And it's makes you feel sad but during the time you're learning and that's great. - [Narrator] There will be more immigrants who come through these doors for the first time just as Joustin, The Blay Paw, and Happy did. And would advice would Happy give? - I would tell him when he come here to learn and help his family. My family happy, that's all I wanted. - It has made me a better person for working here, for knowing these kids, and knowing these families.

  Top Comments:
  1. @shesjessaofficial4783 [14 likes]: 0:11 I feel you. Hahahaha
  2. @poakappa [7 likes]: Who is here from school lol
  3. @ericmelton4630 [5 likes]: Who here from school lol 😂
  4. @clx_ramzy8723 [2 likes]: POV: Ur here from skl

- What Are the Stages of Cultural Adjustment for Middle Eastern Migrants? | Middle East Migraters News: Kind: captions Language: en What are the stages of cultural adjustment for Middle Eastern migrants? In recent news, many are discussing the journey of Middle Eastern migrants in the United States. The question on everyone's mind is what are the stages of cultural adjustment for these individuals? As more people seek to understand this important topic, let's break down the stages that many migrants experience as they settle into their new lives. Initially, many migrants enter the honeymoon stage. This is a time filled with excitement and optimism. The new environment brings a sense of wonder and hope for a fresh start. However, this stage can feel somewhat surface level. The real challenges often arise soon after. Next comes the culture shock stage. Here, migrants may face confusion and frustration. Differences in language and social norms can lead to feelings of isolation. Many experience homesickness as they navigate systems like visas and employment. This stage can be particularly tough as they adjust to daily life in a new country. As time goes on, migrants typically enter the adjustment stage. They begin to develop coping strategies. Building social networks and improving language skills become essential. Family and community support play a significant role in helping them find stability during this time. Following this is the integration stage. At this point, migrants start feeling more comfortable in American society. They find a balance between their original culture and the new one. This stage is marked by a sense of belonging and the ability to navigate both cultures with confidence. Finally, many reach the biculturalism or adaptation stage. Here they can switch between cultural frameworks depending on the situation. This ability allows them to contribute to both their ethnic community and the broader society. It is important to remember that these stages are not always linear. Migrants may move back and forth through them based on their experiences. The strong emphasis on family and community in Middle Eastern cultures can significantly impact how they manage these stages. Support from community networks and an understanding of the visa and green card processes also play a role in their adjustment journey. This framework highlights the emotional and social transitions that Middle Eastern migrants face when starting a new in America. Understanding these stages can provide valuable context for anyone interested in the immigrant experience.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Jackal3001: Muslim should not be allowed to live in western countries, Muslims should only live in muslim countries. There are like 50 muslim countries pick one. Multiculturalism does not work, Multiculturalism is based on insatiable greed, multiculturalism destroys societies.

- How Do Children of Middle Eastern Migrants Experience Cultural Adjustment?: Kind: captions Language: en How do children of Middle Eastern migrants experience cultural adjustment? In the spotlight today, we are addressing a pressing issue. How do children of Middle Eastern migrants experience cultural adjustment? This topic has gained attention recently as families navigate the challenges of moving to a new country. For many, understanding this adjustment process is crucial, especially for those who are currently facing similar situations. Children of Middle Eastern migrants encounter a distinct set of challenges as they adapt to life in the United States. One key aspect is identity formation. These children often find themselves balancing their family's cultural values with those of American society. This balancing act can lead to a search for identity as they attempt to integrate both cultures while sometimes feeling caught between two worlds. Language and communication play a significant role in their adjustment. Many children learn and master English while trying to maintain their native language at home. This dual language experience can impact their social integration and academic success. It also affects their connection with family members who may have limited English skills. Social integration is another critical challenge. Making friends and fitting in at school can be tough due to cultural differences, stereotypes, or discrimination. Children may feel pressure to conform to peer norms that differ from their family's expectations, which can create internal conflict. Family dynamics also shift during this adjustment period. Parents may hold more traditional views while children adapt more quickly to their new environment. This difference can sometimes lead to generational tensions within the family. The emotional and psychological impact of cultural adjustment should not be overlooked. The stress of adapting to a new culture can lead to feelings of isolation, confusion, or anxiety. Supportive environments at school and in the community can help ease these challenges. On a positive note, many children develop bicultural skills. They gain the ability to navigate and appreciate both cultures, enriching their personal growth and broadening their perspectives. Understanding these experiences is essential for providing better support to Middle Eastern migrant children as they build their lives in a new country. As we continue to discuss these important topics, it is vital to focus on how we can assist families in their journey, helping them balance their heritage with the new cultural landscape they are entering.

- The power of the immigrant mindset | Anna Crowe | TEDxSan Diego Studio: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] I can still smell that awful jet fuel and feel the rush of cold air as I stepped off the plane in a JFK airport, gripping my mom's hand. It was an abrupt end to my childhood in Russia and the beginning of a new life in America. We had left everything and everyone I knew behind. My friends, family, all the comforts of my home. Our new apartment in the Bronx, New York, felt a million miles, if not years, away from the world I knew. I remember the first time I walked into my new sixth grade school at PS81. I was wearing this pink and blue sweater my mom had knitted. From day one, I struggled to belong. My accent was different. My words tumbled out wrong. And I could not understand the unspoken rules around me. I'll also never forget the one day I got the nerve to speak up in class. I raised my hand and when the teacher called on me, I stood up just like we did back home. The room fell silent. Then everybody laughed. I could feel my face turning red and I froze completely forgetting my answer. It was at that moment I realized just how quickly my world would change. As a 12-year-old girl desperate to connect, I practice English in front of a mirror, perfecting every word, every syllable. Hello, my name is Anna. No, no, no. Hello, my name is Anna. I looked to Kelly Kapowski from Save by the Bell for clues on how to be an American teen and relied on my yellow Sony Walkman to decipher song lyrics, writing down one one word each at a time, translating them with music becoming my language teacher. Looking back, it was these experiences that shaped me, forging the mindset and the superpowers I carry today, like resilience, adaptability, resourcefulness. They helped me through school, my first corporate job in Manhattan, and in building a business, recognized on Inc. Magazine's list of fastest growing companies for three consecutive years. And when I faced cancer, not once, but twice, these superpowers weren't simply useful. They were lifechanging. And here's the truth. These aren't just my superpowers. They are the heartbeat of the immigrant mindset woven into the fabric of people all around us. People like you and me living, working, picking up their kids from preschool, cramming for their next exam, all while carrying with them the invisible weight of reinvention, of being uprooted and replanted on unfamiliar soil. Often without knowing the language, the culture, without a road map to a new life. And yet they press forward, turning uncertainty into opportunity, challenges into strength. I want you to reflect on your life today. Your home, your family, your community, your work. Now imagine being uprooted from everything familiar and placed into entirely foreign land, needing to start over. How would you feel? Immigration is a shared human experience. In the US, for example, immigrants make up roughly 14% of the population, according to a 2023 US Census Bureau report. That's 47 million people who have traveled to this country, some with just a suitcase, many with just the clothes on their back. And while superpowers may look different from person to person, I find time and time again these three qualities appear universally. Resilience, adaptability, resourcefulness. Perhaps as I talk about these traits, someone you know pops in your mind. Someone who has left their life behind to start a new one. Let's take resilience. Now imagine arriving in a country where you don't speak a language. You don't understand the culture. Every day feels like a test. There's no road map, no safety net, just a sheer will to keep going. When I first moved to the US, everything was new and overwhelming. I always felt frustrated, wondering if I'd ever truly belong. But then something incredible happened in that discomfort. Every struggle, every challenge, every moment of uncertainty built resilience. What once seemed insurmountable became fuel. Even learning a new language, as daunting as it was, became a superpower. And did you know bilingualism doesn't just open doors, it actually rewires our brains, making us better problem solvers and communicators. Then there's adaptability, a survival mechanism. When everything around you is uncertain, change is not an option. It is a constant. Just look at the world around us. The pandemic truly tested our adaptability as a society. Many people and businesses face great challenges and many, including immigrant-owned businesses, found ways to survive, launching new ventures, shifting business models overnight. That is the power of adaptability. As an entrepreneur, I see this daily. Your ability to adapt is the difference between success and failure. And speaking of entrepreneurship, it may come as no surprise that immigrants are 80% more likely than US-born citizens to start businesses and create jobs because for them, the American dream is not just a concept, it's a necessity. And finally, resourcefulness. Many people immigrate with not much more than determination. They create successful businesses from scratch. Take Sergey Brin, co-founder of Google, or Pierre MDR, who created eBay. Both children of immigrants. For me, resourcefulness meant managing multiple side hustles while working full-time and searching for what truly inspired me. It helped me build my business from scratch without a blueprint, without investors, with a vision and determination solely. And in 2023, resourcefulness got me through my second battle with cancer. When my emotional and physical capacity was at its lowest, I had to dig even deeper into a different kind of resourcefulness. The kind that keeps you going when there's no other option. Now, I know that resilience, adaptability, resourcefulness are not exclusive to immigrants. No, they're qualities we can all cultivate. And as we recognize this in ourselves, let's also recognize this in the others. And next time you meet someone whose journey looks different from yours, over coffee, on a Zoom call, or perhaps in a chance encounter, pause. Don't just see them where they are. Take a moment and ask them where they've been. And who knows, you might just see the world differently. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @odysseasmallios1570: 14% of Americans are immigrants and yet so many think that their country would be better off without them. Really sad
  2. @offbeatbirdy3307: I'm not an immigrant but I am autistic and I'm surprised at how much of this I still resonated with. Trying to figure out how to talk like everyone else in front of the mirror was a big one.
  3. @lilygrander: accidentally breaking those 'small' social norms like what you mention around a minute in is something I still struggle with. I don't know why everyone, even into adulthood, makes such a big deal out of someone doing something that seems a little unusual but harms nobody.
  4. @annerossiter: That sense of not belonging isn't purely for immigrant kids though. I felt like that and I was born where I grew up. Everyone's just trying to fit in with what they think is what everyone else is doing
  5. @juanlorenzojr: I used to work construction and the story she tells about the classroom reminded me of every site I've worked on. There's always a status quo or way of doing things that you just have to pick up on
  6. @emmashubert: I think growing up being constantly reminded how easy you have it in comparison to your parents definitely forces you into taking yourself seriously and wanting to be successful
  7. @kiarakillian: This country - and probably many others - was 100% built by imgrants. And slaves but we won't talk about that 😅
  8. @bestpractice4040: I really love the qualities she uses to define the mindset!
  9. @EverDragMedia: For sure but these are not just immigrant qualities that's literally the mindset of people who have had to struggle and build something from nothing
  10. @gabrieldmateo: I agree about adaptability, how important it is but listening to this makes me wonder how much of that adaptability comes from how changeable my situation always was at home. So many family that would came and stay and go and my father having constant multiple jobs
  11. @lauralegault: I love her closing statement. If we were all just a little more aware and understanding of peoples pasts and where they're coming from I think there'd be a lot more harmony in the world
  12. @IndaMoment: Man this feels really different to where I'm from. Maybe that's because most of the kids at my school were immigrants or at least 2nd gen. Just didn't seem to be that much teasing if you were a little different
  13. @sylzoor4183: I understand why she would feel so attached to these ideas but I think everyone grew up feeling like an outsider. At least that's what my experience was and I was born in the same place I grew up.
  14. @charlievantas: Love it, she does a fantastic job of going through the reasons why immigrants have the mentality and attitude that they do
  15. @TheEmohawk: I think that invisible weight of reinvention is something a lot of people face, whether uprooted or just starting over.
  16. @CamerashyCrusader: Yeah, "shared human experience" totally resonates, but starting from zero, that's a whole different beast.
  17. @viccromtron: I agree the adaptability is key for anyone in business and it's inspiring to see how people can press forward even without a roadmap
  18. @jacetorence: The first time working in a big sales centre our manager would always say "adapt or get left behind" he meant like, adapt to whatever direction the call was going in and it sounded harsh but it really is the truth of how to survive through anything
  19. @badkarma2005: Can you have an immigrant mindset without being an immigrant?
  20. @henryhunterthenobleone: I always love hearing about these kinds of experiences. Every one is a little different, but with similar themes

- Identity Shifting: How to Reinvent Yourself in 3-6 Months (in 2026): Kind: captions Language: en One of the most powerful ways you can reinvent yourself in three to six months is through identity shifting. And that's what we're talking about today. I'll give you three practical steps. We'll look at how you actually do this. So, what exactly is identity shifting? Let me explain it with an urban legend. There's an urban legend of a goldfish that it can only grow to the size of its bowl. But then when you take that goldfish and you put it in a large pond, gets much bigger, eventually growing into those expensive koiish you see in Bond villain movies. We are just like that fish and the bowl is our identity. You can also call this your self-image. How you see yourself. This is the deepest layer of who you are. You have three layers of change that you can focus on. Most people start with the third layer. This is actions. You want to get fit, you go running. You want to build a business, you post content. You want to get in a relationship, you start dating. One layer deeper are the stories you tell yourself. So if you tell yourself, ah, business is too competitive, you know, I just can't get ahead. Well, then it becomes a feedback loop. It blocks the actions. All of that is getting at the identity. James Clear has a great book on this, Atomic Habits. He says that the goal is not to go on a run. It's to become a runner. That's an identity goal. The goal is not to make a million dollars. It's to become someone who's financially free. The goal is not to just go on dates and, you know, waste time. It's to hopefully find someone you vibe with that matches your lifestyle. And here's the problem. Most people want to change by going from the outside in. But the faster way to change is to go from the inside out. And when you change your self-image, how you see yourself, that changes your core stories of what you can and can't achieve. And once those change, of course, you're going to take new actions because you're basically a different person. You ever seen someone do something you thought was impossible and it totally rocks your worldview of what is? This is controlling the amount of money you make or don't. This is controlling the type of person you attract or don't. And this is controlling your future you or if you're held back in the past like we spoke about. Now I want to give you three steps to do this. But first I want to tell you a brief story to really make this land of how these identities hold you back and are keeping you stuck. So back in grade school I was a kid and we were learning multiplication tables. I'm sure you did something similar where your teacher gets 12 of you up in the black on the blackboard and she says, "Okay, you're doing the ones. 1 * 1 is 1. 1 * all the way up to 12. You're doing the fives. 5 * 6 is 30. All the way up to 12." Well, I got the 11s. So, I'm up there sweating bullets in front of the whole class trying to do mental gymnastics to solve these damn 11s. I didn't know the trick that it's 11, 22, 33, 44. I am the last one up there and everyone starts laughing and I'm humiliated. I carried that belief I'm bad with math around through high school, through college. It held me back from classes cuz anytime there was math, my identity was like, buddy, you don't do math. Remember the 11s. And so when I got into business post college for myself, a funny thing happened. that belief I'm bad at math. All of a sudden, when the numbers meant something to me and it was my business, I realized I love math because numbers are just data. And if we cut this, then we gain this and oh, what if we move things around? I realized that that identity I was bad at math was just a story I had been carrying around that wasn't true. And so, the reason I'm telling you this is because I call those identity anchors. things that strap to you, you carry around your whole life that are like literal weight holding you back and keeping you stuck. The gap between who you are and who you could be is filled with the stories you tell yourself. So, the very first step you do to shift your identity is ask yourself, what are the three to five core stories I've been telling myself keeping me in the small bowl? Now, you're like, okay, well, what are my stories? After working with thousands of people, I noticed four camps that a lot of these stories fall into. So, I'll just give them to you here. Take these, journal on them, and I bet your core stories are going to be in one of these four groups. I'm too old or too young. I'll fail. And everyone will insert the word. I'm not ready yet. I'm not the kind of person who fill in the blank. It's too late. It's too scary. It's the wrong time. Or small bowl syndrome. The most dangerous story isn't the one that's completely false. It's the one that's just true enough to where you believe it. Hey, if you're liking this before the next point, make sure you're on our refusing to settle newsletter down below. I send it every Saturday morning directly to you with ideas that'll change your life. But knowing what your core stories are aren't enough because people identify them and they get caught in self-healing hell I call it where their whole life gets consumed with why they can't and they have to find the root and oh I can't move forward until I find this thing. So the next step is as important that I recommend doing as soon as possible. In the same way people have blueprints before they build a house. You have to know a rough idea of who you want to become. What would make it a win for you? And so what I like to recommend here is a very simple exercise, and there's so many different ones, but this one, if you do it, will at least get you started. You grab a journal, you set a timer for 30 minutes, and you write out your ideal week. This doesn't have to be 5 years from now, 10 years from now. That can be really far away. But as if right now, what would your ideal week look like? Who are you surrounded by? Who are you with? How do you carry yourself? How are you structuring your time? What do others say about you? What do you do for work? Do you have any hobbies? You want a bonus question? This is one that I asked and without it, I wouldn't have gotten the opportunity to tour all around the world in one of my favorite bands playing sold out shows. I wouldn't have started this YouTube channel. the question, "What do you really want, but you're too scared to ask for it?" Go after what you really want. Find your real motivation for it. And guess what? Your motivation changes as you get closer to it. Like, it's totally fine for you to say, "I want to get in the best shape of my life so I increase my uh dating life and I look hot." That's totally better motivation than to say, I want to lower my cholesterol levels and, you know, have a resting heart rate of it's totally fine if you want to make a bunch of money so that you escape your current situation or so that you can buy the car you always wanted to or live in the house that you've been dreaming of. But it's a natural process to work your way through those base level wants. The reason I'm saying this is because find your authentic drive. Dig for it. Not what sounds good on paper. Not if somebody reads it what they're going to think. Don't censor yourself. Write out what you really want. All right. So, now that you've identified your core stories, you've set up the 2.0 version of you through your ideal week or exercises like that, you're ready to install it into your brain. You need the third step. Now, I say install because your brain is like a supercomput. It processes over 11 million bits of information every single second, but you're only conscious of about 40. Every day you have between 60 and 70,000 thoughts. He's law states that your neurons that fire together wire together. You might have had the experience of stubbing your toe and boom, you fire off a four-letter word. These associations are wiring your brain. In fact, here's a video right now of neurons connecting. They're like little spiderw webs that when you're learning start connecting together and then that connection fires off faster and faster the more you do that. That's a badass video, isn't it? Super cool. All of this is happening right now whether you know it or not. Your whole life you've trained yourself to fire and wire a certain way for your old identity. So if you want to install a new one or what you just created or break one, you need to rewire your mind. But there's one thing that helps you fire and wire and break these connections like 10 times faster. You want to know what it is? How can you learn by doing? I've said this before, but I thousand% believe it for you. Every 1 hour of doing beats 10 hours of planning, prepping, and researching. Who learns more? The person who spends two hours reading a book on surfing or the person who gets in the ocean, falls off the board, gets back up, learns by doing. Now remember our two things before this. The identity anchors. Well, how can you do something about them once you've identified them? You want to be more charismatic? Start talking to every single person you see throughout the day. You want to be better articulating yourself on camera? Turn it on and talk to it for 15 minutes a day. You want to be more disciplined, commit to a challenge like 75 hard or one that you come up with and make up for yourself. You want to find your purpose, come up with a list of 50 things you could try and go down the list checking them off. The key here is understanding that this rewiring of your whole brain and programming doesn't happen automatically. And yeah, it can happen through learning and consuming, but it'll happen 10 times faster through doing and testing. Are these stories really true? Let me do something about it. and testing. Do I really want this? Let me make this happen. That is identity shifting. Hope there was a few things in there we haven't spoken about in other videos. Some fresh ideas for you. And if you want to get more done in one week than most people do in an entire year, I'll link up right here a perfect follow-up. Over a million people have seen this video and thought it was useful. So, I think it's a good follow-up if you're looking to get more done. I'll see you there. Remember to do hard things, bet on yourself, and make your future self proud. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @clarkkegley [17 likes]: Want some bts content and ideas I don't share on youtube? Jump on our free newsletter & get the "11 questions to change your life" as a bonus: https://www.clarkkegley.com/free-questions
  2. @neptunianfairy90 [7 likes]: "The gap between who you are and who you could be is filled with the stories you tell yourself." Yeah, wow.
  3. @LisaMalnati-k2f [3 likes]: The level of maturity, or lack thereof,  always shows itself in the comments that people leave.. sad.
  4. @buildingbronson [1 likes]: The goldfish bowl metaphor is the one that stuck — not because it's clever, but because it's accurate in a way most identity content isn't. I spent years optimizing at the action layer, thinking more reps and better systems were the answer, and never questioning why the ceiling kept moving with me. What Clark is naming as identity anchors is exactly what I've been calling the "operating agreement" — the story so old you've stopped noticing it's a story. The math example lands hard because it shows how one humiliating moment in a classroom can quietly run the numbers on your entire life without you ever auditing it. The inside-out framing is where this gets real: most people treat belief change like a post-workout supplement, something you layer on top of the behavior, when it's actually the substrate. The neurons firing and wiring piece matters more than most people give it credit for — the brain doesn't distinguish between a rehearsed identity and a lived one, which means the rehearsal counts. What I keep coming back to is the gap between identifying the anchor and actually pulling it up — that's where most people stall, and it takes more than journaling your ideal week to close it.
  5. @Fernando_Belmont [1 likes]: I'm a bit confused so I want to clarify something. You mention that most people start from the outside in (layer 3) when the more effective way is to go from the inside out (layer one). The goal is to become a runner (the identity), not go for a run (the action). However, step 3 talks about "doing" to learn. Like you mentioned, the person who learns to surf faster is the one who actually gets out on the waves and does it. Is that not technically focusing on the actions? 

This is where I'm stuck because the way I think about it is, this is still focusing on the actions. Or is the major difference here that you are now doing things based on your new identity instead of actions?? If anyone can help clarify this that would be great!
  6. @thesoftalpha: so if the fastest way to rewire is through action,  wouldn’t the first diagram (action > story > identity) be true/most effective?
  7. @samuelkassahun8808: Thanks
  8. @lizardorita6110: Are you for real?  Seriously,…are we going to find out you are a weirdo?  Like a woman hater, a racist, or worst (but maybe equal) a Trump supporter.  Also, you are too handsome for me to take seriously….I don’t know.  I wish I wasn’t so untrusting because my son really needs this message right now.  Usually when I like someone’s message they invariable turn out to be crazy.
  9. @yoyosal9801: Hello
  10. @blackcreekmusic783: Okay I'm a musician myself and I'm already latching on to your channel, and knowing your are a musician yourself I find you more relatable. 
Along with this I follow Dr. Joe Dispenza and it all aligns with what he teaches.
  11. @pjrikou: It’s all about the present moment. I made an identity of being in development. Or being a builder: building skills, building experiences: doing something, possibly making mistakes, adjusting, and next.
In this way my identity can also be a problem solver. 
I do, therefore I am. Not what things I have that defines me.
  12. @habibafares9009: My personality is weak and coward
I'm not beautiful 
I'm sociably unnoticeable
  13. @Natalie-ie3bt: How do you figure out what who you really want to be? My mind about who I want to be/do changes constantly to the point that I literally feel like I have no personality :oo
  14. @Daisyminus21: Thank u.. This is useful
  15. @SWick39: Today I learned you are a drummer! Nice!
  16. @FrogsLittleTail1: Great information
  17. @jakefrosher: 💯
  18. @word2madukes: 8:12 - Just do it, dont overplan things out thinking they have to be perfect, Doing>Learning
  19. @willhyde3: Ok Steve Jobs
  20. @TheGreat_1978: Thanks „totally not“ Superman !

- How to Rebuild Self-Identity After Years of Shame: Kind: captions Language: en What comes out of this shame, this maskearing, this peopleleasing is such a common problem for most people with complex trauma and that is they don't know who they are. I have had so many clients say to me, Tim, I'm 50 years old. I don't have a clue who I am. I have spent all my life fawning, wearing masks, adopting roles, being a chameleon. I don't have a clue who I am. So that is a huge challenge for people in recovery. So let me just take that characteristic and kind of go to what do I do about it? What's the path forward in recovery to get to know who I am? Because that's really what we want to come out of these understanding these characteristics is yeah that's an issue to be 50 years old and don't have a clue who you are. How do I change that? So what I want you to think about is this. The child who's in complex trauma, they're wearing masks, they're fawning, but more than that they're in survival mode. And when a child's in survival mode, the focus of their brain is surviving. It's not exploring. It's not having fun. It's not going, "Oh, I wonder what I like. It's how do I not get hurt? How do I get my needs met?" So when it comes to the other thing for many children in complex trauma is they were expected to conform to being the hero child, being the invisible child, being on a path to becoming a doctor or lawyer to to kind of fit the the the roles that the and jobs that the parents had decided the child should have. So if they decided to pursue their interests or their passions, they got shut down for that. They got criticized for that, shamed for that. So they weren't allowed to explore, they weren't allowed to pursue their passions on top of having to fawn and be a chameleon. So how does a child normally in a safe healthy environment get to know who they are? And so this is so important to understand in recovery. You first have to have safe people who aren't going to judge you. A safe environment. What does a child do in that safe environment? They play. They explore. They're curious. And they try hundreds of different things. All kinds of sports, all kinds of hobbies, all kinds of different interests. One day they want to be a doctor. One day they want to be a fireman. One day they want to be a hockey player. They are trying all kinds of different things. As they do that without fear of judgment, they don't even see failure as a problem. That's just part of all of this. They get to realize what I'm good at, what my talents are, what my skills are, what connects to my deepest passions, what connects to a life purpose that I want that I didn't even know I had. And out of that, they begin to know who they are. But think about that. That can take 20 years. So if you come into recovery and you don't have a clue who you are, don't expect that you're going to figure it out in a week or a month. Give yourself lots of time to figure it out. But then with safe people and a safe non-jud judgmental environment, begin to explore all kinds of hobbies, all kinds of interests. Find out what you're good at. Find out what your passion is. So most people after they go through our program, they begin to have a a vague sense of who their authentic self is. It's kind of a fuzzy, blurry image, but they're starting to get a vague sense. Over the next years, they begin to try different things. They volunteer in different places. They try different hobbies. and they get a clearer and clearer picture. One of the things that helps many people is they can take a personality test. They start to read different books that help people understand some of their desires, some of their talents, and they begin to get a clearer and clearer picture of who they are. So, don't beat yourself up that you might be 50 and don't know yourself. Just go, okay, this is where I'm at now. I'm going to give my p self permission to be a child and to begin to explore and to begin to try all kinds of different hobbies. Now, for a lot of people, this triggers another part of complex trauma, which we're going to get to later, and that is fear of failure. So, they start a new hobby and they go, I need to do it perfectly the first time, but they can't. They're uncoordinated. They make mistakes. It's it's kind of awkward. And they go, oh, I I quit. No, get through that. Get past that fear of failure. It takes time to learn and that's a gradual process where things aren't perfect the first time. Then you start to get a clearer clearer picture of who you are. And once you do that clear clarifying sense of self-identity as your shame is also healing is so wonderful. Something inside changes. Something inside feels lighter. There's a light there now that wasn't there before. Okay, let's go to the next characteristic that comes out of shame. And that is people with shame tend to judge themsel harshly. They tend to be very hard on themsel. So if you were to get inside their brain on any given day, you would hear hundreds of messages in their brain that are criticizing everything they do, that are putting themsel down in every situation. And if they fail, then they beat themsel up royally. Part of that is a belief that that's how you motivate somebody to improve is you put them down. that comes out of their parenting. Also, part of that comes out of if I fail, then I need to serve the time. Justice needs to be done. I need to be punished for my crime and I can't be let out of jail till I've served the time, which is I got to beat myself down for a couple days. So if we go back to our diagram, what you have with you hide the true self, you create these personas, then you have this internal critic. Now the internal critic is actually doing two things. He is criticizing everything that you do because it doesn't match the ideal self. Oh, you could be better. You could have been done that better. If only you had like this. So it's constantly comparing the persona to the ideal self and constant failure. So constant criticism, but it's also being critical by saying you're fake. This is a false persona. This is not the true you. You have impostor syndrome. If people knew the true you, they would never love you. And so this internal critic has constant fodder to feed the mill that basically says you're phony and everything you do is never good enough. And so this internal critic for most people with complex trauma is very loud. It's very constant. And it just constantly feeds shame. It constantly makes them feel even worse. it constantly seems to confirm that negative identity that they aren't good enough and so it becomes this loop that just feeds off itself. Now let me take you back to where some of this began. So what happens for many children in complex trauma is they have parents who neglect them or they're critical. They abuse them. They're negative. They find fault. whatever the child does doesn't seem to be good enough. They're constantly sending verbal and nonverbal negative messages to the child. So what is happening in the child's brain is they're absorbing those messages. They're believing those messages and they're developing an internal parent in their brain. the IP that is basically pariting what their actual parents say and how they act toward them. That's basically shame. And so that internal parent just expresses the shame belief. But then there's another piece to this and that is this usually happens gradually. So let me give you an example. So the child is crying and parents get frustrated with the crying and saying big boys don't cry that's so weak go to your room and don't come out to you stop crying or if you're going to keep crying I'm going to punish you for give you something to cry about and so all of a sudden crying to them is such a weakness it causes them to get hurt and punished and shamed and so they hate that weak part of themsel that they're so that they cry so much that they're so sensitive And so now they go, I hate this part of myself. Let's lock it away. Then they get told they're too fat. I hate that I I'm fat. I I hate my body. Then they get told that they're too angry. I hate that I'm too angry. Then they get told they're too sensitive. I hate that I'm too sensitive. So gradually piece by piece of their personality they develop a greater negativity towards it. So now they hate their body, they hate their personality, they hate their emotions, they hate their skills, and they're trying to hide more and more of themsel and replace it with a mass that they think will gain them acceptance. But there's more and more of themsself that they don't like. So shame just has grown gradually through childhood. But also the internal parent has found more and more things to be negative about in themsself and that is what has happened inside a child. What is so important to understand moving forward is there have been a whole bunch of tests that have been done to basically figure out what is it that is the best longlasting motivation that brings about longlasting change and growth in people for people from complex trauma they thought it would be critical shame the person and what they found is that that brought about some shortterm improvement But if they kept getting criticized, if they kept getting shamed, after a while it actually made things worse. The child gave up growing. They felt hopeless. What brought about longlasting growth and healing and change? Self-compassion. What I want you to understand is what is actually needed to grow is the exact opposite remedy that shame has produced. Shame has produced shame and criticize and be hard on yourself when the actual remedy, the actual healthy solution is be kind to yourself. To a person who's always been hard on themsself, that feels wrong. That feels weak. that feels like how can that produce any good results. So you have to work through what feels very wrong. It feels weird. It feels awkward. It feels like you're being soft. But that is the path to healing. The next one and that is shame basically says I don't have value. So I don't want to feel that way. I want to feel valued. I want others to value me. So I must gain value somehow. I don't feel I have it inherently. I must earn it. I must gain it through externals. So let me show how this develops with shame. So what a what a child then will do is look for ways that cause them to feel they have value. So they compare themselves to others and they find kind of an arena where they seem to compete better based on kind of what culture values. So if they're very pretty and they go, "Wow, I'm prettier than everybody in this class." And culture values prettiness, then that's what gives me value is my prettiness. And then if they get validated from others that wow you're pretty then they go the whole basis of my value now is my prettiness my beauty or then as they develop my body or how good I am in bed my ability sexually that's what gives me value or my brains I'm smarter than everybody I get awards I get recognized So everything is on my ability to use my brains. That's what gives me value. Or I am very talented in sports. I'm very talented in music. I'm very talented in acting. So everybody's validating that they're respecting me because of my talent. So my talent is what gives me value or my accomplishments. I am a hard worker. I can produce a lot of positive things and accomplish a lot of stuff and people respect me for that and like me for that. So my accomplishments based on my constant hard work is what gives me value or if I get positions where I have power then I have value. So I need to work towards significant positions or if I have lots of possessions that must prove that I'm significant. So I need big house, big car, lots of toys. That's what's going to give me possessions. or I'm going to be part of a culture or religion that says if you act a certain way that's proper, that's sophisticated, that's spiritual, then you're going to get respected, then you're going to be better than everybody else. All of those it's trying to gain value and therefore solve shame. Some people though go to the other extreme and they go, "Well, I can't compete in the brains. I can't compete in the body. I can't compete in the possessions, but I'm going to be the baddest of the bad and that's going to get me respect from certain people. That's where my value will come from." So they're trying to solve shame by gaining all of their value through externals since they don't feel they have anything internally. And it's all based on comparing themsel with others. But do you realize what comes out of that? What happens if a prettier girl comes to school? Now I feel insecure. Now I see that person as the enemy, as a threat. Now I must prove that I'm prettier than them. Now I must put them down somehow to reestablish that I'm superior, my dominance. Now I must always point out the flaws in others. It sets up an unsafe society. It sets up a deep insecurity and always needing to prove something all the time. The next thing that happens for a lot of children in complex trauma is they head down a direction of gaining value based on the first thing that their parents or relatives or friends validated about them. So if they were told they were funny, oh you're so funny, all of a sudden they're heading down that road and that's my sense of value. That's where it comes from. So I'm going to be the funniest around. I'm going to be funny all the time. Or if they got told, "You're so pretty." And that was constantly the focus every time people met them. Wow, you're so pretty. Then that became the focus of their life. Then other children, every time they help somebody, oh, you're such a helpful person. And then the people that they help, they go, oh, thank you so much. You're such a wonderful person. And so now their value comes from helping people. others. You're so sacrificing. You're always giving. You You never make demands. You never express your needs. You never push. You just give, give, give. Wow, you are just a saint. They go, "Wow, okay, then I'm going to never have needs. I'm just going to give and sacrifice constantly because that's what gives me my value." or others all of a sudden seemed to realize that they gained value every time they were sick. So mom and dad neglected them nor normally, but when they were sick or they had a problem, mom and dad came rushing in, gave them all kinds of attention. All of a sudden, they were super valuable. So if they're in pain, if they're sick, if they're in need, that's the way to gain value. Many, as soon as they got a job, then they got status. They got money. They got recognition. People noticed them. So their whole value came from their career. Problem is when they lose their career, when they retire, then who am I? Where does my value come from? So what comes out of all of these things? What I'm wanting you to see is in a healthy home, a child is able to be a human being. Their value comes from just being. It's inherent. Complex trauma. You have to come become a human doer. All your value comes from externals by you doing something. That is the wrong way to approach value. But that is what they think is their only option. Let me add a couple others. Some people lived with shame for so long and then they become a parent and all of a sudden they have a little life that adores them, a little life that wants them, a little life that they feel such love for. They realize this child is totally dependent on them and that gives them a sense of value. And so the solution in their brain is I need to be a parent. I always have to have my child dependent on me. I need to create a relationship with my child where they're not actually allowed to grow up and become independent of me. They always need to depend on me in some way. And then others, they just go, I need validation. I need others to notice me. That will give me a sense of some value. So they begin to pursue the spotlight to try to get others to notice them. They begin to tell sensational stories. They whenever anybody shares something with them, they share a one-up story to try to look a little bit more impressive than everybody else. They tell you regularly about all of their accomplishments, just hoping people go, "Wow, you're impressive." They're longing for value. Let me add one final one that comes out of shame and that is they isolate and build walls. So the ultimate way to hide shame to hide my authentic self is to isolate. But to understand isolation there's geographical isolation and there's internal isolation through building walls around your heart. So some people go to geographical isolation. They withdraw from people. They convince themsel that they don't need anybody and they kind of live all by themsel alone, self-sufficient and really don't have relationships. So, some go that route, but at most they go to building walls around their heart. And these can be people who have tons of superficial friends. They're very sociable. They can be the life of the party. They they're just constantly surrounded by people. But nobody's getting close to them. Nobody's going to get to know the real them. They're not going to reveal who they really are to anybody. They're going to let people know them to a degree, but then they're those people are going to bump into a wall. Those people are going to try to get to know them better, but aren't going to be able to do that. So let me take this back to develop it a little bit further because there's another piece that happens with this isolation. So in complex trauma, one way to understand it is the child is desperately trying to connect with mom and dad, but for some reason they can't have secure attachment with mom and dad. Mom and dad, neglect them, abuse them, they're too busy. So there's insecure attachment. The child concludes, "It's my fault." So, shame develops. The child then says, "I must hide my authentic self. I must isolate from people cuz I'm bad. Anybody gets to know me is going to reject me. So, I'm going to prevent that from happening by just isolating from people. That's going to be the best way to hide." But what then is happening inside the child because of shame is I don't even want a relationship with myself. So it's not just about me avoiding relationships with others and isolating from them. I don't even like me. So I'm going to isolate from myself. I'm going to abandon myself. So mom and dad kind of abandoned me. That's what it felt like because they didn't want to connect with me. So if they didn't want to connect with me and abandon me, well, I'm going to abandon myself. And so there's this self-abandonment that begins to happen. And as a result of that is there's a deep loneliness that sets in, a deep feeling of not belonging, of not fitting in. So these people can be in a crowd where everybody's laughing at their stories, but they don't feel they belong. They feel very alone. And what happens for so many people with that is it leads to addiction. There's such a deep emptiness, a deep loneliness. They have to medicate it. They have to try to fill it with something that makes them feel a little bit better. And so it leads to addiction. But it leads to for many to deep depression, to mental health issues. Because they've abandoned themselves. There's a deep deep loneliness. So what I want you to see is this isolation, this deep loneliness is really about deep shame that came out of lack of connection. The brain was trying to prot protect the child from getting hurt. And so what it thought was just isolate. That's the best way to protect the child. But it actually made things worse. What you have to understand is the brain was trying to protect the child from unsafe people. To continue to live in isolation is hurting you. What you are trying to protect yourself from is unsafe people. But what happen? What you need is connection with safe people. But your brain fears anybody I try to connect with, I'm going to get hurt. And what you have to fight against is I need connection. It's a key factor to my healing, to a healthy, meaningful life. I have to find safe people. It's going to get scary because I'm I'm going to be afraid this going to play out like it always has, but it always was unsafe people. So with safe people, it should be a different outcome. And I have to trust that even though I'm feeling fear, if I stay in continued isolation, it's just going to lead me to darker and darker places. Thanks for being with us. Have a great weekend. See you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @missjane474 [1 likes]: So much information. In tears trying to comprehend all that is revelant xx
1 heck of a therapy session!
  2. @mina_ward [1 likes]: I have watched and read multiple videos and books about toxic shame but this video game me so much new insight and understanding towards myself. Thank you. ❤ I have to move in with my abusive parent for 3 months for a great job opportunity and I’m afraid it will open all the wounds and feelings of shame. Will be coming back to this video to ground myself.
  3. @İremTuran-l6f [1 likes]: Last year l came into foreign city which is so remote my city and build a wall to around people. Actually it's not a solution. Thanks for you l eventually understand what cause of my validation from peope.❤❤(l'm a turkish sorry for my English)
  4. @ghamessmona: 🤍🕊
  5. @Vlachynahasbeenhacked: NOVÁ VETABA, STYDÍM SE 🤣🤷‍♂️👏

KAZDEJ KDO VAS POSLIHCA, SKONCI BUD V PAKÁRNĚ A NEBO V LAPÁKU….
  6. @suzesinger6762: We have to face that.... some people... do NOT WANT to find out who they are / meant to be!?!


My X.... always tried to live up to his manipulative parents expectations, as well as being bullied at school... Maybe sometimes at work.

He ran away.... from his responsibilities, quietly funded by his parents.
I would think that - even at the age of 53 - he is till the same.
  7. @cheekyboy5000: I went through all of this. all of it. for decades. I think I'm coming out the other side, tentatively, very slowly. In the process of, at least.
  8. @danielradev8033: Oh my god. This was everything i needed to know about myself, my friends and my colleagues...  it is so true
  9. @Ich-cq9uu: I am 20 now and I moved out to go to university and its my first time trying new hobbies.  I am also failing university right now because I have depression and sometimes its just not possible to go. But on the other hand I got hobbys and trying diffrent things and friends right now. I got 2 good friends one bad friend  one old friend I am not shure abour right now I dont know were I am going but it is often times very hard because there is so much to handle and it feels like there is darkness some days. I realized my childhood was bad when I fell through the ice of an lake , nearly not got out, when I got out I just went under the shower and went to university and to my swimming class because I knewed if I wouldn't go now my relationship with swimming would change. And then I realized for most people this would be considered traumatic. And then I thought about these other things in my life and suddenly it was just a funny story to tell at a party. But I always feel like something inside of me is dead
  10. @logosrelate: The part about play, exploration, and safe people feels especially important.
Many adults try to “think” their way into authenticity. But identity often emerges through experience:
- trying, failing, laughing, creating, connecting, experimenting.

Not performance.
Not perfection.
Practice.

Sometimes healing looks surprisingly simple: being allowed to be curious again!
  11. @AnehoawBlessUrHawrt: 0:10
2:25
6:49
8:29
12:47
13:15
17:10
19:42
21:09
22:38
24:20
  12. @merle_noire: i just wanna die at this point
  13. @perpetututuator: Jim carrey.
  14. @Laura-h5w6b: I find that fear the inability to  breath and be me it helps to have an actual safe environment to l it be in not everyone has that
  15. @shuv9955: So thankful for your show 🙏
  16. @lorenawuthrich: For the first time during my whole journey I feel like someone explained exactly whats going on/what was going on with me. Thank you so much for this video! I will be able to work with this a lot
  17. @skullyfreezid7993: What happens when you try to connect to other people in hope they’re safe ones but end up being really unsafe and now you deal with treason, trust issues etc ?
  18. @ubertalldude: The example of systematic deconstruction of a child's personality from about 9:30-11:00 is the most succinct description of how my mom treated me, and I'm still suffering from those wounds now that I'm in my 30s and my mom has been dead for over 5 years.
  19. @robbitpat: Thank you so much for sharing this valuable wisdom for free🥺
  20. @harika3423: It's just made me sad to listen to this but it is what it is, these sort of things happen when we don't have healthy parents

- Identity Crisis: Why Defining Yourself by Your Career Is a Problem: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC PLAYING] ARTHUR BROOKS: These days, you can't get anywhere without having a big argument about identity politics. I'm this. You're that. I'm a Democrat. You're a Republican. I'm a liberal, you're a conservative, whatever it happens to be. And those sorts of identities are critically important. A lot of people in business-- they shy away from those identity politics discussions, but they have identity politics all their own. They have an identity as a successful person. They have an identity that revolves around their excellence in their job. Who are you? A father and a grandfather. I'm a husband. But when people ask me that question, I say, I'm a professor at the Harvard Business School. Why? Because that's my identity. OK. That's a way to identify myself, to be sure. But if that's how I see me, that's a real problem, isn't it? That strips away the really important things that I have in my life. For those who see their identity as being a successful professional-- specifically successful-- that's an identity based on fear, isn't it? We all have fears. I mean, I have fears. It's normal to be afraid of things. But a fear of an attack on your identity, that's actually a death fear. That's important. Only 20% of the population is actually afraid of dying. But a lot of people who are really good at what they do-- a lot of my students, a lot of the people watching this-- they're desperately afraid of failing at work. That leads to a lot of behavior that's not very healthy, as a matter of fact-- that stripped down, cardboard cutout version of oneself, which is not good for you, it's not good for your relationships. People ask me this all the time, who are extremely successful in business, as a matter of fact, who are afraid of failure. And they say, look, I need to get over this, but I don't want to fail. What do you recommend? I actually have an exercise for that. It's called the Maranasati death meditation, adapted for professional failure. It actually comes from Theravada Buddhism on the southern tier of Asia, where the Buddhists would practice a contemplation of their own death. If you go into a Buddhist monastery in Thailand, or Vietnam, or Myanmar, Sri Lanka, you'll often find that the walls are adorned with photos of corpses in different states of decay. And you're like, wow, that's really morbid. It's not, it turns out. What happens is that the monks and nuns will contemplate those photos and they will look at each one and say, that is me and that is me. And they'll go through this Maranasati nine-part death meditation where they contemplate different stages of a body and a body in different states of decomposition. They'll say, that's me, that's going to be me. That's me. Because they're exposing themselves to the truth of their own mortality such that they can transcend it and actually be fully alive right now. You see how healthy that is, right? Well, for people who are desperately afraid of the death of their identity as a successful person, they need to be exposed to that reality as well. Because the truth of the matter is-- I don't care who's watching this, I don't care how successful you are-- the party is going to finish, man. It's not going to last forever. And you have to be comfortable with that so you can fully be alive and involved in what's going on in your life today, otherwise, you'll be immobilized by the fear of something that paradoxically, is the most normal, most predictable thing in your whole life, which is this is going to stop. I recommend putting together a little nine-part meditation where you say starting off saying, I feel like I'm losing my edge at work. I don't know. My decision-making isn't as crisp as it once was and people are starting to notice it. Step two might be people are starting to make remarks about the fact that I'm losing a step. Step three might be I'm thinking the board is starting to talk about my replacement and they're not including me in the discussions. Step four is I'm pretty sure that the end is coming for my career. I'm pretty sure. I don't want it to come, but I'm pretty sure it's coming. Step five is I've just gotten the word that I have to retire, even though it's not what I wanted to do. Step six might be. Yeah, I kind of got forced out. And the worst part is I don't think people remember me for what I used to do. They just think of me as the guy who got who got forced out of the job. Step seven is I just went back to my workplace and-- it's only six months-- but a lot of people are new and they didn't know who I am. Step eight is I moved away and now the people that I talk to-- they just think of me as a retired person. They don't even-- they don't even ask about what I used to do. And step nine might be, most days I don't even think about what I used to do. I'm just living a different life at this point. Now, I realize that sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's normal. Think about those things for two minutes each. Do that for three weeks and you'll be a different person. Not because you failed-- that's not even failure, by The way. Just normal life. You will no longer be afraid. You will no longer be afraid of these things actually happening to you because they will have happened to you in your mind. They will have happened to you in your heart. And you'll be comfortable with the fact that you have a trajectory of your success and the value that you're trying to create. And when it's over, you're going to submit because that's the only choice. And then you'll be at peace. Everybody needs to manage their own life like a project and understand that your skills and interests are going to change, to do things on purpose, to recognize that the good times are not going to last forever. And you have to engineer new good times under different circumstances. That's now what I talk about with people who are getting older, and that's the advice I'm taking for myself. And, I don't know, I-- I'm actually at peace for the first time in a long time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @harvardbusinessreview [121 likes]: If you found Arthur's advice useful, be sure to check out this recent article by him, on the dangers of workaholism: https://hbr.org/2024/09/youre-more-than-a-success-machine
  2. @SabrinaTrobak [1 likes]: This fear is really insecurity, self doubt, feeling not good enough, not valued. If you use your career as a mask to try to prove your worth you will struggle when the career ends. You need to find value in who you are as a human being.
  3. @LuposNightkind [1 likes]: identity politics has created cookie cutout gingerbread people. liberals look and act a certain way, and conservatives look and act a certain way… and everybody else dies of failure or leaves the country. WHAT A GREAT FUCKING FORMULA TO LIVE BY!!!

this topic has created idiots like Jordan Peterson who puts as much thought in his presentation as i do defecating on the toilet.

people do not deserve this.
  4. @LifeAfterEnough [1 likes]: The danger of letting your job and career become your identity is so underestimated (yet so many people fall into the trap). Money can remove pressure, but it doesn’t automatically rebuild identity. If work has been the organising principle of your life, freedom (whenever it actually arrives) can feel disorienting before it feels good. Hitting the goal of walking away from work, is often easier than knowing who you actually are after it's gone.
  5. @raffaelesuppa4255: Doctor ( ? ) what’s your identity?  God? 😮
  6. @didiertuysuzian6067: Why defining yourself ? I don' t believe in identity : it is a tyrannical escapologist ...
  7. @AndrewChun791: Metrosexual bi-curious gender non-conforming transvestite. (Sorry to transient folks out there, didn’t it mean it a derrogatory manner, moreso simply aptly put)
  8. @MMMM-qg7ln: Not helpful
  9. @jldeshayes3109: sure
  10. @ArchanaB_DE: Language is upstream; the anxiety of an identity crisis is downstream. Our brains haven't evolved much since the Stone Age, so professional failure still triggers a 'death' response in the amygdala. By naming the experience, we override that primitive hardware and regain control. We don't just need 'coping skills,' we need better linguistic framing.
  11. @ageoflove1980: The trick with being afraid is seeing it as a thing on its own, by itself. Its a feeling that makes you hurt, nothing more, nothing less. Now the connection you make between that feeling and other things is something thats entirely in your head so something you have control over. So afraid of losing your job? Just remember that this stomach crunch you feel actually has nothing to do with losing your job by itself, its your brain that connects those two things. 

So explore that connection, dont hide from it but face it head on: Is it the job itself, the activity? Well can you no longer do something interesting if you stop doing it for this company? Is it your coworkers? Well, do you actually care about what they think. If they no longer regard you highly after losing your job. were they even your friends in the first place? Is it the money? Is that job really the only way to make money? Am I really going to be afraid about the fact that maybe I have to live in a smaller house or drive a smaller car in the future? 

Sounds a bit petty when you think about it, right? So by exploring your fears and disconnect it from actual real things, you can quite easily overcome it.
  12. @miaosun4382: ai force me out
  13. @minaselim3758: when the system fail , they promote a professor like him to meditate on professional death instead of revolting to fix what went wrong .
  14. @toms6997: I really needed to hear this
  15. @AmandaRe-vo7su: The last part about forgetting what I used to do is now actually the joy of my life because I've moved on and am embracing this new phase.
  16. @SpeakEnglishNow01: Great
  17. @communitiesrapekids: Mind Reader Alert! Sylvester wants to prove that it is really him, who is I.  Thats his new id.  I suspect a book very soon.  One that attempts to rob me of everything I wrote about him.  You see when people read books they view themselves inside of the writer.  Well … not every book.  Try doing it with his.  What he has is a village scam.  His book will be about, The Moral Authority of The Village.  A book about how much class the contractors have.  Personally, I think it’s defamation.  It’s a book about being cheap.  A bargain bin book.  Tabloid trash.  Just like, The Good News of Jesus Christ.  Thats what defines a bad identity crisis.  it's like putting too much stock in the Polish Soccer Game.  Does that make sense to this video? I only read book covers, so to speak.  Thats what makes me a genius.  the 99% are only capable of two things.  lying and crying.  words of advice ... leave the book writing for the genius'.  the 99% shouldn't talk.  and that is why they put so much stock in TV.  identity crisis.  defined.
  18. @queensisierra84: I mean, of course, when you lack culture, you will have to find your own way to figure out who you are through your identity, which really doesn’t exist without culture. Without it, in order to find balance for yourself you have to go with what only makes sense. And that’s seeking someone or something outside of yourself for answers to your own life. What else can you do when you’re going through an identity crisis and lack ancestral customs and traditions that ties to identity?
  19. @starflicker79: Thank you, I really needed to hear this.
  20. @TheNoladrummer: Defining yourself by your career may be a problem for a jerk-off Harvard professor like you.  But for me, identifying as a drummer and musician is the natural expression of my true self. You've never created anything of value churning out Harvard morons and writing Oprah books. But I'm connected to something greater than myself - a link in a musical chain that has stretched from the first humans to right now and will continue after I'm gone for all of Human existence. I pity you.

- Trauma Expert: How to Rebuild Self-Identity After Years of Shame - Tim Fletcher: Kind: captions Language: en Little T trauma is something good that should have happened to you but didn't. It's neglect. Your needs weren't met. You weren't accepted. And over 80% of people have it. I have to learn to please mom and dad so they'll take care of me. So, I will be whatever they want me to be. I'll take care of their emotions. I'll take care of their needs. I'll suppress my needs and sacrifice. But what's happened underneath? I don't think I'm worth loving. I think I have to earn my love. And I think everybody that gets to know me will reject me. So, I have to hide. I have to wear masks. I can't [music] be authentic. What happens in the child is this massive fear of abandonment that if people get to know me, they're going to eventually see the real me and abandon me. So, now I either have to control you, be super needy, test you all the time, and so that sets up relationships to fail. [music] So, you create the very thing you're trying to avoid. The whole childhood roles has been broken down into four kind of main roles. The hero child usually is the one that gets validated quickly for being responsible, for conforming to the rules. Number two is the comedian. Their response is to get everybody to like them. Always be light and funny. Number three is the invisible child or the lost child. They're the one that says, "I'm going to become super small so that I'm never a burden." The fourth one, the scapegoat or the problem child. They're the only one that refuses to go into denial. Most people with complex trauma don't know who they really are because they've been wearing masks for so long that they don't even know their identity. >> So, how do you go back to that authentic self? Hi everyone and welcome back to today's episode. Super excited to introduce today's guest, theme Fletcher. Theme is a researcher and counselor with over 30 years of experience specializing in the field of addiction and complex trauma recovery. He's also has a YouTube channel with over 400,000 subscribers, which is how I discovered him. Tim, thank you so much for taking the time and being here today. >> My pleasure. Thank you for having me. >> Yeah, thank you so much. And um I want to start by asking you what is complex trauma and what are the effects that you know it has on us as adults? Well, that's uh such an important question, but the answer is quite a big answer, Francesca. So, uh let me just kind of lead into it this way. I think where a lot of people get hung up is with the word trauma. and they still are using kind of the old definition, the original definition of trauma, which was came out of kind of the war stuff, PTSD, and and it really trauma got defined as what we now call big T trauma, some horrific event that's not >> normal. >> Um, that happened to a person that was just overwhelming and so they had to go into fight or flight or freeze. So there definitely is an element of trauma that is big T trauma, but what we've come to realize is that the majority of trauma is actually what we now call little T trauma. And over 80% of people have it. And so if you think of big T trauma, it's something terrible happening to you. Little T trauma is something good good that should have happened to you but didn't. So, it's invisible trauma. It's neglect. It's something your needs weren't met. You weren't able to connect. You weren't accepted. You weren't given healthy validation. You were constantly criticized. Parents weren't emotionally available. So, your needs weren't met. So, it's not like anything bad happened to you. It's that good that should have happened to you didn't. >> And that's what makes it kind of invisible. But if you think of a child where that either so complex trauma is it's based out of math where you have simple ma simple numbers and complex numbers. So you we have one-time events called simple trauma ongoing events or ongoing dangers called complex. So complex trauma ongoing danger can be made up of big T and little T trauma. For most kids, it's a blend, but the majority is usually little T trauma. So, if you picture a child, what happens to them when they're neglected or abused? So, big T or little T trauma in an ongoing way. And or they pick up that mom's not safe, dad's not safe. Their guts saying dad's anger makes it so I can't connect with him. Mom's just emotionally withdrawn. I can't connect with her. This isn't a safe place. Is normally when you're in danger, you go to fight or flight. But what happens with a child is I'm too little to fight and I'm too little to run away. So they go into two other Fs. They either go to freeze, which is I can't escape to an external world, so I'm going to go into an internal world where I feel safe. So I'll go into staying busy all the time or a fantasy world. all of those different things just >> where I feel safe. >> But the problem with a little child is I still need mom and dad to meet my needs because I'm not big enough to meet my needs. So they have to go to the fourth fawn. I have to learn to please mom and dad so they'll take care of me. So I will be whatever they want me to be. I'll take care of their emotions. I'll take care of their needs. I'll suppress my needs and sacrifice. Then hopefully I'll take care they'll take care of me. So those are adaptations that a child is making. But if you think of a child that adapts by fawning. So they learn to be a hero. They fix everybody else's problems. They never say no. They're super responsible. They give, give, give. They're high performing. They work hard. They get validated for that. They This is an amazing person. They go, "You don't have any problems. You are the healthiest persons I have ever seen." that gets to know me will reject me. So can't be authentic. I then have to learn to not trust people because they always let you down. I have to learn how to manipulate people to get my needs or be in control cuz I can't just come out and ask people. So you got two kind of things going on inside of them that 30 years later they go to get into an intimate relationship and they go why am I struggling so much? >> The things that everybody validated me for now are causing my relationships to break down. And the things that I had to do to survive like lying and not trusting and manipulating are messing up my relationships and keeping them from being healthy. So to me, one of the sad parts of complex trauma is the adaptations a child has to do to survive that worked in helping them survive. There's a delayed negative effect of 20, 30, 40 years where all of a sudden you realize that adaptation that I thought was good is actually bad. It's a male adaptation and it's preventing me from healthy relationships and a healthy life. But because I don't realize that till 30 years later, I don't automatically go back to, I wonder if there's something in my childhood that's causing this. I just go, "Oh, I married a jerk." Or, "Oh, my job's just too stressful. That's the problem." And so, we don't naturally look to complex trauma stuff in childhood as the root issue. when there's problems 30 years later. And so that's why for a lot of people, they go to doctors and psychiatrists to get band-aids on symptoms, but they don't really ever get to understanding what took place in my core when I was 5 years old when all of that stuff was happening. >> Absolutely. And when you mentioned escaping into fantasy for instance, I'm curious why would that manifest like as an adult. >> Um I think it can go in a whole bunch of different ways. So another way to just broaden it a little bit. So what is happening when a child escapes inward? So they go to freeze response is there's really a dissociation taking place from the present. So to them the most dangerous place to be is in the present. The safest place to be is anywhere but present in the present. So they are always escaping being present in the present. So they can do that through being busy all the time. constantly organizing, constantly working, constantly playing video games, watching TV, anything that keeps them distracted from being in the present. But they're also not present to themsself because they think they're not worth loving. They're must be a pretty bad person. So, they're kind of escaping their own thoughts and feelings. So, one of the greatest punishments for a person with complex trauma is to be in a quiet room all alone by themselves with nothing to do because then they'd have to live in their own skin, which to them is torture. Um, so that's one form of dissociation. But then more extreme forms is people can actually kind of like o out of body experiences where they go they're being sexually abused and they can be on the ceiling looking down as if it's happening to somebody else or they can be on the a beach in the Mediterranean and just be totally out of their body. So they're not present in the present. Um but then some escape into a fantasy world. So they love TV and and books. So they they love good things that use their creativity and their imagination. But now they create this world that's safe where everybody loves each other where they are loved and respected and that's where they start to go to because they watch enough TV maybe this can happen in real life. So they start to believe their fantasies are possible realities for them and that gives them hope. So they fall in love. What happens? It creates fantasy feelings. They go to fantasy world. They hope Mr. Night and shining armor is going to make me totally happy and we're going to have a happy and they chase that fantasy. And so fantasy or dissociation can happen in all aspects of life. But the fantasy part often happens when they're facing a new relationship, a new job, a new move. Is your brain goes to let's imagine perfect outcome. That gets rid of the fear. That gets rid of the unknown. That gives us excitement. Um but it's often very unrealistic. It's not based on reality. It's based on a bunch of lies and so it always lets them down. [snorts] >> Very interesting. And you talked about some signs that complex trauma has on us as adults. And I saw one video of yours. You were talking about how you can even see it in someone's eyes. Can you tell me some what are some signs that you can immediately see in someone? >> Well, we've over my years of kind of working with clients and talking to them and researching this, we've come up with 90 different ways complex trauma affects your your brain, your body, your emotions, your immune system, your relationships, how you cope. It it affects every area of life. all of those maladdaptations. Um, so if you just think of the child that is neglected or abused and they conclude it must be my fault. So they begin to develop and a core belief that I'm not good enough. So we call that shame and that's really one of the core characteristics of complex trauma. So a child in a healthy home that's loved unconditionally and accepted, they go, I have value. I am lovable. It's a very positive self-identity. Complex trauma where you're neglected and abused, you develop a negative selfidentity. Anybody that gets to know me authentically is going to reject me. I can't connect with anybody being authentic. I have to be somebody else. Um I'm not lovable. I have to earn love. So all of those messages begin to affect the core. So if you meet somebody with deep shame, often you look into their eyes right away and they can't maintain eye contact. There there's a you can see the shame in their eyes. So that's that's that piece. And then for many people, what happens if you look at complex trauma is the child is adapting to try to get love, to try to get their needs met. So they're they're being this hero. They're being a perfect child, never saying no. But then they it starts to spread. So they begin to go, in order for mom and dad to be happy with me, I have to have only one emotion. I got to be happy all the time. If I show sadness, if I show anger, I get punished, they get mad at me. So they start shutting down their emotional world and try to be happy all the time. But what they're doing is murdering part of themsel, saying that's bad. But then they go, I can't listen to my gut. I can't trust my gut. Because when I go around that uncle and I feel bad, my mom keeps pushing me and say, your uncle's fine. And then he sexually abuses me. But there's nothing I can do. So, I'll shut that down. My needs are never getting met. I keep talking about them. So, let's just start shutting down my needs. I don't need this. I don't need that. So, you begin to shut down more and more of what makes you human. >> Then you go, I got to shut down my sensitivity. I got to shut down all of that parts of my personality that I don't like. I'm too talkative. I'm too unorganized. I hate I hate I hate shut down. Shut down. Now when you look in a pe person's eyes, you see the emptiness of their soul. They've shut down so much of them. It's like you're looking into a robot. There's no life there. There's just this empty black spot and it's because they've had to shut down. Um so some have learned to compensate for that and and and mask all of that. And so you begin to see it in other ways. You see their difficulty sometimes in regulating their emotions. You see their shame show up in people pleasing, not setting boundaries, not respecting your boundaries. Um having trouble if you say no to them. They they get all upset or they can't say no to you. They need you to like them or they're just depends who they're with. They shift into this different persona and it's like they're a chameleon. They can be whatever the group requires of them, but they don't know who they authentically are. And then they don't all of their sense of having value is based on externals. It's based on their job, their money, who they know, their body, their brains, their possessions. And you go, they don't have any sense of inherent worth. And then they got to be busy all the time. they can't stay connected. So you just start seeing characteristic after characteristic that this person is dealing with shame and not being present in ways that enabled them to survive in the past but are really standing out now. >> Yeah, that makes total sense. I know you mentioned before you know like the perfect child or these different roles that we play as children. What are the main ones would you say? Can you describe them and how they manifest in in adulthood? >> Yeah. So it's the the whole childhood roles has been broken down into four kind of main roles. So there's the hero child or the perfect angel child. Then there's the comedian or the jester child. Then there's the invisible or lost child. And then there's the problem child or the scapegoat. And so what's important to understand is you've got a child whose needs aren't being met, who's got pain because of that, who's being hurt because they're not being loved, respected, accepted, seen, heard, validated. All of their core emotional needs aren't being consistently met. So in the child's mind, it's my fault. I just need to change. If I adapt, I can fix the problem. It's on me to fix the problem. >> They can't fathom or even their brain can allow can't allow them to fathom that mom and dad might have their own problems and mom and dad might even be very screwed up because they need mom and dad to be solid. They need mom and dad to be heroes because they couldn't deal with the reality and pain of the people caring for them being very unhealthy. So there's a >> I was going to ask why do we always take responsibility? >> Yeah. So there's a level of denial about mom and dad's role. There's it's all on me. It's all my fault. I'm the one that has to change if this is going to be fixed. So depending on the child, the personality, what they might get validated for, they will try different roles and then settle on one that seems to work the best. And in some cases, depending who they're with, they'll switch into different roles. So the hero child usually is the one that gets validated quickly for being responsible, for taking care of mom and dad, for being very compliant, for conforming to the rules, for being super responsible, for never saying no, for always pleasing everybody, for always being sweet, for never being needy, for never being too out there, for being a hard worker. All of that in our culture gets validation, validation, validation. So the kid goes, "Wow, this is working. I am finally getting love and respect and people are looking up to me. So I am going to be this hero child." The problem is >> like the oldest child >> often. >> Yeah. often problem is when you get to adult life, you burn yourself out and deep down you have a deep anger and resentment that you're caring for everybody else and nobody's caring for you. >> You're taking care of everybody else's needs. Nobody sees your needs or cares about your needs. So it but to get out of it then you go I couldn't do that. I couldn't give it up because then nobody would validate me. nobody would see me or respect me. So they feel trapped in this prison almost that I have to continue to try to be this people pleaser, perfectionist, conforming to the rules person. So that's number one. Number two is the comedian who their response to all the anger in the family, the hurt in the family, and to try to get their so they're going to try to fix the family and try to get their needs met is to get everybody to like them and always be light and funny. So if we're laughing all the time, then we'll feel close. Then we won't be fighting. Then we won't be arguing. and everybody's going to look up to me cuz I'm the funny guy that's always got a good story and I'm going to have lots of friends and I get validation and I'm going to be popular and that's where they go. But then they get to adult life and try to have an intimate relationship and they can never be serious. They can never get real. They can never go deep into their own stuff because they got to keep it light. They got to keep it funny. They hate conflict. They run from conflict. So they never resolve problems. They just try to gloss over problems with humor. So that's number two. And then number three is the invisible child or the lost child. And they're the one that says basically I'm never a burden. I'll never put my needs out there. I'll never be have a big personality. I will hide out in my room. I will serve everybody behind the scenes quietly or I will isolate and be totally invisible. So, I'll be a flower on the wall as long as I'm not noticed um and asked to do anything that would put me on display. So, if you look at a complex trauma family that's very unhealthy and those are the three kids that you have, a spectator would come and say, "Wow, what a wonderful family. You must be wonderful parents. Look at these three children. This one never makes any demands. They're so giving. This one is so responsible. This one is funny, is always pleasant. This is a perfect family. Meanwhile, you got three kids trying to survive a very sick family. Um, so that's where the fourth one, the scapegoat, the problem child, they're the only one that refuses to go into denial. They're the only one that refuses to be dishonest about their needs not being met. That there's a lot of unhealthy stuff and anger and hurt happening in this family. And so they refuse to conform. They refuse to not keep their voice quiet. But the problem is now they're considered to be defiant, rebellious, not appreciative, don't have gratitude. You don't know how good you've got it. And everybody now looks at them and go, "Wow, you'd have a wonderful family if it wasn't for that one kid. That one kid is why your family is struggling." So that makes them the scapegoat. Now all of the problems of the family are now blamed on that child. And that child gets an identity out of that. They almost in their mind are proud that they stand up to all this corruption and all of this abuse of authority. So now when they get to adult life, they they feel they need to maintain that defiant attitude to everything. And so they're they turn into this identity even when they're with safe people, even when they're in healthy relationships, they still got to be defined. That is fascinating and I can definitely see even in my own life, you know, how people around me and myself included, you know, like have different roles and grew up and you know with the comedy child like the funny child you mentioned is like they they're really scared of like being boring or like people if they don't crack a joke people won't like them and you know like then you've got the people pleaser and then you've got and then I could also associate in my head like, "Oh, this is the oldest child usually or this is the middle child or the youngest child." Very, very interesting. >> Good. Yeah. And what I want people to know is that child was trying to survive. They weren't going, I I'm looking for a way to mess up my life in 30 years, so I am going to adopt these roles that will eventually lead to nothing but trouble. No, this is a child that's so overwhelmed by hurt and their needs not being met that their brain is just desperate to try to find a place to keep get to safety where they feel a bit safer and survive. So, it's so important for people to realize that the correct answer when you see this stuff in yourself is to not beat yourself up >> and not go, "Oh, wow. You really screwed up. That's terrible. You're terrible." No, don't beat up the child that's trying to survive in a very difficult surrounding. Understand why they had to and understand that the tools that let them survive no longer work today. You need to learn new tools today, not beat up a child. >> Absolutely. Such an important message. And you know this the whole point of like self-development, self-love, self-acceptance is you know like accepting yourself. So beating yourself up is not a good strategy into you know self-development, self-growth, self-acceptance. And you've touched on shame as well. Um why do people who've experienced trauma have this really intense feeling of shame? So to me there's two levels to this Francesca because most people when they think of shame think of the emotion of shame and there is an emotion of shame and and that's really what most cultures have focused on is you should be ashamed of yourself. So shamebased cultures is you don't do certain things because it'll bring shame to mom and dad. It'll bring shame to the family. And so we understand the feeling of shame. But the question that to me is so important for people to understand is where does that emotion come from? Emotions don't just happen. They're because of something else. And so it really gets to shame as an emotion is actually a secondary definition of shame. The true deep definition of shame is shame is actually a core belief that I'm not good enough. I don't deserve love. I have to earn love. I am not lovable. I don't have value in myself. If something goes wrong, it must be my fault. So that core belief, why I highlight that is because for most people that is totally subconscious. So, let's say you look at a young girl that was neglected, sexually abused. Um, and so she develops a deep I don't like myself. I'm not lovable. Anybody that's attracted to me is going to want to use me and and not just love my soul. They're only love my body. But she is pretty. She gets lots of validation for her looks. So she's adored by everybody at school because she's the prettiest girl in the school. So if you were to go up to her and go, "Do you have shame?" She go, "No, I don't have shame. I feel good about myself." So she's equating shame as just being because I don't have the emotion at the moment. I don't have shame. What she doesn't realize is she is controlled by shame. Her whole point of not having shame emotions is I have to keep myself pretty and the prettiest and attractive and I got to learn to flirt and learn to be good in bed so that I always feel good about myself. So she is looking to others to validate her for her to be able to feel good about herself. That's always a sign of shame >> because I don't naturally have good feelings for myself. I have to perform to get others to validate me and I will perform in either position, power, brains, looks, body, whatever. Um because I don't inherently feel good about myself as is. So that shame to me is what comes out of all complex trauma is that deep negative self identity that operates in this subconscious and that's why when I do a series or a seminar on shame people come and go I don't have shame by the end of it they go oh I didn't see how much shame I actually have and it's because they just think of it as an emotion and they don't see that core thing or see that it's been in their subconscious since a child. >> That makes a lot of sense and I think a lot of people can relate to that. Especially what you mentioned like girls feeling like oh I need to be pretty or I need to flirt or I need to get guys attention and you know same way for guys like oh I need to get loads of girls or I need to achieve this to be good enough. >> Exactly. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. So to me it's just for people to realize we've done a whole series on it but it's a core I would say it's it's kind of the ground zero for the damage done from complex trauma because it it's it reshapes your core identity from a positive to a negative and that then affects everything you do in life every relationship you enter into. So, a person with a positive self identity when they go into a relationship, they go in as an equal. My needs matter just as much as yours. If you don't respect me as much as I respect myself, I'm out of here. Um, and and so that is their whole approach to relationships. A person with shame, they go, I have to earn love. I am not lovable. So, I am going to go into a relationship deep down feeling that I better please you if you're going to take care of me. I better put my needs aside and put your needs in the forefront if you're going to like me. So, what you've done is you've set up a relationship that's imbalanced and it's because of shame. And so, it leads to codependent type relationships where I am trying to get you to like me so you'll meet my needs. I am not going and going my needs are already met. I'm not having this relationship based on need. I'm having this relationship based on I'm looking for companionship and I'm looking for connection. It goes at it with a totally different motivation behind relationships. >> And I'm curious is what is the difference between shame and low selfworth or are they the same thing? >> They're basically the same. Um, low selfworth is kind of what so low self-esteem and all of that back in the 80s became kind of a buzz term. Um, but I would if I could make a distinction that might be helpful. I think when many people use the word shame, they actually as an emotion they actually mean guilt. Um so the distinction around shame and guilt is often very important for people to understand. So guilt is really a healthy system. It's like this internal alarm system that every time I do something that violates love. So I tell a lie, I cheat, I steal, there's a siren that goes off inside that makes me feel guilty. It's a very uncomfortable feeling. But what the point of it is is it mo motivates me to get back to living in a loving way to treat people with respect to treat people the way I want to be treated. So guilt can be resolved. It can it's based on actions doing stuff that violates love and it creates guilt feelings that often has been called shame. You should be ashamed of yourself because you just lied. But it's really guilt. Shame is all about that feeling based on identity. It's not about what I do. It's about who I am. >> So very guilt's about what I do. Shame is about who I am. Guilt I can resolve. Shame I can't fix. >> How do I change who I am to that child? That means that's impossible. So now I have to try and compensate for shame to get that feeling to go away. So, I'll be the smartest kid in the class, the best athlete in the class, the richest, the most successful, the prettiest, whatever. But I'm constantly trying to compensate as my only way of knowing how to resolve it. >> Yeah, that's such an important distinction about identity level and then behavior. >> What about people who feel like they're a burden in their relationships? Why is that? So to me it's very much a complex trauma shame thing again. So if you're neglected or abused and you go it must be my fault. So why am I being neglected? Well must be because I'm too much. I'm too needy. If I get criticized every time I express the need. If I get told I'm selfish every time I have a need. If I ask for something and mom rolls her eyes like or mom's size, I just I feel like a burden all the time for having needs, for being alive, for being in this relationship. And so what the child does again to compensate to adapt is I will take care of everybody else's needs and not have any needs of my own because if I have needs I will be a burden and people will reject me. And so it's very much that shame thing that having a need makes me a burden. What people don't realize and this is the other side of the equation. So that's what's happening in a child. A child is only concluding that because they're with unsafe people who are being narcissistic, where their needs matter more than the child. Because if the parent saw the child as an equal that they truly loved, their needs wouldn't be a burden. But if the parent is kind of wrapped up in their own selfish world, yes, the child is going to be neglected. the child is going to be abused and the child is going to pick up. I guess I'm a burden to this person, but they need to realize that's an unsafe person. You never are a burden with a safe person, only with an unsafe person. >> Important message. And I know you you've touched on this, but how does trauma or complex trauma affect your sense of self? Can you tell me more about that? So the two things so the one is if I'm authentic so if I back up every child comes into the world with really two powerful driving forces that are necessary and are good and number one is I need to connect or attach because I can't meet my own needs. I need to connect to mom and dad if I'm going to get my needs met. So attachment or connection is a powerful powerful driving force and that never goes away. I I am always going to need to attach to be healthy. But the second is the child comes in with this drive to be authentic. I am going to be me. My warts and all personality is going to come out. And so what in a healthy home a child realizes is if I'm authentic with safe people then I attach and I have true healthy intimacy and that leads to wonderful joy. But what happens in complex trauma is if a child is authentic they get rejected they get judged. They don't attach. So all of a sudden a formula a math formula develops in their mind that attachment or authenticity doesn't lead to attachment it leads to rejection and that will show up later in life. But what then happens is okay my authentic self therefore is bad so I need to hide it. And so it usually starts piece by piece. So I'm too sensitive I'll stop being sensitive. I'm too shy, I'll stop being shy. I'm too angry, I'll stop being angry. So, I hate that I'm so sensitive. I hate that I'm so disorganized. And they start shutting down parts of themselves. So, that soul murder is happening. And I'll try to be whatever other people want me to be. So, they pretty soon develop a persona. So, it could be the hero child, the comedian child, whatever. But they develop a persona that gets them acceptance depending on the group they're in and they can switch to different personas depending on the group. The problem is 30 years later they get into recovery and they go who am I? I don't even know. I lost the authentic me when I was five. I've been playing roles since then wearing masks being some what everybody else wants me to be. I don't even know who I am. So, I've had clients who first week of recovery, they do a personality test and they go, "Oh, yeah, I'm an extrovert." Blah, blah, blah. And then I get them to do it a year later and it's totally changed >> and they find out I'm an introvert. What? I thought I was an Well, you've been playing an extrovert for so long. You've got so good at it that that's who you thought you really were. But now you're realizing that no, you're an introvert. But in the past, you would have judged yourself for being an introvert. You you look down on introverts as being boring. But now you're learning to accept that this is the real you. So that's why most people with complex trauma don't know who they really are because they've been wearing masks for so long that they don't even know their identity. So, if I can add one more thing to this, Francesca, because what happens with a lot of people, they come into recovery and they go, "Help me get help me get to know myself." And I go, "Good. Let's do it." But in their mind is they think there's some switch on the wall that's going to get flipped and within one week they're going to know who they are. [laughter] And I go, "No, it doesn't work that way." How did a child in a healthy environment, how did they get to know themselves? Well, they spend the first 18 years of their life exploring, playing, trying a thousand different hobbies. One day they want to be a doctor, the next day they want to be a fireman, the next day they want to be a football player. Like, they got to try and fail a thousand times and then they go, "Oh, here's what I'm good at. Here's what I'm good at. I'm not good at that." So, in recovery, you got to give yourself permission to explore and play. >> I love that. >> Give yourself time to figure out who you are and try all kinds of different things. >> So, is this how you rebuild that identity if you've lost who you are or you know, you came in, you didn't even know who you were as a child, but then you had to put all these masks on. So, how do you go back to that authentic self? Yeah. And so what I want people to realize right up front is it's not something that happens quickly. This is a journey that you have to be willing to be patient with that you're going to now start out and I'm going to try different hobbies. I'm going to try things that deep down inside I've always thought maybe I might like or I might be good at, but I've been always afraid because a child in survival mode doesn't have time or brain energy to explore because they just got to survive. So, I'm just going to let myself begin to try different things. Maybe I'll volunteer here. I'll I'll sign up for this. So try this new hobby and just see am I good at it or not? And as you begin to do that, you begin to piece together this is what I'm good at. This is what I'm not. But then there's a second piece. How does a child partly get their identity? And so I use the illustration of mirrors. So you get your picture of your physical identity by looking in a mirror. But how do they get their core identity? It's they look into the mirrors of mom and dad and the people around them that reflect back to them by what they get validated for what they get how they get treated. This is who you are. Um and so it they reflect. But the problem in complex trauma is those mirrors aren't accurate mirrors. They're distorted mirrors. So, if you think of a a child, let's say, that's 2 m tall and very thin, but if they look in a distorted mirror and they're only a meter tall and a meter wide, and that's the only mirror they have, they grow up thinking they're a meter tall and a meter wide. But then they look in an accurate mirror and they're 2 meters tall, they go, "Something's wrong with that mirror." Like, that that's not right. And so it takes you a while to trust accurate mirrors when all you've had is distorted mirrors. So if somebody says to you when you haven't yet been able to trust accurate mirrors, "Wow, you're really good at this." You go, "Yeah, they're just saying that to be nice. They don't really mean it." Or, "I wonder what they're wanting. They like they're playing me here." And so you just kind of do away with absorbing kind of accurate mirrors. You only accept what fits the old distorted mirrors. And so, you really got to get some accurate mirror people around you that can give you good feedback that you learn to trust. And that can help you get to know yourself as well. >> That's so good. And just reminds me cuz I've heard this a million times like the boyfriend says to the girlfriend like, "Oh, you're so attractive or you're so" and the girlfriend's like, "You're lying." You know, that's not true. It's like or you're a good person, but then it just doesn't feel true. It feels like >> you're they're just saying that or they they don't really see me for who I am. They >> you know they think I'm a good person but deep inside I'm not a good person or it's that feeling of I'm Yeah. >> So if I can just say that another way for you if you realize that shame then has become the core message of a person with complex trauma which is I'm not lovable I'm not a good person etc. That actually becomes your default template your subconscious program that runs all the time. What you do as you go out into adult life is you are drawn to people that confirm that default template message. So you're draw you you actually get uncomfortable around people that contradict that message because it doesn't feel right. It feels wrong. It makes you uncomfortable. It makes you suspicious of them. That makes them feel unsafe to you. Whereas the people that feel safe to you are actually the unsafe people because they match the template. And so it's really realizing, wow, there's a default setting here that I got to retrain to a new setting. So what I say to people is when your default setting has been unhealthy to you, it becomes your normal, which makes it feel healthy because it's your normal. But now when you get around a healthy It feels wrong. It feels unsafe. It causes you stress. And so to get from an unhealthy default setting to a healthy setting takes 3 to six months of really walking through a lot of this feels wrong, this feels unsafe, this makes me afraid and very uncomfortable and even second-guessing myself before it becomes your new default setting. M and was the process of achieving that default setting of I am good enough, I am lovable. Well, I think it leads to a very important piece in recovery for a lot of people, and that is that you really need to be around safe people. Because if you continue to be around very unsafe people, then they're going to be giving you all the old messages and you're going to have to be using survival tools. You can't truly connect. You can't trust. You can't do all of the healthy pieces. And so you're using survival tools. So you can go and read books and go to courses where you're getting lots of academic information, but you're not able to implement it because you're not with safe people. And so it becomes really important for people to realize that recovery involves an education element, but a safe connection element. And that often is the hardest part for people because that means I got to set some boundaries with the unsafe people of my life and create distance where I can find some safe people, a surrogate family where I can begin to connect, have healthy mirrors, be able to use these new tools, try these new tools, and that takes time. But those are essential building blocks of getting on the road to recovery. H I think a lot of people are not going to like to hear that because so many people especially nowadays what I've noticed especially after co use isolation or like distancing themselves from others as a coping mechanism and they don't realize as you said that healing doesn't happen in isolation it happens in the safe corrective relationships. >> Exactly. And what I would say to some of those people is I think what co one of the good things that came out of COVID was we used to really think that connection could only happen in in-person relationships. But what we began to real like I remember the first time when we put our program online in COVID and my fear was we're not going to feel the connection over the internet. we're not going to pick up the vibes that we would in person and all of those cues of safety. But we were wrong. We were surprised, pleasantly surprised that even over the internet, we could still feel that connection and pick up all of those cues. And so I think for many pe what we've learned is for a lot of people that have been isolated a lot to go into a in-person face-to-face meeting creates way too much anxiety. That that's a a step too big for them to take. But they can start with doing some online connection stuff and eventually that can hopefully lead to some in-person stuff. But but if you only have a comfort level that tolerates online for now, start there because that is a great beginning point. >> I never actually thought about it like that. I always thought about online connection as like a bad thing or like a problem, you know, but actually it makes a lot of sense when you say like it could be a step to like then further going into like inperson connection or deeper connection. So it's just like a toe in the water instead of like exactly overwhelming yourself. Yeah, absolutely. And talking about relationships, can you tell me more about how complex trauma affects our relationships with others and how, you know, it leads to disconnection? >> Yeah. So, if you just take kind of what we've said so far, so you're going into a relationship with a shame belief that I'm not good enough, that I have to earn love, that therefore I got to take care of your needs and suppress my needs, I got to keep you happy and only have one emotion myself or else you're going to be annoyed at me. I got to shut down being authentic because authenticity leads to rejection, not connection. So what you see right there is you just laid out a foundation that makes unhealthy relationships, codependent relationships. But then you take it farther and and so the child then begins to go to, well, I can't trust anybody cuz everybody I've trusted has let me down. So don't trust. Okay. The only way I'm going to get my needs met is if I'm in control or I do everything perfectly or I please everybody or I manipulate everybody. So you've got four tools now that seem quite effective at meeting your needs, but they destroy intimate So you all of a sudden what you begin to realize is complex trauma is setting relationships up to fail in adult life. Then to me one of the biggest issues is for a person in complex trauma who had to dissociate. So any place but the present was desirable. So I'd rather be anywhere but in the present. Present to the present. Now you get into an adult relationship and your partner wants to connect. Your partner wants you to be present to them and you're just antsy and jumping all around inside wanting to be anywhere else but right here present to the present. And then if you look at a child from complex trauma where you couldn't resolve emotions so you just stuffed emotions. So I can't resolve pain. I can't resolve sadness. I can't resolve anger. Stuff stuff. and your partner wants to talk about You you your partner wants you to feel your emotions and talk about how you're feeling. No. Emotions are dangerous. Emotions are bad. Or you have a child who didn't stuff their emotions. They just exploded. And so now they're with their partner and they just go off all the time. And their partner goes, "I can't deal with you. you just get so angry you just go from zero to 100 in a nancond. I can't deal with it because they don't they've never learned to regulate their emotional world. And so that destroys relationship. So again, what I want people to realize is that complex trauma just sets a person up for failed relationship. So if I can give just one other piece, when you look at a child that's neglected or abused, basically what the child is feeling deep inside is I'm being abandoned. I'm not just a burden. Nobody wants me. Nobody cares enough about me to connect with me to so I feel totally alone. So when you think about abandonment, you begin to realize that's pretty painful emotion. maybe one of the most painful emotions cuz basically what it says is that I must be a zero if nobody wants to be with me. That's how much I have to offer. So what happens in the child is this massive fear of abandonment that if people get to know me, they're going to eventually see the real me and abandon me. So now when a person goes into a relationship without even realizing it again at a sub at a subconscious level, it's they're operating out of a fear of abandonment script, which basically is if you get to know me, you're going to leave me. So now I either have to control you, be super needy, test you all the time, do super fawning things to keep you liking me. All of those things are guided by fear, not by love. >> And so that sets up relationships to fail because people get tired of needy, needy, needy, control, control, control. And it it drives people away. So you create the very thing you're trying to avoid. >> The irony. >> And how can someone heal their fear or wound of abandonment? >> Again, it takes a lot of time. It's very possible, but it's probably the deepest, most painful wound for people that happened even preverbal. in their life. Um, and so when they it gets triggered today, they overreact. So their reaction doesn't match the crime of the moment. It's like way bigger. Um, so what I want people to realize is emotions take place in the limbic part of your brain and that's the survival part of your brain. And that's the child part of your brain. And so what happened if you were abandoned is if that gets triggered today, you go to the limbic part of your brain. But how does the limbic brain work? The limbic brain goes, I need to get feeling better now. I need to do whatever makes me feel better now or what enables me to survive now. It doesn't think long term. It doesn't think healthy. It just thinks shortterm gratification. So if having this doughnut makes me feel good, then let's have a donut. If taking drugs makes me feel good, let's have drugs. If going out shopping makes me feel good, let's do that. Let's do what makes me feel good. Now, so when a person has the fear of abandonment, what begins to happen is they begin to read things. They re begin to read abandonment into things. So, oh, my husband didn't look me in the eyes when he came home. Oh, he's probably looking at somebody else. Or we went to a social event and he went off and he talked to a bunch of people and didn't give me any time. Or when I asked him a question, he seemed distracted and he criticized something I did. So, you start reading abandonment and then you go to your limbic brain. And what does the liyic brain do? overreacts. It goes to this emotional lashing out, saying very distorted, hurtful things. So, what you have to realize is that your liyic brain when it gets triggered always gets to very distorted thinking that's not it feels factual, but it's not. It's based on old wounds with unsafe people that you think are happening again today. And so the past has moved into the present, but you think it's just the present. And so it's it's helping people when the liyic brain gets triggered to regulate it and get back into their wise cortex where they can go, okay, here's what I'm feeling, but what are the facts? Let's look over the last six months. Has this person ever done anything that even hinted at abandonment, that hinted at rejection? No, they've been loving, consistent, reliable, giving. Okay, so the facts don't match the feelings. So, let's go with the facts. And you gradually begin to retrain your nervous system to be relying on the facts of today, not on the old wounds. >> Amazing. Such an important message. I want to go a bit from romantic relationships into just like social interactions uh whether that's with friends or at work. A lot of people with complex trauma feel like they never fit in or like they can never belong. Why is that? >> Well, I think it goes back again to that lack of connection early in childhood. So I never truly connected with mom and dad or siblings. I figured it was all my fault. So what then happens with that is the brain goes to two places. It concludes that nobody will want to connect with me because I'm not good enough. And secondly, I don't even want to connect with myself because I don't even like me. So I abandon myself. I feel abandoned by others. I abandon myself. I don't want to connect with myself anymore. So, I stay distracted and busy and dissociate. And I'm pretty sure nobody else wants to connect with me. But yet, I still long for connection. But I don't want to connect by being authentic. So, let's try finding connection through fun, common activities, sports, [snorts] singing, dance, whatever. or hanging out with the gang at the corner, smoking. Let's all conform by how we dress and how we act. It looks like I fit in, but I still don't feel it because deep down I'm not connected. And so the haunting awareness of lack of connection always wins out that I never feel like I totally fit in or belong. But people keep chasing not healing the internal. They keep chasing if I only did this then I'd fit in. If I only and they keep focusing on externals that if I only did this then I'd belong and fit in. But it never works. So to them belonging isn't about authenticity. It's about conformity to a group standard. And it never works because unless there's true connection to safe people, you never feel like you fit in. Your internal gut always tells you the right message. >> What about people who've like been either bullied, you know, in school or ostracized? I remember watching one of your videos and you were breaking it down in like really nice sections and one of them was like, you know, hanging out with other outcasts and then how that affects like the, you know, adult relationships and again you're you're kind of feeling like I'm not like with the cool kids, I'm I'm an outcast or can you just go more deeply into that? I thought it was really interesting. >> Yeah. So like to me again the child that [sighs and gasps] in a healthy home their their harbor their rock their safe haven is home. That's where they're connected. That's where they're secure. That's where they're safe. Then they go out from that into the world and they interact with people. They don't need to fit in. They don't need to be accepted by the world because they fit in and are accepted at home. That's their rock. Um, but a kid that doesn't have that at home, they then go out trying to find that somewhere else. So, I I have to find my own tribe now. But I don't have the tools to know how to find a tribe. And I've already ruled out connection as being the key ingredient because in my mind, connection only leads to or authenticity and connection are bad. So, I go out looking to find connection through fitting in. But I got to create a tribe outside of my family because I don't belong or fit in there because I don't connect. I can't be authentic. So, a child often depends on if they're really smart, they go to the nerds. If they're really good in sports, they go to the jocks. If they're really pretty, they go kind of in that group. And so, they they kind of find their own place. And if they're can't fit in anywhere else, they just go to the corner of the school where all the losers are there and they start their own little outcast group. Um, but it gives them enough feeling of I'm not alone that it helps a little bit. Um, and what I would add would be this. When you look at the whole bullying situation, to me, a bully is a kid with lots of shame. They don't feel good enough. And so, they're trying to compensate by being putting others down, by picking on others, by being superior to others, by being cruel. Um, but it's shame dressed up to look superior. But that's a ton of shame that causes a kid to go against empathy and love and kindness and do the things that they do. But their radar finds other kids with shame that aren't being bullies, but are are actually feeling very inferior to others. And they gravitate to those kids because they know those kids aren't going to stand up for themselves. Those kids aren't going to stand up to them. because they've they've been so beaten down by their families that they just take it. They they're afraid to stand up for themselves. And so two shame people in the playground, a bully and the bully e attract each other. Um and and so often the bullies then cuz they still want to connect, they create their own little group of all their minions that are going to run around and do their bidding and they feel superior over. So it's like a narcissist that gets their mirrors around them that adore them, but they always have to pick on somebody else to try to make themsel feel bigger and better than everybody. And how can you recover someone who's experienced bullying in that way? How can they recover as an adult if it's still influencing their life? >> Yeah. And that's where I want people to realize is so many of the problems you face in adult life, you you see the symptoms. So let's say, oh, I keep falling getting bullied at work. I keep kind of going into old patterns with bullying. and they try to just fix the patterns. And to me, you're putting band-aids on symptoms. Until you actually heal the shame, the band-aids never work. And and what does it mean to heal the shame? It means that I learn to accept and respect myself enough that I'm willing to stand up for myself and require others to respect me. And if you don't respect me, you're out of my life. I'm not going to try to have a relationship with you. I'm not going to take it. I am going to take steps to stop it. And when a bully senses that in a person, usually they're they're gone because they only go after people that will take it. But you can't stop it and change it until you heal the shame. Until you grow to the place that I respect myself enough that I'm going to stand up for myself and require others to respect me, too. M yeah that makes total sense and just going back a bit to romantic relationships now um how does trauma affect someone's sexuality and intimacy >> in many ways um so [sighs and gasps] it can if there's been as part of the trauma sexual abuse that's a whole other story so let me just cover that first um cuz often with sexual abuse, a couple different things happen within that child. So number one is they feel used, dirty, um they hate sex, and they get to a point where they don't want anything. It just triggers them, makes them feel awful, angry, used. So they've never they've been told they're love, but love has always been sex. Love is always involved being used and hurt and taken advantage of. And so there's a great confusion there. Whereas others, this is the way they got validation. They realize, wow, my body sex. So they can go to the other extreme and that's all they want now. They become sex addicts, love addicts because this is what I'm good for. This is what I'm good at. This is what gives me value. And that was proven to me as a kid. So I am going to take that all the way to the bank all of my life. That has its own set of problems as well. So sexual abuse has just a profound earthquake effect on a child that can take years to sort through all of the wrong messages about sex, the wrong messages about self, the triggers around sex, love, relationships that can really make intimate relationships very difficult. Okay, other piece over here. If you look at a child whose needs weren't met, so there's when a child connects and is be able to be authentic with safe people, it releases wonderful chemicals in the brain, dopamine, oxytocin, serotonin. They feel good. We feel loved. We feel connected. We feel joy. So it releases the the chemicals that make life worth living. True connection with safe people. But picture a child who can't connect. So they don't have any connection which means they don't have those chemicals. So there's a real vacuum in their brain and emptiness. What's been released in their brain rather is cortisol, adrenaline. There's anger, there's fear, there's all those negative emotions. That's not a pretty world to have to live in, especially when you can't resolve it. So, they go to grandma's house and grandma gives them freshly baked cookie and it releases dopamine in the brain and they go, "This feels really good." Now they want to take eating out of a healthy role of meeting my physical needs and they want to use eating now to meet their emotional needs because it makes it gives dopamine. Then they find sex and they go, "This beats cookies. This is way better. A lot more dopamine. Oxytocin is released. I never had to have true connection. I just have the sex." So now they're taking sex out of a healthy use and using it to meet emotional needs because it's releasing chemicals. And that's why so many people that end up with sex addictions, relationship addictions, porn addictions, they're just chasing the chemicals of connection without actually having to connect in healthy ways. but they're ending up with addiction because they don't really satisfy or meet the needs. And so most people from complex trauma who've not had true connection have trouble with sex. So let me back up and say it this way. In a healthy place where true connection happens first and you enter into a relationship and you build healthy connection with a safe person, sex is like the cherry on top. It it becomes just an added bonus to an already strong relationship. But for a child from complex trauma where there's no connection, what they begin to think is if I give them sex that gives the feelings of connection. So sex is what leads to So now you're putting so much pressure on sex [snorts] to be the glue that makes the relationship stick together. You're using sex to as a way to compensate for your shame. So they'll never like me if I'm authentic. But if I'm really good in bed, then they'll like me. So now sex is used to draw people to the relationship. Sex is used as glue to hold a relationship together, but there's still no intimacy. And so it puts way too much pressure on sex. And so eventually people get sick of that and they don't want it because all of the underlying stuff has not been looked at or healed and no true intimacy is happening. And so I think most people from complex trauma have some form of struggle with sex to some degree. Some greater than others, but all to some degree. And it doesn't help that our culture feeds us all kinds of lies around it and and movies kind of set the stage all wrong about it. But to me, it's it's one of those areas sadly that doesn't get enough attention and helping people in their recovery. Um, and so they continue to follow the old patterns around sex and wonder why they struggle so much because it hasn't been they haven't had it explained to them how it connects to their trauma. >> Absolutely. And this is exactly why I wanted to ask you about it because I feel like it's not getting any coverage especially from this psychological complex trauma perspective. Um, and I think it's needed because as you said, so many people have issues with it in one way or another. And you know, regarding what you said about um people who have experienced sexual abuse or some trauma like that around sex, what is the healing path for them? What how how can they heal and reconnect to a healthy sexuality? Before I answer that, Francesca, if I could just add one other element of trauma, please >> and I think it would be kind of religious or cultural trauma around sex. So many shame based cultures and many religions, sex is almost seen as bad. They're patriarchal. Sex is for men. Women have to be pure, chased, and dressed a certain way. And if men feel tempted, it's the woman's fault. And um men never have to be responsible for their sex drive. And so it's created very unsafe cultures. But it's shamed women that they're they should be ashamed of their body. They should not be proud of their body. That and then the other fear is you're supposed to love God more than anything. Sex is so pleasurable that if you enjoy sex too much, oh that's a bad pleasure. And so all of a sudden sex is almost you can't enjoy it. It's bad. And so there's been all this messaging around feeling guilty for having sexual drives, feeling guilty for sexual needs um for your body, for all of those different things. So I think there's a cultural religious element that plays massively into this that has not been looked at and absolutely women women bear the brunt of that sadly. Um and so to me there's an a huge education piece that really deconstructs the indoctrination of the culture and of the religion that begins to go, hey sex is beautiful to be enjoyed. It's a pleasure, but it is designed to happen. It's only truly truly meaningful. Like, it's pleasurable, but it's truly meaningful when there's true intimacy with a safe person. Then it's then it adds to the relationship. It's not the glue that holds it together. It's not the basis of attraction. It's but it becomes an important part of of expressing love and feelings to the other person. So it's a beautiful thing that's been abused sadly in thousands of different ways. So it's again a lengthy deconstruction of all that I've believed and learned to really going what is sex about? What's it designed to be? And I want to be able to enjoy it. I I don't want to be ashamed of my body. I want to be proud of all of that. Um, and so to me, to me it's just a gradual process for people. But what I want people to realize, especially women, so most I, this is might be an oversimplification, but in many cultures, men do what looks like loving acts in order to get women to give them sex, and women give sex in order to get love. And so you get this give love to get sex, give sex to get love type of imbalance. That's the only way they've known to establish a relationship. For them to go into a relationship and not lead with sex, not flirt, not offer sex, then they would panic because, well, they love me. Do they think I'm cold? Do they think I don't care about them, etc., etc. And so it's really then that's my own shame stuff. That's my own fear stuff guiding this relationship. I need to work on that or else I'm going to set this relationship off following the old script, the old pattern of I got to perform and give in order to be worthy of love. And that that's easier said than done, but it's so important to start there. >> What if the opposite happens? And I love I know a lot of women experience this if they've experienced some sort of sexual trauma and then they are in a loving relationship or you know, but then when their partner wants sex or to get intimate, they feel triggered. They don't want it and they end up like not having sex in the relationship. So what's the solution there? >> Yeah. And that sadly happens quite a bit. And what I tell couples is so say the wife that's had the sexual abuse. And so I say to the husband, you may have to just accept you're not going to get as much sex as you want for a while. Um because you but your your wife needs to be in therapy working on herself, working on her trauma. And then you need to do stuff either with a sex therapist or a therapist together where you're beginning to learn how to handle the triggers, how to engage in foreplay in a way that's not triggering, how to have a sexual Um but you got to be in therapy to do that. that because there's a lot of stuff to unpack. The danger is for a woman five years later to still say to the husband, "I'm not giving you sex cuz I got my trauma." Well, you're setting the relationship up for affairs, for to fail. And so, it's really realizing it's not just on them to withhold and to kind of keep their desires in check. while I deal on my stuff, but I got to deal with my stuff. And that's painful. And then I've got to enter into those waters again, but with a person now that's respected me, that's been safe to me. And I got to relearn sex. I got to relearn all of those cues of touch and all of that what it means because I was mistrained and I got to be able to kind of reprogram all of that and that's going to take time and I got to be able to have honest discussions in sex after sex with my partner about trying stuff pleases what doesn't triggers what doesn't and learn together how to develop a meaningful healthy sexual relationship. >> Such an important topic and I'm really glad we touched on it. Can you also tell me if someone's trying to let go of a relationship, how would you tell them they go about that? >> I think there's two levels to it. So the first would be um [snorts] so a child that doesn't connect um what often happens to them is once they feel connected to something so it could be a thing, it could be an activity or or person, they so love that feeling of connection that it's hard to let go of it. So that's where you get a hoarder. That's where you get somebody that just can't move on after somebody dies because they're trying to hang on to that connection that gave them life for a little while. And so it's it's beginning to realize, okay, I've got attachment issues, number one, but number two, attachment feelings are in the limbic brain. So, I'm trying to hang on to a limbic brain feeling even when all the facts say that the relationship's over. I'm still trying to hang on to it in my fantasy, in my memories, and it's keeping me actually stuck. It's not healthy because there's no true connection there. It's living in a a fake world that is in my fantasy, hanging on to a feeling. So, what I want people to re do is you're still going to have the limbic brain longings, the limbic brain, I'm in love, I miss them so much feelings, but you got to get to your cortex and go, but I still got to move on. And I got to choose to move on. I'm not going to feed my limbic brain. I'm not going to sit there and pine away all day about them and how much I miss them and all the good old times. I'm going to No, I'm going on with my life. And as they do that and say because the facts say the relationship's done and I need to go and connect to somebody else. As they do that, those feelings will begin to die down. They will begin to um be less and less. So that's part one is in moving on is you really have to manage your limbic brain and just acknowledge you're going to go through feelings, you're going to miss them. That's what grief is. That's what loss is all about. And that can take two or three years before that limbic brain settles down. But I have to in my actions move to reconnect and not just feed into trying to maintain those feelings which then becomes an unhealthy fantasy world. So then the second thing to me is I have to learn healthy connection to save people. Um because as long as I'm trying to hang on to something in the past, I'm never going to be able to be in the present. I'm still dissociating. I'm still refusing to be present in the present. And that's the issue. I got to be present in the present. And I got to learn connection in the present. And so it's once you can learn to connect to a healthy person, it's amazing how quickly I don't need that old tool anymore because I've got the real deal now. >> Absolutely. And I love coming from that complex trauma psychological approach rather than just oh go to the gym [laughter] which is like can be helpful but you know like just understanding the deeper mechanisms. And you mentioned, you know, uh, unhealthy fantasy. I wanted to ask you, is it the same thing as maladaptive daydreaming or what is that? >> Yeah. So, it's so important for people to understand that there is a very healthy part of a child that is daydreaming, that's using my imagination, that's visualizing all of this stuff. that that's just a healthy part of development of life and of of coping that we love that that's why we write stories and read stories and all of that. What? So to expand on that, part of what a child needs in life and every person needs in life is I can go into my day and face the stresses of the day, the responsibilities of the day. But I need a time at the end of the day where I now take care of my needs. I now escape the pressures for a little while. not to totally escape, but just to take a break from the pressures because I'm going to come back tomorrow and face them all over again. So, I'm still present to my life and to the reality, but I'm taking a temporary escape from it in a healthy way to a healthy activity to give my body a rest, to give my nervous system a break. And so, that becomes the healthy balance between work, rest. I got to take care of me and I got to engage in responsibility. What happens with unhealthy escapes is I want to live in my escape. I want to stay in my escape. I don't want to be in the present cuz to that person I can't resolve the present. I can't fix the problems of the present. So why even want to be there? I want to be anywhere but the present. Whereas in the first cases, as I'm working on these responsibilities and problems, I'm fixing each one as I go. It's still a burden and a stress, but I'm resolving each one. But I still need self-care to take care of me. So the person that can't resolve it gets drawn to a fantasy life that becomes an unhealthy escape because now I don't have to deal with the present >> and I never want to deal with the present. I want to avoid avoid avoid. So pretty soon what can happen with some of them as soon as any responsibility comes along their brain immediately switches to how to avoid it. And it often goes into a fantasy world or a daydreaming world. Um because they just can't face reality anymore because it's always a problem. >> And for some people it's not daydreaming, it's nightd dreaming. Um I think so many people create fake scenarios before bed. Um it's a really hot topic on the internet, on Tik Tok especially. Is that is that good? Is that bad? Is it unhealthy? Healthy. >> Again, from a complex trauma perspective, what to me, it's important for people to understand the brain is totally committed to keep you safe and to try to resolve your problems. That's its priority because it's can only keep you safe if it resolves the problems. So what happens when a child is in a situation where mom and dad are the problem and they can't change mom and dad is they can't resolve the problems in the family, they can't resolve the pain in their own heart because mom and dad aren't willing to change. So that then leads to obsessive thinking because the brain keeps thinking there's got to be a solution here. If I just think about this long enough then I can come up with a solution. So the brain is always going option A, option B, option C, option D constantly. It can't relax because the problem's not resolved. And that's why for some people their escape into their head is not just obsessive thinking, but if I'm thinking then I don't have to feel. If I'm solving a problem, I don't have to feel these emotions. So I'd rather think than feel. So, I'm going to be a walking brain and not have to deal with these emotions anymore. So, they pride themselves on being this analytical, cool as a cucumber thinker that's very analytical, that's a great problem solver that's got ice in their veins because they've just learned to live in their brain. >> So, they've taken a lot of really good things there and gone over the top with it. So they've taken creativity, imagination, problem solving, thinking, analyzing, and now they overanalyze, they hyperanalyze. And so they've taken good necessary skills and their survival necessity makes them now overdo all of those things. So what happens though for many people is [snorts] during the day they can shut their brain off by getting busy at work. So as long as they got I got all these tasks to do. I got to go. You can turn your brain off soon as and then they can go home and watch TV and keep their brain offline basically because they got enough distractions. As soon as they go to bed and their brain starts relaxing, guess what happens? Now I got a thousand problems to solve. And that's the brain's natural thing is you've not let me think all day. You've kept me offline all day. So now that you've shut down for the night, now I'm going to come online and I'm going to think think. And so that for many people becomes a huge issue that prevents healthy sleeping. It then gets them not just thinking about the problem, but then they go to worst case scenario. Well, this could happen that. And then fear takes over and all of a sudden now they can't sleep even more because now they got their pulse is racing and they're expecting the worst to happen and then they listen to the news before they go to bed and they hear what's happening in the world and that feeds into all of that. And so the brain needs healthy stimulation but healthy boundaries. And if you don't give that to it, but you try to accomplish that through constant busyiness and distractions, it will make it up usually in the evening and then you got a problem. >> Really interesting. I think a lot of people will will rel relate and resonate with that. My next question is what is the foundation of healing complex trauma? So what I want people to realize is it's a biocschosocial spiritual. So if it's if you look at a child even when they're in the womb. So if you look at your vagus nerve, it doesn't just pick up information through your five senses. It picks up information through what we call neurosception. So it senses through your gut, your intuition whether something's safe or not. So even in the womb, a child, an infant can pick up its mom's emotional state, its mom's stress level, and it's already feeling safe or unsafe based on what it's picking up in the womb. So what that means is that much complex trauma happens preverbal before a child can even talk. Well, what's the normal healing part in process or in resolving trauma for a child once they're a bit older? They need to talk about it. They got to process it verbally and then get a hug and then get soothe and then get assurances and then get their needs met. But if it's preverbal, what then does the brain do to it? It can't resolve it. So it stores it in the body and your nervous system is changed so that it can't relax and so it affects your immune system. And so for many people a key part in healing is they have to do somatic work. They have to get in touch with their body, help their body release the trauma that was stored there. So that's part one. Then you shut down your emotions because you couldn't resolve your emotions. So you've disconnected from your body, but it stored trauma in your body. You've disconnected from your emotions and so you're out of touch with that. So now you have to venture into getting in touch with your emotions again and all the pain that is there. But what do what does a child So this is the key thing. It used to be that you just get need to take people back to their trauma so they feel it. No, that in many cases just retraumatizes them. >> That's only one part of the healing equation. You only have value in going back to your trauma if you go back connected to a safe person who can co-regulate you, who can help you process it, who can help you see it through adult eyes, not just the child's eyes. who can help you find soothing and comfort and all the things that you need at that time and the tools that you weren't taught as to how to deal with that then you can resolve it today. But if you just go back to your pain without those things, you just retraumatize the person. And so it's again, you need connection. So you need information, you need connection, you need somebody that can help co-regulate you and reprocess with you and teach you the tools to resolve that stuff. Then you can begin to heal. So what is so important for people is much of our healing thinking is based on the medical healing model. So, if you have a a broken thumb or you have an infection from a cut, you go into a doctor, you got a physical problem, they diagnose it, they prescribe a cast, a medication, antibiotics, whatever, and basically 6 to 12 weeks, you'll be better. And you've got a straight line up that leads to you're fixed. So people come into trauma thinking that that same model applies and it doesn't. So the complex healing model is you first have to have safety. You got to create safety for yourself and that usually means by connecting with a safe person, a therapist, somebody that can really become that co-regulator with you. Then you begin to process the memories together and resolve them. Well, what you can realize as soon as you start to process the memory, you don't feel safe anymore. So [laughter] you can regress. And so all of a sudden your little neat little thing started to go up, then it just dropped. Then you reconnect, use the new tools, and then you start going up again. Then you get triggered again, then you go back down. And so your line is now going like this back and forth. And then you now move out out of kind of 100% full-time therapy into I got to get back into a job and relationships, etc. And you move out into well, they trigger you left and right. You don't feel safe and then you regress. And so now your line is going back and forth and up and down. And so what you're looking at in a realistic trauma recovery is kind of two years. The first six months are the most intense. You're going to be working on stuff for the rest of your life, but the first two years are kind of the major stuff. But it is a slow, messy, up and down, back and forth process that is so important for people to understand. And you can't do it alone. got to do it through connection with some safe people that all those things that I mentioned so that you're healing physically, emotionally, relationally, intellectually, your immune system, all of those things which are affected by trauma. >> Amazing. Thank you for laying the foundation. That makes a lot of sense. And just like my last question for this podcast, what are some signs that someone is healing from trauma? Yeah, I think some of the key ones to me are that without even realizing it, you begin to realize that you feel better about yourself. So, your shame is healing. So, your inner critic isn't as loud as it used to be. Um, you're not as hard on yourself if you don't get it perfect the first time kind of stuff. You don't have all those little voices of doubt and fear that are constantly were overpowering in the past. They seem to have abaded quite a bit. And secondly, you're just experiencing kind of a more of a joy overall. You still have lots of hard days and really painful times of dealing stuff, but you just have more of a peace overall that was not there before. So that that's a huge one. Then secondly, in the past, if your shame was triggered, you wouldn't even realize it. And you would spiral downward for like two weeks into this very deep shame spiral where you hate life, hate yourself, life is hopeless, um really hard on yourself. But now what you begin to realize is, okay, my shame got triggered, but it's not happening as often as these these days. And when it does happen, I catch it because I know it's going on and I can work through it within an hour or a day or 15 minutes, but it doesn't go on for a whole week and it doesn't go as deep. So, I'm starting to realize I'm still getting triggered. Yes. But not as frequent, not as intense, doesn't last as long. Okay. So, I'm growing. I I'm I'm able to now stop some of the old patterns, catch them, use new tools, and get out of it much quicker. And then I think for most people is they just realize they have an ability to be present now to themsel, to others, to what's happening. They don't need constant distractions. They don't need constant busyness. There's just an ability to be connected and present to other people in a way that they weren't before. And usually with that, there's an ability to feel and be okay with their emotions in a way that they weren't before. And they can now actually even sit in uncomfortable ones without this panic that they have to escape somehow. Um because they know they're going to resolve it. they're it's not going to kill them and it's not the end of the world. This is life and this is part of life. So there's just to me those are some key subtle growth things and just I think the other piece is they just begin to notice that their relationships there's a depth and a meaningfulness to them that they didn't have in the past. I love those and it's good to know, you know, for people to recognize these signs of progress in themselves. >> Tim, thank you so much for all the value that you provided today and the time you took. It was an amazing and insightful podcast and I'm sure our listeners will feel the same way. Thank you again so much for being here today.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChiJennings [264 likes]: It’s been six months, and I still can’t let go. I hold onto this tiny hope maybe not now, but in the future, once time has passed. I just can’t imagine being with anyone else. Not a single day has gone by in these six months that I haven’t thought about him. It still consumes me, even though time has moved on.
  2. @TimFletcher [219 likes]: Thank you for having me on, Francesca!
  3. @NattyByNature- [1 likes]: Wish everyone wanted help, the world would be a better place. But we are not even self aware to know that a lot of things we do are not normal. It’s due to being bruised or damaged as kids. I can’t access therapy now but these videos and books help me a lot. I pray I can become healthy to be able to attract and maintain a healthy relationship because I want to be loved by someone else but God. I want more healthy friendships but even my friends are wounded.
  4. @simonzhang3D: these were really really good questions
  5. @ThelmaDelreal: I keep replaying our last fight in my head. It’s been months, and I still can’t let go. I miss what we had, not the fights or pain.
  6. @sarahtesfaiAG: Does a healthy family dynamic exist in reality? Where all children are getting their needs met, parents love and respect each other, these "roles" don't emerge? Or are these kinds of roles inevitable? *asking as a new mother :')
  7. @meat4078: Oh, this is also a mirroring?  That they change places?
  8. @Wulfila-411: Wow! Thank you!
  9. @willmack3308: 1:29:11 so basically they've become a Vulcan 🖖
  10. @AnehoawBlessUrHawrt: 0:01   0:10   0:16
0:20   0:24   0:29
0:32   0:41   0:50   
0:53   0:57   1:05   1:10   1:18
1:23
1:30
2:09
2:28   2:44
3:07   3:17   3:22   3:30   3:43

3:47   3:57   4:10   
4:17   4:27
4:30   4:40   4:53
4:57   
5:07   5:27   5:41
5:48   5:53
5:57   6:03   6:21   6:26   
6:35   6:47   
6:51   



11:55
12:22
12:40   12:53
12:59
13:09   13:24
13:33
13:47
14:46   14:56   
14:59   15:10
15:13   15:25
17:00   
17:19   
17:35   17:41   17:50
17:55
18:11   18:20   18:23
18:37   18:58   
19:03   19:52   20:04   20:10   20:23
20:37   20:46   21:11   21:25
21:35   21:57
22:08   22:16   22:36
22:42   22:46   23:02   23:10   23:18
23:30   23:49   23:58   24:11   
24:48   24:54   25:07   
25:26   25:36   25:44   
25:51
26:17   26:58   27:04   27:19   
27:45   28:04   28:15   28:22   
28:29   28:44   28:54   29:14
29:22   29:31   29:38   29:42   
30:22   30:33   30:45   31:03   
31:24   31:30   
31:44   
31:59   32:05   32:19   
32:32   
32:38   33:01   33:09   33:19   33:25
33:27   33:34   33:38   
33:41   33:50   
34:03
34:17   
34:29   34:35   34:42   
34:56   35:07   35:16   35:20   
35:26   35:33   35:37   
35:44   35:52   35:59   36:05   
36:09
36:20
36:35   36:44   
36:51
37:05
37:15   
37:28   37:38   
37:48   37:54
38:01   38:12
38:27   38:39
38:43   38:51   
39:02   39:21
39:24   39:35   
39:42   
39:46   40:01   40:09
40:20   40:26   40:42   
40:52   41:22   
41:28   41:35   
41:45   42:04
42:14   42:20   
42:23   42:31   42:41
42:46   42:56   
43:05   43:11
43:17   43:24   43:31   43:37   
43:47
43:54
44:42   
44:52
45:51
  11. @fie4426: [Insert input here, preferably vulnerabilities]
  12. @MonicaG13: Thank you, this was a really informational podcast, I appreciate both of you.
  13. @elizabethash4720: The world is full of these adult children. What can be done about the resultant effects on society and about these adults?
  14. @amystratton4144: That’s a terrible pneumonic. You’re leading people to believe that neglect is less damaging than abuse. Little t trauma is smaller traumas, not “what didn’t happen”. Being abandoned by a parent at 11 years old certainly wasn’t a little t trauma to me. This poor education is going to mess people up.
  15. @InspectorZog: In current subject, replace "mom and dad" by "the state" and "the sons and daughters" by "citizens" and you get a wide scale explanation of today's social trauma. First of all, the state isn't mon nor dad and should behave itself. That being said, cool stuff, I sub.
  16. @emmanuel_disla: Well, shit 🤭🥲
  17. @KathleenNucciol0v3: Where does a person find these safe people to be around? Where are these saved people? How do we know who’s safe?
  18. @shannonlea3724: In my opinion there is no good therapy in my area to help with trauma. It’s very disheartening. On top of the trauma itself.
  19. @eh3492: What do you do if you don’t have access to safe people? I don’t know if I’ve ever known someone who is actually  safe—including therapists.
  20. @chriscampbell8948: So interesting that a 12 step program founded in 1935 realized that sex problems were so common & important in our recovery it’s 1 of 3 inventories needed to recover from alcoholism🔥❤️🔥

- Relocation-the woes, the grows and glows | Lisl Foss | TEDxALC: Kind: captions Language: en Have any of you cried yourselves to sleep after moving to a new place? No? Well, you would be in good company here today. Because my big question is why is it so disruptive to close off things in one place and start a new life in another? Even if this change was something we desired and actively pursued. Searching for the answer to this question led me to my experience of relocating to Mauritius almost a year ago. I had left behind a 30-year life of family, friends, and a busy career to start a job in a country I had never even visited before. Eight months into my new life the honeymoon phase was over. What had initially been an exciting challenge had just turned into routine. And the novelty of my surroundings was no longer sustaining me. I was feeling tired, depressed, demotivated, and mostly confused about what was happening to me because I had wanted this move. I realized that if this change was having such a big impact on me it was likely that there might be others who could relate to what I was going through and who might currently even be experiencing some of these adjustment challenges. In doing the research for my presentation, I was surprised to find that there are in fact predictable patterns to the woes, grows, and glows of relocation. And that it's likely that most of us will go through them when we move to a new place. So, today I will be taking a look at what we may expect when we move to a new place and also consider some ways in which we might deal with the impact of this on our lives. Why is relocation to a new place so stressful? One of the reasons is that at core we are creatures of habit and we like the safe and the known. Moving strips us of the familiar trappings of our life. We may become completely disorientated and sometimes feel completely overwhelmed by the sheer newness of everything. As we try to adjust, we may long for the predictability and the sense of control that we left behind. And we may even start doubting the wisdom of our decision to relocate. First night I spent in Mauritius was possibly the worst of my life. I hardly slept, waking every couple of hours with a feeling of utter dread in my stomach. What on earth had I done? Giving up a successful and a happy life to settle on an island in the middle of nowhere where I knew no one. But when we are feeling stretched, alone, and scared in a new place, it's just about impossible to connect with that craving for adventure and independence that brought us here in the first place. These early days of relocation can also be a time of loneliness and fear. We are worried that we won't be able to cope with our work. We worry about making new friends and that the life we left behind won't be the same when we return. That family and friends will have forgotten about us. And there's also sometimes the pressure to give something back to those at home because of the opportunity granted us, because we were the chosen ones above others. The first time I went back home, I didn't know what to expect. How would I feel when I met up with my old friends? Would we still have something left to say to one another? Would they want to hear about my new life? Would I still even care about theirs? During these early days, a sense of isolation and emotional numbness may permeate our days leaving us feeling confused and disconnected. The only solace may well be contact with family and friends from our old lives giving us the strength to carry on. When I arrived in Mauritius, my colleagues and I were accommodated in Elysée Residence. And in those days the Wi-Fi there was very unreliable. But I happened to discover that the bathrooms in the sky room for some reason had the very best Wi-Fi in the building. during my first month in Mauritius, I spent many hours sitting on a closed toilet talking with the people back home, with them wondering why on earth my voice had such a strange echoy ring to it. Leaving home may sometimes bring up memories of unresolved losses from the past. This can make adjusting to the new place even harder. It can feel like there's a kind of noise in our heads which makes meeting obligations and commitments in our new context seem surprisingly diff- difficult, sometimes even insurmountable. We may feel vulnerable and helpless as if hit by a self-imposed earthquake wondering what is happening to us. And we may fear that we will never get our happy, confident selves back again. All these unsettling experiences can be thought of as anxiety stress, a common outcome of relocation. It is an overwhelmed, uneasy, apprehensive, and worrisome state of mind which makes us feel inadequate and unable to cope. It's interesting to note that monkeys who were subjected to the stress of relocation in a research study suffered just as we do exhibiting increases in neurotic behavior, elevated levels of cortisol, which is the stress hormone, and sleep disturbances. So, it is not a figment of our imagination that moving is demanding and exhausting. And it will probably not work to simply pull ourselves together and get over it. Fortunately, there is light at the end of the tunnel. And if we embrace or at most survive the challenges of relocation it can launch us onto an exciting path of expansion. There are ways in which moving to a new place can strengthen us, increase our resilience, and make us more resourceful than ever before. The grows of relocation. One such positive outcome is that in order to deal with the anxiety and helplessness of being out of our comfort zone, we become more flexible. We develop new skills and resort to different approaches even though these novel behaviors might be uncomfortable or scary at first. The level of discomfort associated with my own growth process took me completely by surprise. Before moving to Mauritius, I had longed for a new challenge that would force me to know myself better and develop new skills. I couldn't believe my luck when I was actually offered my current job. To grow seemed such a noble and amazing thing to be able to do. But I never dreamt it would be so difficult and in such unexpected ways. The lessons I have learned have terrified me, challenged me, and almost defeated me. But ultimately, they pushed me to grow and I feel different on the inside now. As with all major transitions, moving also provides a powerful opportunity to heal parts of ourselves that don't emerge unless we are in the midst of significant change. In my own case, living alone away from my family initially made me quite anxious. I hated that feeling that I could fall over and die in my apartment and no one would even know. Eventually, out of desperation, I trained myself to look in the mirror and say, "But you are not alone. Look, there you are. There is somebody here with you. No, I'm learning to enjoy my own company and sometimes even relish the peace and quiet of my apartment rather than feeling afraid of the isolation or wondering where all the other people are having fun without me. Relocation offers further occasion for growth by teaching us to be more independent emotionally, physically, and financially. It increases our resilience and as we find ways to thrive in the new place, we feel more confident of our ability to cope. We understand what is important to us and what we need to make our lives work. The emotional decluttering that happens when we no longer define ourselves in terms of our previous lives creates internal space which allows for new qualities to emerge. We are already rebuilding ourselves as part of the adjustment process. So it becomes easier to update our ways of learning and working to be more efficient or relevant. My previous position was in a traditional 100-year-old university and I often felt pressure to limit myself to conform to the status quo. But upon starting my new job, I was experiencing change on so many levels that it seemed a relatively simple thing to also adjust the way I work. This has been a liberating and exciting process and I have grown professionally as a result. So there definitely are ways in which moving can help us to become stronger. And the evidence suggests that after we have grown and stretched and adjusted to our changed circumstances we can expect some happy times and start experiencing what I call the glows of relocation. One of these is in the area of relationships. Strangers who start a life together in a different place often form lifelong friendships because of their shared vulnerability, especially if the going is tough. Being a newcomer in a community also offers the potential for new friendships and new professional connections. We also learn to reach out more. Away from our usual support networks, we are more likely to ask for help and become more open-minded about accepting invitations from new friends. All of which makes our lives richer and fuller. Furthermore our increased need for support during relocation may lead to a deepening of existing I can honestly say that I would not have survived the first 6 months in Mauritius without long and emotional WhatsApp conversations with family and friends in other parts of the world. They provided a space where I no longer had to hold it all together where I gave myself permission to feel and to be comforted. When a friend from my past life understood what I was going through it cemented the bonds between us. And these relationships are now an even greater source of pleasure in my life. Sometimes the boldness of my move to Mauritius has inspired others back home to make changes in their own lives. Being a role model in this way makes all the discomfort and stress seem worthwhile and it really helps me to trust myself and my decisions going forward. A further glow of the relocation process relates to the way it forces us to experience life moment by moment. Moving is such an all-consuming phenomenon that it leaves little energy or time for anything but the next job that needs to be done. The big questions about where our lives will go after this phase, whether we will succeed or fail, remain unanswered. I am myself currently learning to move away from my personal unknowns like when will my husband join me in Mauritius? What will happen if he doesn't? What will happen if he does? What will happen to me in my old age? How will I stay financially secure? Will I ever settle properly in Mauritius? And what on earth would I do if I went back home? Instead I am learning to remain in the present experiencing the richness of staying focused on what is in front of me and trusting that all will be well. And finally, another wonderful outcome of relocation is the fresh start that it gives us. To be surrounded by new things and different people is interesting and stimulating. The internal energy generated provides momentum for personal change and we have the opportunity to rebuild our lives according to our own needs and goals away from the expectations and constraints of our previous lives. Talking about constraints from previous lives I love swimming and I've often dreamt about being one of those old ladies who go swimming every morning regardless of the weather. But I also happen to hate cold water which was always a big problem back home. Fortunately, here in Mauritius, the wonderful temperature of the sea makes it possible for me to be that crazy lady. And my daily swims have become a new source of joy in my life. So this story will hopefully have a happy ending. Nevertheless the stress associated with moving can do damage to our health and well-being. Relocation is commonly rated as life's third most taxing event following death and divorce. So I would like to end by sharing with you some best practices towards consciously managing the process so that the discomfort of relocation can also bring you equivalent levels of growth and healing. Number one. Remember every day how courageous you are. Cultivate a sense of adventure and explore your new surroundings. Take the risk of getting involved. But also have a safe place to retreat to when you've had enough. Secondly be gentle with yourself and don't be afraid of strong emotions. They are quite normal and will change as you settle. Be patient and accept help and maintain those important relationships back home. Never compare your current life with things back home. Rather focus on the present. Find small things to be grateful for and set a time every day to do something you love or spending time in a beautiful place. Cultivate a kind and positive attitude towards everyone around you, but don't compromise to fit in. Being yourself will more quickly attract like-minded people to you and you will make friends more easily. And finally gently and fully grieve the loss of the life you once lived. Unless we let ourselves feel the sadness of things left behind and let them go, it can be difficult to adapt to the new environment. This takes time and it must happen at our own pace. It is not a race. Ladies and gentlemen, relocation is disruptive for all the reasons discussed here But it is disruptive also in the very best sense of the word. The sad, lonely, and distressed phase usually paves the way for better things to come. In short relocation can feel like one of the worst times of our lives but it may also launch us to the very best. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tubz010 [1 likes]: I never cried when I moved, I find that quite profound, it's been five years now, and never cried over my past, this isn't a brag, just an insight
  2. @LifeWitVcToreey [1 likes]: I moved to Nigeria for school and am experiencing the same 😢❤
  3. @tacocatking7887 [1 likes]: She took it way better than I did. Took her 8 months to lose the appeal, took me about 3 hours
  4. @DLind-li8hc [1 likes]: Anyone going through a tough relocation should spend time (an hour) working out. Preferably running. It helps take your mind off the situation and dramatically lowers cortisol. This will also help with sleep which in turn improves cortisol. Being disciplined with this also provides routine which is crucial when everything else feels so new
  5. @justjules9940: i got a career opportunity abroad and i accepted it, this is the first time in my life i will be relocating and living alone. im scared, excited and sad all at the same time but i know this a great career move for me and can lead me to a better financial stability. everyone around me is so supportive but i just cant help but feel anxious of going to a new place alone
  6. @snowjae9380: Feeling sad about a move. Thank you for sharing. Really sad to let go of my space and felt that I didn’t use it to the full potential. I wish I used the backyard more often. Next time I’ll try to not have regrets like this. So I’ll become stronger from this.
  7. @danielsackett-v1q: I'm so glad I didn't move 😂 it's way more hilarious
  8. @samwise1990: I've got this but backwards - returned home after 7 years abroad and wish I could be back where I created the life I loved.
  9. @michaelvillanueva240: After moving 2,000 miles away to another big city being away from friends I was battling depression for 1 year
  10. @Allenzo04: Get a pet. My cat made my move to a new city feel seamless. He was home :)
  11. @HeyGurlHey94: I will be moving in a couple months leaving my friends and family behind. Thankfully my in laws live where we are moving too but the whole thing is still so scary to me leaving my home town. Reading all this comments is making me feel better and less alone ❤️
  12. @B-RaDD: Algo
  13. @Busayo_AD: I've moved countries several times and moving to a new country can be scary and hard. Things feel different, and it’s normal to worry about the future. But one important thing is to live in the now. You can’t change the past, and you can’t control everything in the future; but you can enjoy today, this moment. Take it day by day, notice the little things, and just be here. Life is happening right now! 🌟
  14. @clivegreen7142: Thank you
  15. @laura-s3v: I moved overseas a few years ago and still regret it. I wish I could go back and warn myself. No, it's not going to be fun, the racism is just going to tear you down more than that old toxic job.
  16. @midwest2mexico: I plan to relocate to another country to be with my husband. I have two small kids and one on the way. It's absolutely terrifying. My family is extremely close nit and leaving them is panic inducing. I don't know how to do it. Any advice is seriously welcome.
  17. @Hellofrens3253: Im thinking of taking a job across the country that pays well but im scared to be away from my family
  18. @Bombieuser: 7:12 😢
  19. @Bombieuser: I got attached to random co worker damn cruse you brain just because you are lonely dontget attached to anyone 😢, old  friend did left me .🙂 but I m trying to love myself  alone
  20. @CharlesUnderwood-b2b: I never move anyplace without drugs involved except for the times I didn't move with my stuff

- the ultimate moving out CHECKLIST 📦: girl talk, budgeting & planning 💸🏡: Kind: captions Language: en If I was getting ready to move out tomorrow, here are a couple of checklist items that I would be doing to make sure that I was set up for peace, stability, and main character energy. So, let's get right into the [Music] video. Number one is to get your finances prepped. This is at the end of the day the main thing to focus on because what you're not thinking about when you're looking at people maybe online kind of look looking at their moveout vlogs or looking at kind of how nice their life looks and that's great but there is a cost that comes to it and what is important is budgeting and having at least 3 to 6 months of your savings of like rent money. Say, for example, if things hit the fan and you really needed to dip into a savings account so that your rent was paid at least for the next 3 months to help you get through trying to figure out what the next step looked like, at the very least, you need to have that because what I've also learned too is that if you're whether you're moving into an apartment or a condo or whatever, maybe a house, not so much a house, but more the apartment condo lifestyle, you have to be making three times whatever the rent would be. Say, for example, your apartment is $1,000. They're going to check if you can like pay up to 3 months through the job that you have, whether you're self-employed or you're under an employer or whatever the case is. If it's $1,000 to live there, you need to be making at least 3,000 extra cuz they're going to check that when they look through your credit score to make sure that you are able to sustain yourself at the end of the day. The income check, which is making sure that you have three times the rent, is I think the most important part because you can always like make more income. But if you don't have a savings already, it's going to be harder for you to think if an unexpected thing were to happen and I needed my paycheck for something else, can I dip into another savings account that's going to allow me to do both of the things that I need? A, live and b take care of whatever emergency popped up. So focus on making sure that you have not only the income, but that you also have kind of just the budgeting in set. This is a great time that if you don't have that set up yet, a good idea is to find what side hustle is the most low capacity or is the easiest skill for you to make some extra funds. So because I have a background in photography and videography, what that would look like for me is I would look to see what weddings need secondary shooters. Like if you need someone to help you get a second angle at a wedding, I'm going to be like, "Hey, here are my services. Here's my portfolio. If you need someone, let me know." That's usually maybe $300 to about $900 in a range depending on who you're working for, how long the wedding is, etc. And that's just a couple extra hundreds in my pocket or in this instance in my savings account for a rainy day. So, you want to make sure that you keep yourself super accountable and having that extra side hustle money because you just never know when you're going to need it. But, it's always good to have savings in your back pocket, literally. There are four things that you need before applying. Credit score, debt check, rental history, or a co-signer, and documents. Historically, and kind of through my research, what I've seen is that your credit score needs to be at least a 600 or higher to apply to get an apartment or a condo. You can probably still apply if your credit score is lower, but I just know, not really from experience, but just from research, is that it is a little bit more challenging because they want to see that you're good on making payments, you you're going to be someone who is financially responsible. So, that's primarily the reason for the credit score, your debt check. So, in other words, kind of like your net worth. Like, if you have a bunch of student loans that you need to pay back, some places, I don't think do this as often. I'm not that knowledgeable in it, so don't take my word for truth. to do your own research. But in what I have researched, I know that like if I'm paying off some student loans, I need to make sure that okay, while I also have this rent, am I still going to be able to contribute towards the student loans that I need to pay off? Is it going to be harder for me financially to do that? Should I look for somewhere different that's going to allow me to do so? Focus on kind of seeing where you're at, how much debt you're in, and knowing how to tackle through that financially. So, if it's this is your first time renting, rental history is probably not going to be for you. But if you, this is like your second place that you're moving into or maybe your fifth. This is just where people are going to look at how have their payments been, how like reliable are they as a tenant. Like what does that look like and is that going to be hard for the landlord? Cuz sometimes that's the difference between you getting approved and not getting approved. So just make sure that you're a good neighbor at the end of the day. If you're under the age, you'll probably need a co-signer. So that'll look like a parent or a guardian that can help you get the apartment, but then it's going to be your responsibility to kind of keep that up financially and all the things. So the documents that you'll need typically are your ID, like a driver's license, typically payubs, they definitely are going to need to see you can afford wherever you're trying to live. If you don't have that, it's going to be much harder to get the place that you're looking for. So just make sure you have those on hand in an email or like saved up in a folder somewhere on hand. Number three, my favorite part, the dream home starter pack. So, this is where we are probably all at before we get to steps one and two. Like I talked about, we're starting with like putting things in our Amazon carts, creating wish list, bookmarking YouTube videos so we can come back to it. While we think that might be step number one, this is really step number three. So, the dream home starter pack is when you were doing like your furniture finds and you're like loving the TVs you find, the carpets, the rugs, the mugs, all the things. However, there is a cost. This is probably the thing I underestimated the most is that I was like, "Oh, I'm good. I can get an apartment. I can get an apartment." But that's about as much as I could get. I didn't even think about the couch. I didn't think about the coffee table. I didn't think about the bar stools, my mugs. What am I going to drink out of? Air, you know? So, it's a reality check for sure. But if you can get ahead of it, and if you're thinking about moving out or you have a little bit of time, time is going to be your best friend in this. your furniture fund is probably the biggest focus on this find is because if you don't have say $2,000 saved up for furniture, that's kind of on the low end cuz a couch itself, depending on what your vibe and style is, it's going to run you about $900 to $1,100 with taxes and fees and wherever you're buying from. If you just get that away from the couch alone, you only have $900 left to work with. And that's including your coffee table, the bar stools, like I said, any little decor items you want for your bathroom, bedroom, kitchen, like, so as much as you can save up for your rent, also chip away and put maybe $200 away where you can that can contribute just towards furniture finds. It's even better if you already know the thing that you want. That way, you have a concrete price and you can just apply once you're like, "Okay, I've already saved up what I need for my couch. Now I'm going to focus on my kitchen wear. Great. Next bathroom, great. Next bedroom. Great. Next. And then by the time you move in, you kind of have everything that you need or at least the funds to purchase them. Utilities, internet, and groceries. This is something that I am just It is. It's like the little sneaky things. It's like, you know, when you used to get those like $2.99 purchases from Apple and we all didn't even know what it was for, but we didn't care enough to do it cuz it was like three bucks. But now in this economy, $3 is a lot. So, your first month setup cost, having your like $200, $300 of whatever utilities will be having maybe $200 of groceries. Maybe yours is less. So, kind of do it based off of how much you eat, what you eat. I like to eat organic, so it's going to be in that 200 range, but that's just something that I have to budget for. And then your internet. Unfortunately, most places will not let you sign on whether you watch TV or not. They're going to tell you you can choose between this plan and this plan, but either way, you're getting a plan. So, while it's not preferred, it is something that you will have to factor into the budget. So, having your first month only is typically okay from what I've done the research on is like you want to make sure that if that's $200 and then the internet's $200 and then you just have like miscellaneous for groceries even though you may not spend all of it. $500 is a safe bet to have put away just for your utility cost. The wish list, we all have the Amazon wish list. Like I said, we all have them somewhere packed in our like lengths. Be realistic, but still keep it cozy. I either was going to get all the decor that I wanted or I was going to get the apartment that I wanted. And the apartment, my space mattered more cuz I could always find like dupes of whatever I would like. If I found a lamp I liked, I would find something similar to it that is 20, $30, $50, even cheaper, and get that one because that's just the vibe I wanted. I didn't have to have the name brand. Don't really care too much about that. if it was in my vibe and it was in my budget, that's what it was going to be. So, just get what you like, but also be financially smart because it's a new era in your life. So, you want to make sure that the patterns don't just start and stop with you getting the apartment, but also maintaining and keeping the apartment. And always ask for help. Like, I'm asking my parents. I'm I'm so grateful to God that I have parents that are helping me think through things that maybe I wouldn't because I'm just a girl. Like it would be great to just think about the cute cloud couches and the clear mugs, but I just I can't be realistic and live well just thinking about all the cutesy stuff that I want. So, if maybe you don't have parents that like talking about this, maybe money is a tough subject or you just don't know who to ask, I would highly recommend looking into a financial adviser. I think that it's helpful seeing where your money is. So even though they can't break out that plan with you maybe like, "Oh, I want this couch, I want that." They can look at what your money's looking like, where your resources are coming, where you can cut back and kind of go from there. After that, it's up to you to kind of look at where do I want to shift money or add money so that I can make my life easier in this next transitional phase of my life. And also keep in mind that you don't have to have all the furniture day one. like you might not have a couch for the first month. If no one's planning to come sleep over and you know you're fine with that because your bed is set up, just focus on that. It'll be okay. You'll get a couch the next month and it'll be just the same as if you had it the first month. Number four, kind of touched on it in number three, put the vibe check. Think about what kind of energy do I want this next phase of my life to start with. You know, it's going to be up and down and things will change and you'll have so many memories and experiences in this new space. But you have to think, what am I doing right now in my life that I don't like that I don't want to bring with me to my next area of peace. Cuz at the end of the day, when it becomes your place and you are paying this money to live here every single day, you don't want these people, whoever these people are in your life, loud family members, obnoxious friends, like that's your place of peace. And you have to be okay with setting boundaries. clear boundaries that allow you to show up best in your life, but also show up best in theirs, too. You know, you can't be the best version of yourself if you're always pouring from an empty cup. So, you have to be okay with setting a baby boundary at first. And so, maybe that looks like, all right, I'm not going to have any guests after 6:00 p.m. Like, it's just not what I want to do. You know, maybe you go to work 9 to5 and you only have an hour left to give and the rest of the evening needs to be for your reset. Create that boundary. set an alarm so that every time it goes off, you have an out. You may not be comfortable being like, "Okay, everyone get out." I am cuz that's my personality type. But sometimes I will set an alarm and be like, "Okay, like I have to just reenter and reset for myself and I'm not going to apologize for that." Last but not least, this is such a really cool part of the next chapter of your life. Maybe you're moving in with roommates, maybe you're moving in with a significant other, maybe you're moving in by yourself. Whatever the case is, it's exciting and you need to treat it like it is. Romanticize this next area of your life because it's only up from here. You know, adulting is going to keep adulting and it can be scary when you don't know what to do. But that's why you have an opportunity to be on YouTube and learning for free. Thank God. You know, being able to like truly just see how can I make all the best steps. They may not be all the right ones, but in this phase of your life, they're the best. And getting more information and more resources and having more knowledge will never steer you wrong. So, I'm excited for this next area of your life. I'm excited for this next era. Like, if you love more videos like this, please feel free to let me know in the comments. Comment this emoji below so that I know that you watched all the way through the full video. And let me know like what you're most excited about if you've moved out. You know, give some advice for people that are thinking about moving out. Like, what I said in this video might not be enough. Some people may be in different scenarios and situations and your advice might be the one thing that can help them through something that they've been thinking about. So, it's just it's exciting all around and I'm excited that you guys were able to just truly lock in and show it for yourself. So, thank you so much for tuning in to this video and I'll see you guys on the next episode of Party of One Podcast. Peace.

  Top Comments:
  1. @JosephJJoestar: This was excellent advice is keep pushing 💪🏾🙌🏾
  2. @redrahm: This is so helpfull pls do one for a house though cause this really did nothing for me..
  3. @indy123-s3m: Plastic cups, knifes & plates will do u justice until u can afford sum real ones p!
  4. @ceeelst: 🏠
  5. @im.mclassy113: 🏡, thankyou for the video it helped me learned a lot:)
  6. @miasantana6195: 🏠
  7. @sailorcookie: 🏠
  8. @jessicarodriguez910: This vid was straight to the point, thank you sm!!
  9. @GetRachelRay: 🏡
  10. @neildainty481: This videos been out about a year, so this comment is late. 

But something my fiancée did was set what felt like an impossibly low budget for me to work with when it game to furnishing our new home. Only after we exceeded the set budget for full house furnishings by about £700 did she actually tell me she was happy to spend double 🤣.

Honestly it worked out well, initially the cost for our bed, mattress and sofa came in at about £5,500 and the appliances came in at £2,100. 

We’ve actually managed to furnish the house for within those figures instead of just getting appliances a sofa and a bed. 

This isn’t a comment on our relationship in anyway, I handle most the finances etc. she just told me hey I want to do it for x amount. So in an effort to keep her happy I spent the last month of my life trawling the internet and furniture shops to make it happen without sacrificing on quality.
  11. @ayesuka: 🏠❤
  12. @cassandramelody7169: Okay love this but half the furniture fund being spent on a couch?? Girl Facebook market place and family members are the go to! Always get second hand for your first place, especially if you’re just renting anyway. It doesn’t need to be that glamorous lol
  13. @hername.nyah777: 🏠
  14. @balancingwithbrydgette: This was helpful my main thing is I’m so eager to move but have to realize you can’t live above your means or rush and be back at square one compete with bettering yourself and take your time
  15. @sakshichocohoneymoon: thank you big sis😭💌!! i really wanna leave my toxic parents and this is the sign!!
  16. @Sup_keke: I’d say in this economy, have like a years worth of rent savings lol. Just saying, you should have like 20k saved y’all at least
  17. @swirlywhirlyworld: 🏡i recommend the shikibuton (japanese futon 'floor' mattress), it can be FOLDED into SOFA during the day - dual purpose, great use of space! it requires to be aired out and in sunshine every so often, also the tatami mats it sits on helps it breathe. much better for your body to be sleeping on firmer surface, helps with back pain.
  18. @chinyeregodfreynwachukwu2009: 🏘
  19. @susanox3: I truly appreciate you for making this — it was so helpful 🏠
  20. @samuel_yullu: 🏡

- Budgeting for Teens: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] budgeting allows you to track your spending and manage your money research shows that if teens have good financial habits when they grow up they will be financially responsible adults to get started you will want to identify some sources of income this money you receive from a job or your weekly or monthly allowance other sources would be birthday Christmas or graduation money from friends or relatives once you have figured out where you're getting your money it's time to write a list of things you spend your money on consistently if you aren't sure you can take a look at the detailed transactions in your bank account over the course of a month to get an idea examples would be gas insurance going out to eat movies entertainment school lunches clothing school supplies or rent or laundry if you're in college simply said the difference between the two is your savings consider saving some of the income as a safety net in case there are unexpected or emergency expenses consider donating a portion of your income or savings to charities if you have the ability to do so it's important to see where your money comes from and where you spend it try recording you to purchase for a month to get a picture of where your money is going this will help you budget when it comes to buying those nice-to-have items versus those need to have items this may also help keep your spending on track you can also ask your parents for help have them show you their budget what does their income get spent on what percent of their income do they save each month what percent of their income goes to charity a key component to budgeting believe it or not is saving saving can help you build toward wealth easy categories maybe monthly spending savings and donating accounts money that is saved can either be deposited into your savings account or invested or donated or used for a special fund night out easy rule of thought would be to spend 70% save 20% and donate 10% specifying percentage goals is a great way to stay on track with a budget you can create a budget in Excel or you could use a mobile app or website to help with the budgeting saving and tracking there are several on the internet that can help you with managing money getting out of debt tracking expenses or help with saving budgeting is a tool which if you can make a habit of will help you build towards wealth for your future

  Top Comments:
  1. @bige6759 [26 likes]: i had to watch this for educational reason
  2. @Mr-Mania [24 likes]: This tone is the same kind I'd expect to call me saying my entire family was murdered
  3. @imRareGod [22 likes]: Bro said donate 💀💀💀
  4. @MoneyMiner9 [6 likes]: 0:59 & 1:30 & 1:43 & 1:58 I would add a comment there about relating donation items with tax reductions… sounds like you’re just asking for people to donate because they have nothing better to spend it on when this is a video about budgeting, and budgeting would include budgeting for tax time
  5. @Historyteacheraz [3 likes]: Very helpful video. A Teenager’s Guide on how to Invest Like Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger is a great book for teen investors.
  6. @thestarwarsdude-l7d [2 likes]: i feel like at that point in life you should not be donating anything unless your miraculously rich. And btw donating counts as an expense.
  7. @gravity1872 [2 likes]: what is the jazz song name kinda fye 🔥
  8. @JustineQuilao-z6g [1 likes]: oke
  9. @Rebecca-zr3lu [1 likes]: God, thank you for helping teenagers to save and spend money correctly. Thank you for allowances and that parents and grandparents and families budget to include money for allowances. Please forgive parents and people who did not save up money for their kids throughout life. I pray that this is included in my budget and that I will be able to do this in Jesus name. Amen 🙏
  10. @Kat_Prins [1 likes]: they fr used power point presentation for 0:35 on the words
  11. @Kat_Prins [1 likes]: tony stark made appearance at 1:25
  12. @realtechblitz [1 likes]: Made on the same software as 'Caillou Gets Grounded' videos. Very informative!
  13. @LethoHali [1 likes]: Thank you so much!
  14. @WealthCodeTruths: This is what financial education should look like — direct and honest.
  15. @karajsandhu-j2h: My brain cells high-fived after this.
  16. @RofukShakk: This is exactly the kind of video I needed!
  17. @thebro117: Who else is stuck in class rn?
  18. @Leafyisepicallycool: I watched this in civics and came back to say the dude with the blue tie is zubin Sedghi
  19. @Matthew8473: Your work is awe-inspiring; akin to a novel that covered similar ground brilliantly. "Mastering Money Mindfulness" by Benjamin Hawk
  20. @RevoOnRev1337: don't use a credit card.

- How To Move Out Of Your Parents House THE RIGHT WAY | Budgeting and Planning: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys simon bryson here and you know what on sunday i was at church and a friend of mine comes over and asks us basically hey tommy how do i actually move out you know how do i know when i'm ready i know i want to but how do i know if i'm actually ready well after like around two minutes i break everything down he has his answer he's happy i'm happy now i get to thinking yo are people answering this question for example on youtube i go on youtube i find that basically my ladies on youtube are breaking this stuff down like soldiers okay awesome job but my fellas here we're not talking about this i was like yo let me go on youtube and represent and basically break down exactly how do you move out and how do you know when you're actually ready and by the way i know some of you guys right now maybe you had an argument so you're mad now you're watching this video trying to figure out how to move out or for example you just want your own space to actually grow or you just feel like yo i'm kind of like outgrowing my parents you know and i'm just not really comfortable here anymore okay i just want my own space i get that that's fine and by the way for context here who am i i'm tommy bryson okay on top of that if you do live with your parents it does not mean you are a loser i moved out at the age of 24 and i was making around 20 to 30 000 per month okay so not a crazy loser here i made my money but then i finally moved that around three months ago because basically i did my plan and i went over everything and that's what i'm gonna give you guys right here in this video how do you make sure that when you move out of your parents house you never gotta go back that is the last thing i want for you guys i got a friend okay one of you guys you know you moved out and now for example you're having to go back and live with your mom because things did not go as you expected so that's what i want to make sure that basically does not happen to you whatsoever and if you guys are new here do me a favor and go ahead and basically subscribe to the channel and hit the bell to get notified and on top also destroy the like button that way youtube the algorithm shows it to more people out there that are mad to parents and basically need help ashley going ahead and moving out okay now the very first thing is this guys in this video i'm gonna give you guys five things that basically helped me out a lot when it was time to move out to make sure i never had to go back now the very first thing i want you guys to do is grab your twenty thousand dollars and get i'm just kidding look i'm just kidding but what i want you guys to know is basically i want you guys to create for example a soft plan for your future okay now by soft plan i mean basically a plan that's no more than 12 months into the future and for example you're able to put down for example some very simple concepts and change as you go nothing concrete nothing crazy is just a little planet now the two main focuses here are basically cost of living outside of your parents home and also the income that you will be required to actually make to have money to actually save and also pay all your bills so write down basically hey where am i gonna live how much is it gonna cost okay am i gonna have roommates no roommates what am i gonna do where am i gonna work okay you wanna put all your ideas here and like what you wanna do your results and you wanna basically put it into a process okay what am i going to need where am i going to live where neighborhood am i going to get a car no car where am i going to work how much will they pay me is it going to be enough what about the taxes you know just create a little soft plan but just focus on basically two things cost of living and also for example your income remember okay i know most of you guys are like yo i want to move out get it over with but i know some of you for example you're kind of like scared also because you're leaving your parents remember moving out just means you're just going to be a visitor in your parents zone meaning you can still go back and visit everything's gonna be fine but this way you get to have your own space and kind of like build your own character and everything else okay moving out has been amazing amazing for me so far and you're lucky because basically i moved to puerto rico and that's like four hours away from new york and i'm playing but you guys are probably gonna be for example in the same area as your parents so everything is pretty much gonna be fine now the second thing i want you guys to do is basically skill slash job skill and job are different things i want you to write down exactly what skill are you going to acquire to make you a substantial amount of income that means for example like career-wise whether it's college or a trade job or license for example accounting finance whatever it is you want to pick something you're actually going to go into a little rule life follows basically the top 10 rule do research on the top 10 things you actually want to do like a paper basically and then pick the one you like the most you're going to be most good at and also is going to pay you the most money on top of that remember your job is going to be what you're going to do while you're basically acquiring that skill so your job helps you pay for college or trade school and also save money so you can actually move out and actually have money but remember you can be working at walmart mcdonald's but you're just two years or four years away from being for example a financial advisor or a plumber an ac repair person elevator repair person there are so many jobs out there but again i want you to focus on the skill not on the job do whatever it takes just to earn money just make sure it's not illegal because that's a problem okay and i don't want you to end up i don't want you to end up in jail after watching this video right here like oh tommy told me to do that no i i did it i did not okay now the third thing guys is basically your budget one thing i learned is hey once you're making money we can make a budget in action now i'll be honest here around 99 of people that i know when they get their first job their pitch it goes for example either towards cars going out or for example close like all the paycheck don't do that i did that i was stupid don't do it have a budget in place for example have your main expenses which are basically shelter utilities groceries and transportation and also if you need to buy a car just pay cash for it and save up for it like a thousand to around three thousand dollars should be around your budget nothing more don't buy a new car at age 18 24 25 if you can't afford it i don't care how old you are just don't do it you can't afford it so just don't do it but have for example your main expenses everything else is basically don't add it in so no netflix no going out no parties just save all the money towards your saving and also towards going back and paying for your school or your trade school or whatever it's okay those right there are your main priorities remember this is temporary it's not gonna be like this forever it's just for a short period of time while you get for example a very nice job and also have enough money to actually go and get your own apartment now number four is you're probably thinking tommy well if i'm gonna be saving money what am i gonna be saving money for right there's also for example my moving costs but what else i'm gonna save money for the answer is i would save money for at least three to six months worth of emergencies this right here is what makes sure that when you move out you don't gotta go back you know my friend he moved out didn't have this money things went wrong lost his job now he's gonna go back and live with him okay but if he had for example three to six months worth of emergencies in his account he could be like hey i have three months to find a job or six months to find a job now your emergency account should cover for example all of your expenses for three months to six months that's the rule and also have this money for example in a separate account so you're not tempted to go ahead and use it for an unexpected vacation or partying or whatever it is okay just have that money on the side in a separate account again so by this point you should have for example your cost of living when you move out right so just multiply that number monthly basis basically by three or by six three months gives you three months six months gives you six months that's the idea so when things go wrong then they probably will you'll have money so you don't gotta be like hey mommy daddy can i get some money no i got my own i can handle things also now number five guys okay with the rest of your money once you have an emergency account you gotta save money for the actual moving cost now this right here is kind of weird because you don't really expect it but it is a part of the game and it's not like hey i have a thousand dollars i'm good to go no it's not really that simple okay first of all you need money for the apartment so usually that's around one month's rent okay and also last month's rent it's kind of like a deposit so that way if anything goes wrong with the apartment they keep that money so basically one month's rents and usually last month's rents that's what they're gonna charge you so just basically like two months rent that's all you basically need on top of that when you go into an apartment if it's not furnished guess what you literally gotta buy everything so there are no spoons there are no plates there are no cups everything you basically gotta get walmart is your friend okay they have everything there for a discount don't buy anything fancy buy a few cups a few plates and if you need a mattress for example just amazon it for like around 200 bucks but don't buy i i spoke to this guy he bought a mattress for 12 000 like two mattresses you know i was like what is it like a mercedes or something like that you know what i mean so don't do that he's gonna be paying that match for the next like 60 years very stupid don't do that just buy a regular mattress from amazon and call it a day also if you're going to the car save that money up by yourself my favorite brands are basically honda's toyotas and mazdas those don't really break down that much in the last forever a thousand dollars to around 3 000 should be around your budget keep that in mind however though this right here is a lot of planning right it's like five steps you have hey i have my plan i have a skill i'm working towards while i have a job i'm basically also budgeting my money i have my emergency fund and then lastly i have my moving out costs my apartment expenses the little things i'm going to buy here and there also my car it's a lot of stuff to actually save money for right however you have two options here you can either for example move out of your parents house once you're done with your college or trade school so basically you got a very good social income or you can move out right now and then do everything but remember that will be hard right i did the first so i finished college first i had a proper income and then i moved out i was like hey i'm fine everything's good okay i can take care of myself 100 some people though if you do live for example in a toxic household maybe you don't feel safe maybe it's a lot of drama now by the way i don't mean like drama like you don't like your mama i don't mean i mean like drama where you're not safe okay like you're getting like abused you know like like crazy stuff going on okay so if that is your case then you can basically ignore everything i said here just get a job and save for moments of emergencies and just go ahead and get a room okay because all you really need is freedom from that situation just get a room it's like 150 per week or like 100 per week and just have your job and then balance everything out and build it out from there but don't stay in that space if you don't need to any longer especially if you don't feel safe now guys so far i don't want to make this video way too long but if you made it all the way here give this video a like i appreciate it and on top of that i know most likely you have extra questions so i'm going to go ahead and basically answer them now instead of making for example like a part two then in part three and then i get more views right now here are some questions i know you're probably gonna have for example tommy what about building credit you don't need credit to buy a car because you'll pay cash for it and on top of that you'll only credit for example when it comes to buying a home but then again not really if you have a really good income a really good history they will let you buy a home like lend you the money without credit however if you do want to build credit without any debts and go into greece today like your parents did or your friends did so what you want to do is just basically use the one build method what does that mean it means you get one credit card get a secured credit card look it up on google or on youtube secure this is unsecured tommy bryson i got a video on it link down below but look it up okay get the capital one secured card most likely you will get approved if you don't get approved for that one try to discover secure card also but try the capital one secured card first apply for that one get your netflix bill or your phone bill on it automatically and then set the bill to pay itself automatically every single month and then cut the credit card that way you build credit but you don't get any debt that's the one build method second question is basically tell me how do i qualify for my first apartment the answer is if you have a job and you had a job for a while and you have the money they'll most likely accept you you don't need to have like the highest credit score because in reality you are new to credit there's a difference between for example a low credit score because of bad credit and just having a low credit score because basically you need your credit they take that into play hey i have a good income and i also have for example the money so you're good to go and i also have mercy funds so guess what you won't have to worry and you know always consider getting a roommate so the third question here obviously is should i get a roommate or no roommate the answer is the rule i follow is the rule of 33 meaning if shelter is going to cost me more than 33 percent of a monthly income i would just go ahead and basically get a roommate because basically i can't afford it so if i make let's say 2 000 per month that's my income multiplied by .33 that's basically your budget for rent if you can't rent an apartment like this in your area whether it's a studio one bedroom two bedroom just go ahead and get a roommate you don't want to have basically half your income goes towards rent because that way you won't have enough money to pay for your skill save more money start investing and everything else okay and also remember every apartment is temporary until you have the money and savings to buy a home and if you spend all your money in apartment it makes no sense so question number four tommy girlfriend or no girlfriend i get access a lot okay i have a fiance if you guys don't know we do not live together because we are not married okay and the big thing is basically imagine you live with somebody your girlfriend or boyfriend whatever you guys make this plan half half bills but then they can't pay and you can't pay by yourself it's just a very complex situation or you guys break up what happens then okay it's just too complicated so what i would recommend is basically i don't mind having roommates but i wouldn't complicate it that much as far as like girlfriend and girlfriend because i had a situation where one of my friends they broke up because there was so much financial stress before they even got married okay so that's why i wouldn't do it okay now last question here should i get an expensive apartment or a normal apartment the answer is get what you can afford that's going to be the best thing ever remember again apartments are temporary while you save money to buy your first property it might take you a few years of saving so don't have a fancy apartment and then you can't afford to buy the home when the time comes but guys that is my time okay hopefully i broke everything down i helped you guys a lot and if i watched this video when i was 17 years old i would have had a much easier time today but don't be in a crazy rush this is not hollywood it's not a movie you don't want to move out at age 18 and my mom was literally crying tommy don't go don't go don't go i moved out because basically i wanted to and i was ready and all the math actually made sense so just make sure have everything in place to summarize here remember have your plan your soft plan have a skill to work towards whether it's college or trade school why you have a job walmart mcdonald's i don't care have some income start your budget with your main expenses everything else is cut out okay save that money towards emergencies and also towards your moving out costs the goal is that when you move out you don't got to come back and you also move out giving your parents confidence that basically hey this person is ready but that's it right there guys i'll see you guys next time thanks for watching again make sure to go ahead and basically subscribe to the channel and hit the bell street notified and adopt also destroy the like button it helps a lot so make sure to leave a like on this video on top of that also if you guys want to call me i have a link down below talk to me for free the link is down below or just dm me on instagram italianbrysen if i can answer your questions i will answer them and actually help you as much as i can also here is another video if you guys want to watch it on top of my face right here and as always peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @rediettadesse2828 [6 likes]: Im 28 and i think its time 😅😅😅
  2. @FSBEdits [3 likes]: Okkk I’m 14 might seem young still but I feel like I can move out at 18 I want to move out they just control me like a puppet I hope someone can help me what to do
  3. @duckyponplays1754 [3 likes]: I make $15 a month, I’m 12
  4. @gesagt-getan [2 likes]: Video starts at 2:36
  5. @TheRichard714 [1 likes]: Yeah my fuck my childish ass parents. Can't wait to abandon them & actually live my life
  6. @dylanfarley6612 [1 likes]: 30k a month? So what did you do for a living to earn this? Most people dont have that "30k a month" luxury
  7. @ImKezo-kq4pq [1 likes]: If you 18 don't move out, Instead, Work and save money for land by age 20 you buy land and by 22 you'll have your house then you can move out and not pay rent anymore
  8. @txic7330 [1 likes]: Ok so just make $20k
  9. @ginaluv7228 [1 likes]: I have a okay household but sometimes it sucks living in a household when I’m the only one prioritizing the clean up and my family barely help and then living with a toxic person who starts all the time is annoying. I really wish , I could just move with my mom only lol
  10. @aaronc3396 [1 likes]: Thanks!
  11. @courtney51454: My mums kicking me out after I told her I eventually want to move out with my twin sister (they aren’t on good terms) and she got offended and now she’s rushing me and said I used her even though I pay for rent, food and my own phone bill she also decided to do this when I’m in the process of starting my first job I’m just waiting for the DBS to go through
  12. @jpdanny8844: Amazing video man
  13. @ThirdHourDO: I want to but I don’t have anything to do it
  14. @RealMadTheftDistrict: im bout to move out rn but im not sure if i should move out or not lol
  15. @victropolis: $20-$30K per month?  dude, you shouldn't have mentioned that.  That makes this video a joke.  the first month that you earned that much, you were ready to move out.  I would have sent this video to my daughter, but now I don't know.  Not to mention that it makes 99.9% of the people feel like shit.  Completelly unnecessarily.
  16. @prettypunk123: yo are you from memphis, too? or georgia or florida? if you're in memphis and have suggestions on places to live, let me know. thanks #represent thanks for this video. i wanted a male's perspective. you bring up many logical/reasoning points. thanks for posting.
  17. @txic7330: Who else at that point. lol can’t this shit no more
  18. @JayOgmoneyMotion: My parents  are smart but they get on my nerves im a capricorn  and there fire signs
  19. @Connor-i4e: Am I the only 17 year old contemplating this right now as a junior in high school?
  20. @crystalgilley7780: Could you help me

- How I Moved to the USA as a Student with Low Budget (Full Story) 🇺🇸: Kind: captions Language: en Assalamu Alaikum, I am Sha Yan and welcome to the new blog. In today's blog, let's talk about how I moved to America as a student on a very low budget. Look, I did n't have that much budget, so there were some right strategies, some tricks that we used to come to America and on a very low budget. If you follow those things, you too can come to America for very little money. Like, if you are going to the UK or Australia, you can come to America for less money. You will have to follow all those tricks. So, I just got off from my job and I am in the mood to go for a walk today. So I am going to the forest, we will park our car there, take a little walk, and later we will also have Iftar and discuss the whole thing with you. I will tell you how you can also come to America on a very low budget. If I show you the view of my college, then MashaAllah, my college looks so beautiful here. It is raining here right now, the weather is a little bit different. It's cold, but it's raining here, so now summer is about to come. The weather is a little better than before. It used to be very cold, reaching minus 25-28 degrees. But right now, the temperature has dropped significantly. There's a parking lot in front of me. I have to go there to pick up my car. I'm going towards the forest. Yes, our car is parked here. Now, let's take the car out, it's a little cold, and we leave. This is the entire view of my college. This is the entire parking lot. The parking lot here is very large. There are a lot of cars behind and there's parking in front. There's more parking in front of it. The college is very large. This is the road to my college. There's a lake in front of the college. My college is on this side. Look, it's so beautiful. The road is excellent. I really like the way they've preserved nature here. You get to breathe clean air here. They've maintained the quality of life very well. And this is my college, my college is very big, there is another park behind it, so there is so much parking here, so much parking, what can I tell you brother, I think about 10,000 cars can come here, okay, so we have reached the forest here, I have parked my car in front there and if I show you behind, this is also a whole forest, so they have created a forest here for the community so that people can come in the morning and evening, do their walk, exercise, get a little fresh, so brother, I have also come and I keep talking to you here, okay, so now let's start our main topic, how I came to America on a low budget, so see here, you have to focus on some things, if you do not have much money, then you should not go directly to the university, you should go towards the community college, see, the semester fee of a university is, let me tell you, from 12,000 to 15,000, 16,000, 25,000 per semester, the semester fee of a university is so high, now if you are a community college If you go there, your semester fee range will be from Rs. 5,000 to Rs. 10,000 per semester, so it falls quite low here. You have to focus on this if you are coming for a Bachelor's, this option is for Bachelor's students, not for Master's students. There is an option for Master's students, which very few people know. If you are coming for a Master's and you are not able to make the budget for the first semester, then you can study ESL for one semester, English language course. Well, you can also come for Master's, if you are not able to make the budget, then you can transfer to ESL. Study ESL for one semester, after that you can transfer to Master's again. This is a possibility, so if you want to do it, you have the legal right, there is nothing wrong in it. The easy option for Bachelor's students is that you come here for a Bachelor's and take a transfer to a community college. Study community college for two years, then study at your university for the next two years. So, whatever your balance will be, you will be able to afford the fees and you can easily complete your degree with very little money. If you study at a university for four years, you'll be paying a lot more. What I did was, I came directly on a university visa and I transferred from a community college, and this is legally allowed. There's nothing wrong with it. There's nothing illegal about it. All of this is legally allowed. Students here enroll at 90% to 80%, which is the Financial Express fee. In three installments, I think I was paying around $3,000 in $800 installments because my semester fee was $8,000. Well, here's a tricky thing: you have another option in America. I think 80 to 90 out of 100 colleges offer you an option: if you get an on-campus job, your tuition fee is reduced. So, what I did was, there were around 10 job openings at my college, and I applied to all 10 of them. I did a great job on my resume, and I did a great job. I created a profile and got an interview offer from a job. When I went for the interview, I gave my best and tried my best. Luckily, I got an on-campus job in the first semester itself. This means that my fees will be reduced in the second semester, which has happened, Alhamdulillah. So, what happens is that if you get an on-campus job, and my hiring manager was telling me that there was one seat for 43 applicants, and you were lucky to get that job, there is a lot of competition. It's not that if you go there, you will get an on-campus job. Yes, if you are hard-working, if you do hard work, you get it. So, I got an on-campus job. In the second semester, my fee of $18,000 will be reduced to $200 per semester. So, right now, Alhamdulillah, I am paying only $200 per semester here in America as an international student. So, you have to play smart and organize your things well. We have to work hard, friend, MashaAllah, look at this deer in front, it looks so cute and there is another one in front too, so see here how much they have preserved their environment, it is not like they have planted forests etc. like they do in Pakistan, they are roaming freely, eating and drinking and look how cute they look, MashaAllah, after seeing me I think they are scared, anyway look at this, this entire forest looks so nice and look here, they are staying here and enjoying themselves and this means the place is very peaceful, I am enjoying it a lot, Alhamdulillah, even if you are saying it, then in a way there is nice pollution here, friend, I am trying very hard, let me say it easily, comfortably, let me also tell you a little about the expenses, how much did I spend till Pakistan and how much did I spend in America when I came and what was my fee etc. I had given it to you. As soon as I came here, look, I can say that I spent up to $4,000 there in Pakistan, apart from the tickets, in the entire process of coming here, I spent up to $4,000 in Pakistan. When I came to America, I came here and paid my university fee installments, and also I had to pay for accommodation and rent for my residence, and my food and drink, so it did n't seem that much. Now you have a better idea of how much I spent when I came from Pakistan and how much I spent here from Pakistan. The consultants from Pakistan say, "Brother, you need one crore, you need one and a half crore." There is no such thing, you can come to America within a budget, you do n't need to worry. Pakistani consultants who are sitting in Pakistan do this, they sell you to consultant-favorite universities. Now look, they have kept things like, "Brother, go to Dipal, go to Cordia." These are such universities which are consultant-favorite universities. Now what happens here is that they get a commission, for example, you are coming. Now, when you get a visa, you will come to Arka and pay your fee. A percentage of your fee goes to the consultant, and that's how they make money. Right? Pakistani consultants mostly send you to consultant-favored universities. They get your commission from your fee, so if possible, you should avoid them. You can go as per your wish. There are some good consultants who don't do this and work very freely. Okay, if you have to do the process yourself, then well and good. There is nothing wrong in it. Find the best universities, apply for a visa. You get a visa and come here. If you don't have the budget, transfer to a community college and go there and make installments. All your things will be organized within a budget. It's not that tough. Things are not that difficult. You just have to try and work hard. One thing is that you have to study day and night and work hard. You will work hard here. You will get the fruits of it. I have a couple of businesses that generate passive income for me. I do n't get involved in business myself, which is not even legally allowed to me. In a way, you should try your best if you are coming from Pakistan to learn some skill. I will tell you in the next few videos how I am running or managing my business, and you should too. You should have some skill and you are doing something. Then life will become easy for you here, otherwise it will be very difficult for you here because some of my acquaintances and friends also work off-campus jobs in restaurants. Life can be very tough. They are barely able to make only $2000 per month. So if you are earning $2000 then life becomes very difficult. Learn some skill here that will generate passive income for you. Insha Allah, in the coming videos, I will tell you how you can set up your own small business which you Earn $1200 and give it to make your life a little easier because if you are getting that $1200 then there will be stability in your life and even if you are in America and you are getting $200 per month passively then that will prove to be very helpful to you, so we will talk about that as well, Insha Allah, see, you should move abroad, you get options anywhere in life, if you do n't get America then go to Canada, Australia, UK, Germany, Italy, you will get a lot to learn, you will move ahead in life, you will get experience, you will have connections with people, so these things will benefit you a lot, in the long run you will become a better person with good understanding, good exposure and your chances of being successful will also increase a lot, so definitely if you have any option to go abroad then you should go and when you go out of Pakistan you get a lot of exposure and get to see a different world, so that was the end of today's video, if you also want to process for the US Then you guys know that I have a consultancy US ED Path you can message me you can book a one on one session with me I can take care of all your process and also if you have questions about your US visa interview then also you can book a one on one session with me I will try my best to guide you well for the US visa interview so that's all for today and let's end the video if you haven't subscribed to the channel then subscribe to the channel and inshallah see you in the next video Allah Hafiz

  Top Comments:
  1. @SabaqAmozQisse [3 likes]: I want to get admission in PhD management sciences. Can you guide me? I want to Apply through your consultancy.
  2. @afaqanwar2500 [2 likes]: That place looks gory and sad 😔
  3. @HabibKhan-j1n [1 likes]: Give me Whatsapp number brother please
  4. @SyedBrand129 [1 likes]: Assalam Walekum bhai ap ko America mein Milana ho to Kaise mil sakte hain
  5. @AbdulRafay-k5i5f [1 likes]: Bro your life is my dream life.I want to come USA for Masters in AI engineering.
  6. @AzaanAhmed-oi5xw [1 likes]: I want to be there as it is my biggest dream but I do not have enough money and I dont want to be a burden on my parents
  7. @BasYaHussain786: Keep it up 👍💪
  8. @AliHamza-x7r3f: Bro I want to study in  America for bachelor and currently I am giving 1st year paper
  9. @HassanLondon-h2j: Shayan bahi plz Yar ma ap ko face book pr masg keya tha ap NY deka nahe ha Mera Hassan
  10. @5tani524: How can I contact with you?
  11. @daniyalakram-l6p: bhai ap ne statement  ka kiya kiya ap ke 4000$ lage to statement ka kiya
  12. @AiChannel-e5o: Informative video.Thnxx❤
  13. @waleed_afridii: collage name?
  14. @boogiebears2961: What type of skills? Does art count?
  15. @Afshanumar88: Assalamualikum Shayan bhai mai a raha ho 
Like on campus job mai kia kia job hote hai to mai abe se kosheesh karogna
  16. @KamiKhan-k9t: Shayan bhai Gap kitna chalta he maximum
  17. @SimplyAestheticLiving: Like you will pay the fee for ESL or MS while taking admission?
  18. @SimplyAestheticLiving: So one should take admission in ESL or MS?
  19. @NERO729: which university or local college you recommend in america ,i dont have much budget
  20. @cocomoo-zg1js: shayan bahi  mary metric  ma 95 prcnt hn or  fsc ma 83 prcnt pre medical , agy medicine ma nhi hon azleel , ma bs ki scholarship dekh rhi ho kya ap guide kr skty hn , fully funded type , kiyu paiso ka mlmla howa family ny nhi bajna  eastern culture for girls  you know . scholarships ky hawa;y sy guide kr dyn

- START BUDGETING with Little Money (10 Easy Tips for 2026): Kind: captions Language: en every month you receive your paycheck and somehow it just vanishes before you even realize it rent groceries bills a few small treats here and there and suddenly you're left wondering where did it all go it feels like no matter what you do there's just never enough you feel overwhelmed thinking budgeting is just for people who have a lot of money but all these problems we just talked about have one simple solution budgeting budgeting is the key to turning things around and finally gaining control of your finances no matter how little you earn budgeting helps you make the most of it and build Financial stability bit by bit you don't need to be wealthy to benefit from budgeting it's for everyone even beginners and if you're just starting out and have no idea what to do or how to budget this video is perfect for you in today's video we're going to walk you through the top 10 tips on how to start budgeting even if your income is on the Lower Side these tips are simple practical and designed to help you get started without feeling overwhelmed by the end of this video you'll have a clear plan to take charge of your finances and start seeing real progress and now if you're new to our Channel don't forget to subscribe and hit the Bell icon so you won't miss out on the valuable insights we share in our future videos let's get started and make budgeting something that works for you not against you tip one use real numbers the first tip on how to start budgeting for beginners with little income is to use real numbers for a budget to work and be successful you need to base it on actual numbers not just guesses or estimates of what you think you're spending it's super important to know exactly how much money is coming into your household and how much is going out every single month this is the key to creating a successful budget that you can stick to a lot of us tend to underestimate how much we're spending especially on things like groceries entertainment or eating out so the best way to get started is to track your expenses for a few weeks write down every single thing you spend money on from your morning coffee to that extra snack at the store this will give you a clear picture of your spending habits and show you where you might be overspending as Dave Ramsey once said a budget is telling your money where to go instead of wondering where it went once you have all your spending tracked review it honestly and ask yourself are there areas where I need to cut back are there expenses I can reduce or even eliminate this is where real numbers make all the difference by knowing exactly where your money is going you can make informed choices and start making small but impactful changes tip two give every dollar a job the next tip on how to start budgeting for beginners with little income is to give every dollar a job this means budgeting all the way down to zero every dollar you earn should have a specific purpose whether it's covering expenses paying off debt or adding to your savings when your fixed expenses debt payments and savings have all been handled if there's still money left over make sure you assign it a job this way it won't just disappear Without a Trace for example you could add it to your emergency fund boost your retirement savings or even give yourself a little extra for something fun as Warren Buffett famously said do not save what is left after spending but spend what is left after saving giving every dollar a purpose helps you avoid mindless spending and keeps you in control it's your budget so you get to decide where each dollar goes tip three set goals for your money now the third tip is to set goals for your money you need to have clear financial goals if you want your budget to work for you take some time to write down what you want to achieve with your money your goals should be realistic and flexible because life happens maybe your income changes or an unexpected expense comes up that's okay just remember to adjust your goals accordingly this will keep you motivated and help you stay on track think of it like planning a road trip if you don't know where you're going you're likely to get lost your financial goals are like your destination and your budget is the road map to get you there review your goals whenever things change like if you get a raise or payoff a debt and keep them in mind when making spending decisions remember what Tony Robins said setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible your goals will guide your budget and keep you focused on what truly matters to you tip four separate wants versus needs our fourth tip on how to start budgeting for beginners with a little income is to separate wants from needs when working on your budget it's crucial to know the difference between what you need and what you simply want needs are things like rent groceries and bills things that are essential for living once on the other hand are things that make life more enjoyable but aren't absolutely necessary like eating out buying the latest gadgets or getting that fancy coffee every morning it can be tough to look at your spending and be honest about what's really a need versus what's a want but doing this is an important step to avoid overspending and accumulating unnecessary debt ask yourself questions like do I really need this or can I live without it is there a cheaper alternative that would still make me happy what if I put that money towards something more important like paying off debt or saving for the future tip five plan for irregular expenses the fifth tip on how to start budgeting for beginners with little income is to plan for irregular expenses these are the expenses that only come up once in a while but they can really throw your budget off track if you aren't prepared for them one way to handle irregular expenses is to set up a separate savings account just for these kinds of costs each time you get paid put a little bit into this account so that when those expenses come up you have the money ready and don't need to rely on credit cards or other funds meant for something else think of it like building a safety net for all those unex expected but expected expenses by doing this you're being proactive instead of reactive which is always a better position to be in having a plan for irregular expenses makes budgeting easier and less stressful as Benjamin Franklin once said by failing to prepare you are preparing to fail by setting aside a little each month for these expenses you are preparing yourself for whatever comes your way without derailing your entire budget tip six create an emergency fund or buffer in your budget the sixth tip is to create an emergency fund or a buffer in your budget emergencies are bound to happen we just don't know when it could be a medical issue a sudden car problem or something else entirely by having an emergency fund you can deal with these surprises without causing a financial crisis start by putting a small amount aside every pay period into a separate savings account you don't need to save a huge amount all at once just set a goal that feels achievable like $600 and work towards it over time the goal is to have something set aside so that an emergency doesn't turn into a major Financial setback as you continue building this fund you'll feel more secure knowing you're prepared for Life surprises as the motivational speaker Zig Ziglar said success occurs when opportunity meets preparation your emergency fund is part of that preparation making sure that unexpected events are just inconveniences not disasters tip seven stop using credit and make debt repayment a priority the seventh tip is to stop using credit and make debt repayment a priority if you've built a solid budget you should be able to reduce or even eliminate your Reliance on credit cards the goal here is to get rid of debt as quickly as possible so that your money can go towards your future not to interest payments make sure that debt repayment is part of your budget focus on paying off highin debts first because those are the ones costing you the most money by reducing your debt you're not just saving money on interest you're also freeing up more of your income for other things that matter to you as Mark cubin once said pay off your debt First Freedom from debt is worth more than any amount you can earn reducing debt brings you closer to Financial freedom and takes away the burden of monthly interest payments remember every dollar that doesn't go to interest is a dollar that stays in your pocket and that's what budgeting is all about keeping more of your money and building a future you can be proud of tip eight Monitor and adjust your electricity use the eighth tip is to Monitor and adjust your electricity use this might seem like a small thing but energy costs can add up quickly and cutting back on electricity usage can make a real difference in your budget many electric companies offer free tools to assess your home energy use and provide tips to help you save money for instance switching to a time of use plan can help lower your bill if you change when you use energy hungry appliances like your clothes dryer or dishwasher running these during off peak hours can save you quite a bit take some time to look around your home and identify ways to reduce energy consumption turn off lights when you leave a room unplug electronics that aren't being used and try using energy efficient light bulbs as Thomas Edison once said the value of an idea lies in the using of it by being mindful of how you use electricity you can make a tangible impact on your budget tip nine try doing it yourself before paying a pro the ninth tip is to try doing it yourself before paying a pro some tasks are definitely better left to professionals especially if they're dangerous or beyond your skill level but many everyday repairs are surprisingly simple and can save you a lot of money if you do them yourself next time something breaks whether it's a leaky faucet or a minor car issue do some research and see if it's something you can handle yourself there are countless online videos that walk you through how to fix things step by step learning to do basic tasks yourself can add up to significant savings over time as the famous d DIY Advocate Amy po once joked I think everybody should have to learn to change their own oil and fix a leaky sink even if you're not a natural handyman starting with small fixes can boost your confidence and keep more money in your pocket tip 10 review and adjust your budget regularly the final tip on how to start budgeting for beginners with little income is to review and adjust your budget regularly John C Maxwell once said a budget is telling your money where to go instead of wondering where it went by reviewing your budget regularly you ensure that you're spending aligns with your goals and you stay on track towards Financial Freedom a budget is not a one anddone deal it's a living breathing plan that should evolve with your life as your income changes or expenses fluctuate you need to adjust your budget to make sure it still works for you set a reminder to review your budget each month when when you're just starting out after a few months you can shift to reviewing it every 3 months this helps you stay on top of any changes like an increase in rent Insurance costs or even new financial goals you've set for yourself and that were the top 10 tips on how to start budgeting for beginners with little income we hope these practical tips will help you take control of your finances and make budgeting a manageable positive part of your life if you found these tips helpful please give this video a thumbs up and share it with others who might benefit and if you haven't already make sure to subscribe to our Channel and hit that Bell icon so you don't miss out on any of our future content filled with more tips and tricks for financial Wellness thank you so much for watching and we'll see you in the next video Happy budgeting

  Top Comments:
  1. @DonInvestsChannel [16 likes]: Thanks for watching! 🙌What topic should I cover next? Comment below! 💬
  2. @DanielGolden-s3m [6 likes]: "Your financial goals are just like your destination, and your budget is the road map that helps to get you there."
  3. @WalletLabHub [5 likes]: The video gives 10 simple budgeting tips for low income → track real numbers, assign every dollar, set goals
Focus on needs vs wants, plan irregular costs, build emergency fund
Cut debt, reduce small expenses, DIY when possible, review regularly
Core idea: budgeting = control + consistency, not income level

Clear, practical, and very beginner-friendly explanation. Great job by the creator.
  4. @TheFrugalFormula-g8n [2 likes]: This video is so helpful! I love how practical and easy-to-follow these budgeting tips are even with a small amount of money, it's inspiring to see how much we can take control of our finances. Thank you for breaking everything down so clearly and making budgeting feel achievable for everyone!
  5. @RobertSmith-gx3mi [2 likes]: A 0 balance budget challenges me each week to try to come in under budget so at the end of the month I have that much more money in the checking account that can be transferred into the high interest savings account.
Also for the most part , I limit my spending to Fridays, Saturdays  and Sundays.
This is when I shop for groceries, do laundry, and fuel up my car.
As far as raises go, I got a $2 an hour.raise in October of 2025, but my budget is still the budget of someone making $2 an hour less than that.So the entire raise goes into savings each month.
  6. @eternalrelaxationrealms [1 likes]: Great tips! The tip I will always share to anyone who needs to hear it is that it's never too late to start!
  7. @angelouvillanuevavlogs [1 likes]: Thanks for this! I'll try my best to start budgeting my money well as possible starting next month. 😭
  8. @RobertInvestUS [1 likes]: Take control of your money—even on a low income—with these 10 simple budgeting tips that help you track spending, cut unnecessary costs, build savings, and create a clear financial plan so you can stop wondering where your money goes and start making real progress.
  9. @LucindaDavidson-w6c [1 likes]: As I once said, “a budget is telling your money where to go, instead of wondering where it went.”
  10. @uutfathiaramadhini888 [1 likes]: ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🎉
  11. @LovindaEmmanuel [1 likes]: Thanks for teaching ❤
  12. @DebadritaDas-j8q: My entertainment subscription 😢😢😢 took a huge chunk of money
  13. @Crescitaly_com: Ho provato tantissimi servizi per crescere sui social prima di scoprire Crescitaly. Nessuno si avvicina alla loro qualità. I follower sono reali, l'engagement è genuino e i risultati durano nel tempo.
  14. @riseyoungpeople: 2:25 🔥
  15. @susanhinson7559: Your drawing of Warren Buffet was actually a drawing of George Sorros…????
  16. @theacornlings: Helped me alot
  17. @247Empowerment: 2026 is going to be different with this strategy 💪
  18. @nguyenvu14-: JAW-DROPPING GREAT VIDEO! Hit a whopping $200k today. Appreciate the analysis 👌👌… you had thrown on my journey over the last months.🙏
  19. @ShamalSutradhar-t2b: I was today years old when I finally understood this.
  20. @martinfamilyforever: I  would love to collaborate with you on my Money Money live show

- How to Keep Your Movers Happy on Moving Day | Tips That Save Time, Stress & Money: Kind: captions Language: en Moving day can be stressful, but here is something many people overlook. Keeping your movers happy can actually make your move smoother, faster, and less stressful for everyone. So, how do you do that? Here are a few steps to follow. First, be prepared before the movers arrive. Have everything packed, labeled, and ready to go. When movers do not have to wait around or guess what goes where, the whole day runs more smoothly. Next, clear pathways in your home. Move boxes, rugs, and obstacles out of walkways. This helps movers work safely and efficiently, and it shows respect for their time and effort. Offering basic refreshments also goes a long way. Simple things like cold water, sports drinks, or coffee can make a big difference, especially on long or hot moving days. Communication matters, too. Be clear about what needs special care, but avoid micromanaging. Trust the professionals you hired to do their job. And finally, if your movers do a great job, consider tipping. It is not required, but it is always appreciated and reflects good service. Want more expert tips and free moving quotes? Visit movers.com. And also you can email us at contact usmoovers.com or call us at 8663431243 to connect with trusted movers and make your next move smarter, easier, and more affordable.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoversCom: Have you ever tipped your movers? What made your moving day experience good or bad?
Compare licensed movers here: https://www.movers.com

- How To Manage Stress In The Moving Business: Kind: captions Language: en hey movers and shakers this is Jay Burnham from the seven finger move and Academy I want to know what do you guys do to handle stress what is it that you do to solve the problem of stress we're in a very stress-related business people who are using us tend to be very stressed out this is one of the most stressful businesses not only for the customer but for us as well so how do you handle stress how do you relieve the stress in your life and in your business well that is something we're going to talk about today right after this hi guys thank you for coming back to another exciting episode of the seven finger move and Academy glad to have you here let me ask you this what is stress I've come down that stress has basically built up for different things time money unfinished business and disorganization and quite honestly this organization is the supreme one of it all right you guys are gonna be stressed up because you have a lack of time lack of money you're disorganized and you've got a bunch of unfinished business and that's what stress is right so how do we solve it well the answer is really simple you solve those four things you get you if you figure out time you figure out money and you figure out you complete cycles of action and you organize that's what it really comes down to but let's get into the actual specifics right so first thing you need to do is organize yourself get organized put things in order put things in place make sure your paperwork is filled out and filled out correctly that you've done your book hoping that it is done start to finish and that you don't start a new cycle of action until you've finished a old cycle of action right there's this misconception that you can multitask and that has been proven wrong over and over again that multitasking actually does not work and does not enhance productivity all it does is it spreads you out and all these different cycles of action all of them which do not get completed and that makes a disorganized mess so the first thing you need to do is get organized one of the good things you need to do with organization is probably get yourself a good CRM for your moving company or your business get the one that's going to fit for you not every single CRM is gonna fit your business needs there is not one all-in-all turnkey solution out there for CRM s but there are three different CRMs that I find that are the best and then there are goods that get honorable mentions and then there's ones that are just crappy and the top three that I recommend is move gistic sand yes I am a little bit biased because I work for me just logistics and I'd like to set you up with a demo if I can all you have to do is give me a call and I will set you up with a demo if you don't want to look at logistics that's absolutely fine there's no worries no pressure no anything I would also then recommend looking at smart move which is owned by Luis Massaro which I'm sure you guys are well aware of and then the final one that I highly recommend is move it pro and again all of these serums are will are going to be good to organize your business they're gonna capture leads are gonna be able to help you with paperwork how happy would follow up etc so get yourself organized get yourself a good moving company CRM software system that's gonna be right for your business don't don't necessarily take my recommendation although I would love for you to do that get the one that's going to be right for you right time management you're going to have to set up time management right you can't be a work all day all day all day and not have any kind of personal life not have anything any kind of other extracurricular activities that makes for a very dull person and quite honestly a sick person you need to go out and get exercise you need to spend some time with your family and friends you need to be able to socialize we are social animals and that we require other people every once while around us if all you're doing is working you're going to estranged yourself from those who know and love you so don't do it make sure that there's some time management there so that you can cut out time for work cut out type or exercise cut out time for your family and friends right when you do that you're gonna feel less stressed you're gonna be feeling more aid agile etc so basically all I'm saying with the time management is organize your time right the next one is money management what I'm asking you to do there is to organize your money a one problem that we come into one of the biggest problems that stress us out is that we seemingly have a lack of money there is no such thing as lack of money you could always make more money right the problem comes in is when you are disorganized you have your time gets spread across all different facets nothing gets done and then when you don't have enough time then you then you start dropping cycles of actions that are critical to making more money therefore giving you the idea that you don't have enough time and enough money both of them are BS you have plenty of time and you have plenty of money if you don't have plenty money you could always make more money this channel has hundreds of videos let they'll teach you how to make more money but the biggest thing is is you need to start managing your money correctly right get yourself organized with a good CRM start managing and organizing your time and then you're gonna be able to manage your money when you start managing your money and you start playing money away you start putting it in the right accounts etc you're gonna find out that a lot of your stress gets dispelled gets blown away just from those three actions alone right but that's not all that's not all we're gonna do to solve this problem of being stressed out the second thing you need to do is you need to start finishing cycles of action you need to start finishing those jobs which are incomplete having a bunch of incomplete actions complete jobs incomplete paperwork incomplete disciplinary actions incomplete of life functions that is just going to build up and build up and it adds in more burden and subconsciously and really starts to weigh on you and starts to put on a big burden on your back it becomes that monkey on your back absolutely so what you need to do then is to once you've organized is you need to start completing everything out there that's incomplete do it one at a time again don't multitask go to one action that is the longest and most stressful to you complete that cycle of action get it done put it away they go on to the next cycle of action and complete that cycle of action and put that one away and do it systematically start with the oldest one first up to the newest one right that way when you come down you get to the newest one everything all your actions all your incomplete cycles of actions all your incomplete jobs all your incomplete paperwork is handled right and you need to organize before you do that because so you got to make sure you organize your time and your money so that you can then complete these cycles of action so before you can complete cycles of action you got to get in the organize so get in the organize manage your time once you manage your time then you can put the different these different incomplete cycles of action inside that time management and that's gonna make you more money it's gonna make you more happy it's gonna make your complete it's gonna make your wife or your husband or your boyfriend or your girlfriend or and your kids happy do those two actions that release about a good 80% of your stress related problems right so the next thing you want to do is when you're doing finishing them in complete cycle actions the next thing which is a part a of this thing is you need to set up on rules and processes and get that done you need to have the discipline discipline to put in processes that will actually solve this problem of incomplete cycles of action so you need to get into some rules that says nothing can be done until this is done and so and so forth and then put in those exact actions that will get those that in complete cycles of action done create checklists for that do whatever you need to do but actually put in rules and processes to solve that Inc that three you need to put in discipline not only discipline on your crews discipline and on people that are related to you discipline to all your vendors and creditors but discipline on yourself that is the first and foremost the objective here you've got to put in discipline on yourself you can create all the rules and processes you want you complete all the cycles of action that you want you can organize your business all you want but if you fail to put in discipline all of that is for naught so once you organize then you've got to complete the cycles of action create the rules and process so those cycles of action get done and then have the discipline to actually follow through with everything that you've done so far okay that is vitally important you've got to do that a lot of people don't miss that you know there's bunch of videos out there that talk about all this Airy fairy on your problems on that you're gonna have problems in the life things are gonna happen take responsibility lot of thing that's all great that's very ethereal that's that is definitely something you need to do but quite honestly don't give you the practical steps to actually accomplish getting stress off your back and this is what I'm attempting to accomplish with this video so do these cycles of action now what we're going to do now the next couple of steps is not necessarily handling in the stress which we're doing we're getting to getting rid of the stress what we're now doing is preventative steps we're going to do some steps that allow the prevention of the strip's to start building up again so step number four you need to do some sort of physical activity whether it's exercise getting out on the trucks yourself every once in a while cutting logs so you can burn wood you know chopping wood for the fireplace going out there and having a garden you need to go out there and do some physical activity and and strenuous physical activity you need to start increasing that heart rate you need to get that blood flowing you need to start really detoxing the body with all you know drinking plenty of water and sets you're eating right this is very important and this will help prevent a lot of your stress so my my suggestion is you go and start eating healthy start eating organic if you can grow your own food you should grow your own food if you can't no worries don't put that pressure on you you don't need to put that kind of pressure on you but just need to go start shopping better start eating healthier number five you need to start hiring people to do those jobs that you can't give 100% - you need to start hiring people and delegating what you need to get done that you can't give 100% - right if you can't do marketing then you need them higher marker if you don't have the time in your day to do SEO for your website then you need a higher and SEO specialist if you can't hire somebody to do something then you need to figure out some sort of way to get somebody in to do it go on try to find interns try to find college kids that are looking for pro folios getting real experience etc there are ways to bring people in to your business that you can then intern or a journeyman or any kind of apprenticeship things like that there are ways to get people to come in even if you don't have a lot of cash but you need to start delegating lead to start hiring those positions that you don't have the time to do right it's okay it's actually a better use of your time your money and it will increase your ROI in the long end the sponsor means you will have to course educate yourself on management and leadership but hey that's part of being a business leader anyway right so make sure that you are doing that and when you do hire these people make sure that you demand and you put in discipline on them to make sure that those guys do their job and do it to the best ability give them the authority and give them the room to do their job and come up with solutions to any problems that they come up with do not accepts problems form your employees only accept solutions they can present a problem to you but then they should also present a solution as well and maybe that solution isn't correct maybe that solution is the bs solution but you've got to force them to start thinking creatively start thinking in solutions versus problems when you hire somebody you're hiring them to solve your problems you're not hiring them to give you more problems what's the use of hire you know that and that seems to be a problem with a lot of us I know that I had that problem when I hired guys guys always gave me the problem they did not want to come up with a solution and that is not how you're supposed to handle employees you're supposed to give them the authority you're supposed to give them the tools and you're supposed to give them the room to do it on themselves be creative if they screw up the gonna screw up but know that you can also retrain them if they fail to retrain and fail to do it that's when you get rid of them and put somebody new into that position all right that is really how you handle stress guys it's not very difficult it comes down to those four items that I talked to you about time money incomplete cycles of action and disorganization so how do you handle that you follow the five the five steps that I have down here below and you should be stress-free yeah I hope this was good for you I hope that you got something out of it I hope that you can go out there and use these very simple steps to handle stress in not only in your life but in your business too so that you can make big blocks that you can make the big bucks and create the lifestyle that you created this business to have right because that's what's important if you're not getting that lifestyle that you started this business to create then you're not doing the job effectively which means you're adding stress how do you how do you get rid of that stress follow these steps very simple guys thank you so much you know that I love you what I would like you guys to do for me return if you would give me a thumbs up leave a comment let me know what if there's things that you do to relieve stress I'd like to hear some of the good ideas that you guys come up with stress relief if you're not subscribed to this channel I highly recommend you do it I do a video almost every single week and I try to do it as many times as I can for you guys so once a week I try to prevent a video sometimes I don't always accomplish that because I am a pretty busy guy myself but I try to produce a video so what I want you to do go to that subscribe and subscribe hit the bell and that way when I do upload a video you can be informed on your computer that hey James from 7-figure movie Academy just did a new video so go down there and click the subscribe button No thank you guys so much you know I love you I like you go and do something great today you

  Top Comments:
  1. @movingformoney [5 likes]: Do you find that you have a lot of stress in your moving business?
  2. @HuskyMoving [2 likes]: I've done alot of things in my life and I'd say that trying to run moving jobs is hands down one of the most stressful things I've ever tried.
  3. @howardwash3790 [1 likes]: Listen to Jazz music while you working
  4. @moversvillellc7311 [1 likes]: Great video Jae. Especially agree with the multitasking comments you made. There's nothing more stressful than a bunch of unfinished work on your shoulders (In life and in business). Reminds me of a book I read co-written by Gary Keller of Keller Williams called "The One Thing" . Great job here Jae. - Timothy Callahan
  5. @KodeeBanks [1 likes]: Hey Jae! That shirt looks amazing on you! Thank you for supporting TrifectaTEEs.com
  6. @howardwash3790: Great advice 👍

- Top Moving Fears Explained and How to Overcome Them | Stress Free Moving Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Moving can feel exciting, but it can also bring up a few worries. If you are getting ready for a move, you are not alone. A lot of people share the same fears, and understanding them can make the whole process easier. One of the biggest concerns is the fear of the unknown. People wonder what their new home, new neighborhood, or new routine will be like. That feeling is completely normal. Planning a little at a time helps replace guesswork with confidence. Another common fear is the cost of moving. Many people worry about unexpected expenses or going over budget. Getting quotes from multiple movers and planning your timeline early can help you stay in control and avoid surprises. A lot of people also worry about their belongings getting damaged. It is a very real concern. Choosing qualified movers, packing with care, and labeling your boxes makes a big difference in protecting your items. Some people fear losing their belongings during the move. To avoid that, take inventory of your items and use a clear labeling system so nothing gets overlooked. And then there is the fear of timing. Many people worry that everything will take longer than expected. Creating a simple checklist and setting many deadlines helps you stay on track without feeling overwhelmed. Finally, some people fear choosing the wrong moving company. The best way to avoid that is to do your research, check reviews, and compare quotes before you commit. Remember, a move does not have to feel stressful. With the right planning and the right help, you can take control of the process and move forward with Want more expert tips and free moving quotes? Visit movers.com. And also you can email us at contact usmoovers.com or call us at 8663431243 to connect with trusted movers and make your next move smarter, easier, and more affordable. Notice how the background and outfit instantly change. Your avatar is now connecting to Wi-Fi in a hotel. You can easily adapt the setup to match any environment or story.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MoversCom: What is your biggest fear about moving?
Compare licensed movers here: https://www.movers.com

- "I'm Fine" - Learning To Live With Depression | Jake Tyler | TEDxBrighton: Kind: captions Language: en Wow, hi. All right? How's it going? How are you feeling? That shouldn't be up there yet. Okay, um how are we all doing? Awful. Awful. Not you, what you did was absolutely fine. I'm talking about the the torturous engagement tactic that I just used. I hate that. When when the person I know I just did it, but when the person comes out and they start doing the thing and they ask a whole room, a whole room full of people at the same time how they're doing. Cuz the only thing you can really say in response to that is like ow or whatever you just did. And that isn't an appropriate answer to how you're doing. Uh any other situation, you know, I could be shopping in uh Woolworths in 1994 and um I go up to I'd see a mate in there looking at the Furby's and I'd be like, "Hey Gordon, you know, how's it going?" And Gordon just turns around and goes like that and just howls at the strip lighting at the top like some mad cityfied '90s wolf. I'm going to think, "What a freak." and just turn around, leave my basket of Pogs there and just walk off. Um But yeah, when I when people ask me how I'm doing, I say I'm fine generally and I think that's that's what everybody does. Um but for me that's not a real appropriate answer either because for me it's a way of deflecting the question. It's like a reflex. And deflecting that question is something I've got really good at because a lot of the time I'm not fine. In fact I live with depression. And uh deflecting people away from what's really going on with me is is just it's just what I do. When you get really convincing at pretending that you're okay, people just assume you are. Much like a lot of you thought there was nothing wrong with me when I first came out here. None of my friends, family, anybody knew anything was wrong with me until maybe a year and a half ago when I decided to tell them. I'd been secretly living with dark thoughts and self-loathing for you know, most of my adult life and um saying I'm fine and not addressing it and not letting anybody in is a is just a bad move, you know? And the more the things that have happened to me over the last year, the the more I've sort of realized that that's it's like putting a plaster over cancer. You're not dealing with anything. Last April was the worst time for me. Um I was living with a feeling I can't even describe. I still can't. Um I'll have to do now, obviously. Um but if I was to choose one word, it would be something like overwhelm. I remember lying in bed one morning and I was overwhelmed because I was trying to remember what feeling happy felt like. And I couldn't remember. And um I thought there's no point in living if I can't actually remember how to be happy anymore. I'd had suicidal thoughts before as everyone who suffers from depression surely does. But always knew I'd never really go through with it because of the the pain and you know, everything that would cause the people that were close to me. It's you know, what a great deterrent that is. I just didn't couldn't do that, but that morning when I lay in bed depression had completely taken over my thoughts. It manipulated and it had lied its way into making me think that ending my own life wasn't just best for me, but actually it would be best for everybody. Cuz that's that is what depression does. It overpowers you. It takes the wheel and it steers you away from everyone and everything you love and it takes you down a dark tunnel. And when you're in that tunnel, it hugs you and it tells you that this is where you're supposed to belong. I called my mom that morning, but it wasn't because I needed help. I thought I was beyond help. I called her because I thought that day I was going to take my own life and I called her to hear her voice one last time. Not only does this my mom love me, I think. Um she she knows me better than anyone and also she's a mental health professional and I think by the tone of my voice, the kind of things that I was saying she knew something really serious was up and and the love I heard in her voice, she um she managed to bring me back for a second and in that second she suggested that together we get me some help. And that's kind of all it took. I went to my GP the next day and I did something I thought I'd never do. I um I told someone I didn't know what was going on inside my own head. And after a little conversation about depression, he asked me a question I couldn't believe I hadn't asked myself. He said "Do you actually want to die or do you just not want to feel like this anymore?" I thought what an important distinction to make because when you're when you're in that fog, you cannot you can't ask yourself questions like that. My depression doesn't hit me like a sledgehammer out of nowhere. And neither does it leave like with sudden relief like waking up from a nightmare. It creeps in and then it creeps away again. It's like taking a painkiller for a headache. You don't know the instant your headache's gone. You just realize it's been gone a while. I realized I was feeling better uh when I was out walking the dog one day and I realized I'd walked the thing 12 miles. And everything just everything I just and I was perfectly happy doing that and it just felt good, you know? And this sounds weird, but everything looked normal again. All the colors looked how they should be cuz depression kind of lowers the saturation on everything for me and everything just looked good and it just felt good. It was like the part of my brain that had conked out 6 months before had just spluttered back into life and all these my excitement and motivation and appreciation of beauty, all this sort of thing had suddenly started to come back online. And I was beginning to remember what feeling happy felt like. And I put it all down to the walking. I put it well, not all of it, but I put it down to being outside and making that first step into talking and I and I had an idea. I went into town straight away and I bought a map of Great Britain and I sat frantically circling all the all the parts of the country that I thought um would inspire me to stay outside the whole you know, and just to kind of keep this good feeling going. and I thought in turn if I document that, then I might inspire other people who've been through what I've been through to to get outside as well. Once I'd circled all the bits of Great Britain that I wanted to see, I put a big line through them all and this route appeared in front of me. I'm like, yes, I'm doing that. I need to do that. Uh that was the easy bit, obviously. Um the hard bit wasn't getting myself match fit, which was really hard. You should have seen me. Um it wasn't researching and sourcing the kit I needed. It wasn't plotting my route to the end. It was was telling people what I was not so much what I was going to do, but why I was going to do it because it meant coming clean finally. All these feelings I've been so ashamed of for so long. All this stuff that I thought compromised who I am as a person. I had to tell them all. It was the worst thing I ever had to do. And the best thing I ever did. The response absolutely floored me and I couldn't believe the amount of people that were going through the same kind of thing I was going through and all of a sudden I realized that this was important. This is something I really really have to do. The name I gave my 3,000-mile hike around Great Britain was Black Dog Walks. 6 weeks later, I stood at Brighton Pier and just started heading west. All I had on me, ironically, were the things that I needed to survive. Um in a week I'd reached Bournemouth. In a month and a half I'd reached Land's End. And at this point it was all about promoting exercise and being outdoors as a way of managing mental health and raising money for the Mental Health Foundation. But by the time I got up to Wales, I'd been gone for so long the thing had turned from a challenge into a lifestyle where I would I'd found a way to live in the moment, serendipitous serendipitous encounters with strangers and being immersed in nature all the time. And having the feeling like you're living completely in the moment is like gold dust to a depressive. By the time I'd made it into North Wales climbed Mount Snowdon and then come back, I was getting messages from people all over the country. And I couldn't believe how open people were being about their own experiences and how much this was connecting with people and I noticed something really really interesting. A lot of people who got in touch with me hadn't actually told anyone else. I was the first person they were telling and they was like, "No one no one else can understand." And I remember having that feeling as well. Cuz everything in my life led me to my depression, that awful feeling. You know, the situations I've been in, the people in my life, the decisions I've made. Everything had just reached that one moment. I thought, "How the hell is anyone going to understand that?" And that was the thread that was running through all these conversations that I was having with people. They were like, "No one's going to understand me cuz I've been through this, this, this, this and this." And I realized it's not that's not what we should be talking about. It's the feeling itself. Cuz depression is huge. Like it's the biggest, most inclusive club in the world. Like anyone can join, it's evolving all the time. But, the its biggest trick is convincing that everyone who's part of that club that they're the only member. Isn't that clever? And everyone thinks that their stuff is the worst and no one's ever had it bad as me and all the guilt that goes with that and everything. But, that's because we're talking about the wrong things. We start talking about the feeling itself, then people can get on board with that. People know what that's like. And that's when things turn into a community. Last November, I experienced the true nature of community when I did this. I got involved in a BBC documentary where I and nine other people with mental health problems decided to tell our stories to the nation and run the London Marathon together. Initially, I thought it was just going to be a you know, something about mental health and endorphins and all the things I've been trying to sum up within the walk, as it went on, I I realized that running was the backdrop and it was more the community and the achievement and all these things that running led to that were having a real positive impact on my mental health. Movement is the word my coach, Chevy, he's that guy, uh uses instead of exercise, I think. I still don't quite know his, you know, how his brain works and that's why I love him. Um but, he uh but, movement sort of isn't just about exercise. It's about moving forward. It's about progression. It's about working on yourself physically and mentally and being there for other people. But, being in the documentary, I mean, I was communicating by, you know, doing the walk before through video blogging, but I had the kind of safety net there of of talking about it for, you know, talking into my phone on my own and having the luxury of being able to trim out some of the waffle that just some of the stuff that I thought wasn't necessary later on before I posted it as a video blog. What Mind Over Marathon told me to do, or forced me to do even, was to put an unedited version of myself out there. And that's when I realized what a great leveler talking about your mental health openly is. Nobody's above anyone else in that conversation. I think a lot of how we present ourselves is is run by ego and status and I think a lot of that it governs how, you know, the things that we do and what we say. A discussion about mental health seems to suspend all that and it levels the playing field. And that's great because it's a reminder that really we're all on the same team. We all have mental health and the more we learn about each others, the more we learn about our own. Whether it was talking to one of the guys, my coach, you know, Nick Knowles, Prince Harry, you know, I don't know if I've got a picture of Prince Harry actually. Oh, yeah, I totally do. It's uh when we announced that we were having our first child. That's libelous. That didn't happen. I didn't impregnate Prince Harry on the set of Mind Over Marathon. It's important that you know that. But, I love this picture because we we do look like mates and we look relaxed and that's because I'd had I've been lucky enough to have Look, Will photo bombing in the background there. We'd had this conversation, this 15-minute, 20-minute long conversation and I was asking him how he was doing. He was asking me how I was doing. It was real. We'd leveled it all out like and I didn't feel beneath him. Prince Harry, I'm on top of him. No, that stops now. That stops now. And breaking down the invisible barriers that society creates for us, barriers which make us question our place in the world, is just good for everybody. Talking about mental health is what's best for society because deep down everyone craves human connection. The walk's still going on. I'm I came down from Inverness. I've walked over 2,000 miles and after this, I'll be heading back up there to to finish it up at to John O'Groats and then head back to Brighton and hopefully finish sometime this winter. So, I'm not going to finish on that because it's not done yet. I want to I want to finish on something that I have achieved and something I'm proud of because I want to show that in the face of depression, people can achieve big things. And that's a powerful thing. This is something I wrote um the day after I ran the London Marathon and uh year after I lay in bed that day about to kill myself. As I approach the marker at mile 26, my body begins to feel heavy. It feels like with every step that I take, another layer of clothing goes on. By the time me and Poppy march past the Houses of Parliament, I feel like I'm wearing a suit of armor. And then we run. The last point two miles is harder than the 26 before it. It's almost impossible. 800 m to go, 600 m to go, 400. I feel like I'm running through water. 200. The crowds' cheer snatch me back into reality and I realize what's happening, where I am and what I'm about to do. I reach out and I grab Poppy's hand and do my best to hold it up, but I'm so weak I can barely lift my own arm. Our feet pound the road in unison, both knees strapped up as we finally cross the line in 5 hours and 52 minutes. And as my pace drops and I begin to walk, I feel strangely calm. I glide over to the people that have been there with me over the last 6 months. As I watch them cry and hug and congratulate, I take a step back and I make a promise to myself that whenever I feel worthless, whenever I feel worthless, whenever I feel alone and ashamed of the feelings I'm feeling, I'll play this moment over and over again in my head until it goes away. Because the feeling I have right now, I don't want to die. I want to live forever. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Soufianebaia-v8i [3 likes]: I was at my lowest, saw this video and everything clicked. started working on  myself, tried to get out of unemployement, tried to go back to school and approve my relations. here i am 1 months later i got 2 jobs, going bsck to uni next semester, lost lots of weight and feeling the best ive felt for couples years now. if anyone dealt with depression that makes u stay on your bed for days being sad well ive been thru this and for me the first step to being happy again was deciding im gonna do everything i can to be happy and (the most important thing of all) ONE DAY AT A TIME! Living and happiness isnt about the future its about what u do rn and what youre doing to make u feel better so take my advice, make yourself happier AND PROUD a little bit everyday and stop ignoring your problems and fix them at their roots. one day a time
  2. @williammaloney5478 [2 likes]: Hello everyone.
  3. @melayz6274 [2 likes]: Can’t wait till it’s over
  4. @kingdavidsama2865 [1 likes]: Repeat 100× within yourself.

I'm confident in myself,
I'm confident with my love,
I'm confident in my Name,
Im Confident in my spirit,
I'm Confident in my God, 
I'm Confident in my heart,
I'm Confident in my good choices.
  5. @pbwgodofdeath [1 likes]: Hey sad person, just know
The world... Really wouldn't notice when you go.
  6. @SoulMitraAI-b1h: SoulMitra AI is like having someone to talk to whenever things feel overwhelming,a supportive AI space where you can share your thoughts freely, feel heard, and find guidance anytime you need it 💙
  7. @rushikeshh_kulkarni: - NERVOUS SYSTEM REGULATION 
- VAGUS NERVE 

Everyone should learn about these two things I feel.

Anxiety disorder, panic disorder, ocd, clinical depression or in general stress-anxiety and other chronic illnesses, the above two things are really benefical for these conditions 👍

Type on Youtube 👇 

"Art of living vagus nerve video"

Or practices like humming, yawning, gently massaging ears, any other safe technique found on the internet.

And practice it daily.

Thank you so muchhh :)
  8. @hannahsavage9013: Lord Jesus Christ of Nazareth is the 100% answer.
He loves humanity so much. Just accept Him today and see your lives find new meaning.
  9. @SolidestSnow: Jesus loves you
  10. @jajahikmat5565: I am so happy that you got out of it 
But mine seems deeper and having no rope to climb back
  11. @zuhung98: Real ones know true depression is disguised as living a normal life. Thats what makes it dangerous. Even your 'closest' people couldnt understand. I just realised i made it almost 28 years with not a soul ever asking if i was ok. Reality of being a man. And these chicks get to cry every other day and call it 'depression'. I just wish one day i could feel what its like to cry from happiness.
  12. @danielyoung9767: Massive credit to stand up and share this
  13. @dr.haripandey: Poor genetics
  14. @dr.haripandey: You just want to have some happiness and energy you greatly envy all who are energetic and normal
  15. @dr.haripandey: End point is only
  16. @SimonFalda: Ale te muszanie sie do wszystkiego tez juz końcówka . Albo sie cos zmieni albo przestaje sie zmuszac a wtedy koniec bedzie
  17. @Staredits7y7: 10:12 huh I don’t get it I never think that I always think I don’t deserve to think the way I’m thinking I always say to my self I’m selfish and don’t deserve anything


Does anyone else have social enxiety?
  18. @tristanband4003: Depression is just something you learn to live with, especiall when you have Chronic Depressive Disorder.

Medication and psychotherapy help. Some days I even feel happy.

But, it's been decades since I experienced joy. I struggle to remember what that feels like. I do not think it will ever be part of my daily experience again.
  19. @anniebananie8140: I’m going through the phase of depression where I can’t eat much. I saw a psychiatrist for the first time two days ago. It’s been one of the hardest times of my life. But seeing that doctor was such a blessing because I thought I was never going to get better. I still have thought I’m going to stay like this forever.
  20. @Erin-f6o: Thank you for this

- What Trauma Taught Me About Resilience | Charles Hunt | TEDxCharlotte: Kind: captions Language: en What if I told you that you could overcome anything? There isn't a circumstance, a situation known to man that you cannot overcome. That you are indeed unbreakable. Did you believe me? And more importantly than me telling you, if you told yourself those things, would you believe you? I want to talk to you about a critical element of happiness, success, and overcoming obstacles. Resilience. And how it's built through some of the most painful moments. I'm not sure what the ideal route to a TED Talk is, but I'm guessing that my journey isn't it. I was born and raised in Oakland, California. Coming of age in the 1980s and its nearly 20% unemployment rate for blacks, systemic housing segregation and discrimination, education inequities, high poverty and murder rates, and the dawn of the crack epidemic and its partner, the war on drugs, that made historical criminal justice inequities even worse. Against that backdrop, I also came of age with a mother who would become an addict and a father who, though his listed occupation on my birth certificate says custodian, he was also a pimp. Despite their flaws and doing the best that they could in the situation that exploited the worst of themselves, I knew that my parents loved me to pieces, and I loved them to pieces. My mom had custody of me as we moved and settled into Acorn Housing Projects in West Oakland. It's during a 3-year period between age 7 and 10 years old that some of the most traumatic, yet vivid moments of my childhood would play out as my mother's disease of addiction took root. When I close my eyes, I see them all just as clearly today as they happened decades ago. Like the time I discovered my mother's boyfriend, eyes wide open, laying on the floor of a drug overdose. A discovery that discovery that initially paralyzed me in fear much in the same way that his body laid motionless at my feet as he blankly stared at the ceiling. Like the day my mother sat me down on my bed to read me a handwritten letter that my dad had written and sent me in the mail. It would be the first time I'd ever heard the five-syllable word incarcerated and learned what it meant. Like the day my grandmother, who took over raising me when we were evicted out of the projects due to my mother's addiction, received the call to inform me that my father, after being jumped in a prison fight, was brain dead. He would die later that night before I ever saw him again alive. Like the times I would later visit my own mother in jail. A hazy Plexiglas window separating us physically and emotionally, while also serving to remind me of the fate that my father met in those very walls. I felt the pain, the sadness, the shame, the solitude, the adjectives that as a preteen meet the clinical definitions of depression. Yet when I open my eyes, the worst of life couldn't take out the best of me, cuz I'm still standing here in front of you. Despite being truly disadvantaged, I stand here in front of you having overcome all those things and more. I would emerge as the first in my family to graduate college, earning undergraduate and master's business degrees. Then on to a nearly two-decade corporate career before starting my own venture. I've been from the projects to exploring a couple dozen countries across the world. From poverty to being the furthest from broke and broken that I've ever been. From tragedy to triumph, I have overcome and even already I have succeeded. Now, I could entertain and engross you in a fascinating story of how, but that's not nearly as important as a different question. Why? Why do I and others still succeed and flourish despite immense pain and trauma? Those people and myself, they aren't just strong or thick-skinned or good at compartmentalizing. What they are is resilient. You see, it's a constant in life. Nothing gives us immunity from it. Resilience is the capacity to adapt to negative change and recover from it as quickly as possible. note that I said negative change. As you typically don't need any help in coping with positive change. Right? You get the job that you interviewed for and it comes with a 30% pay increase. Or you find out class is canceled the day that you have an exam that you haven't prepared for. Oh, it's a bunch of A students in here, right? It's just me. Okay. Well, those are really good things. And so you don't need any help or strategies on how to cope with the good fortune. It's the negative things, the hurtful things, the bad things in life where our level of resilience matters. How we process, respond to, and act will have huge implications on where the story goes from there. Whether we succumb to it or we surmount it. But understand, to exercise resilience, some change in circumstances must happen. Must have happened. Some change in circumstances must have happened. The idea is to understand your belief system, your beliefs impact your feelings, your feelings impact how you think about things, and your thoughts ultimately impact how you act and respond. I discovered this truth not through some bolt from the clouds, some specific aha moment, but from going through and escaping my own hell as a youngster. There were some excruciatingly painful, gut-wrenching days. Days where I didn't even know how I was going to move forward, and the only thing that I could cling to was an irrational hope. A belief that tomorrow would be better than today, sometimes without even really truly believing it myself. But there I was, trying to make each moment better than the next. Today's better than tomorrow without sacrificing my future for today's pain. Even at a young age, and despite not knowing what scholars and researchers were already confirming, I was laying the foundation of resilience by using the most important resource available to me. My mind. I wish I could say that the bad luck truck stopped dropping boxes of trauma off at my doorstep when I was a kid, but life doesn't adhere to any delivery windows. Change comes whenever it comes. And for as long as we all live, after my childhood, I'd go on to experience the death of family and friends, job loss, financial issues, health crisis, all the things that life has a tendency to throw at us. To show you how much of a comedian God is, he gave me a breakup, heartbreak, and distraction to start this very week as I was preparing to talk to you about resilience. Like, really? Now? Now? So, what does trauma teach us about resilience? Sometimes we need to tell ourselves what to think when our mind starts telling us things that we don't need to hear. That you can and will overcome and succeed. And not just in spite of, but precisely because that with the proper perspective and a positive attitude we have power. That life is easier when you're prepared. And just because you can't plan for everything, doesn't mean you can't be ready for something. That perspective sometimes requires partnership and perseverance. And understand it gets hard and it's tough and it's painful. You get tired, you get weak, and when you don't know how to keep going, sometimes all the strength you need is the strength to ask others for help. That it's okay to acknowledge that I was a victim, but refuse to own being a victim. You get that subtle distinction, that difference between past and present tense? That gives us power. Power to change the way we think, power to change our circumstances, and ultimately power to overcome. Because of my faith, I've long been a believer that everything happens for a reason. Some reasons are immediately available to you, others take time to reveal themselves. As I was piecing together my talk, one of the central questions I kept coming back to was who am I talking to? I ultimately realized that I was talking to the adolescent me, the college me, the professional me, even the future me with life adversities yet to be encountered. The varying versions of me is who I was telling, you are indeed unbreakable. That you can overcome anything. But if you happen to find a little something in your eavesdropping to help you through whatever adversity you face, then I was talking to the adolescent you, the college you, the corporate you, the professional you, the future you, too. And more than anything, I thank you for giving my trauma a purpose. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ritasys7129 [5 likes]: In 2026, I thank you for the encouragement in my life difficulties. When I feel, like I almost can not go on. We keep on building a RESILIENCE and CAN OVERCOME ANYTHING!
  2. @nanasisilala [2 likes]: born in raised in the east bay, we are resilient people. i’m experiencing the most difficult year of my life and my grades are showing it. i came here in desperation on how to move forward. so glad to have found it in someone who truly understands and represents 🤍
  3. @LuxuryGoodsCo [1 likes]: Awesome!
  4. @michaelchavez384 [1 likes]: who got the answers to the questions
  5. @p-stax [1 likes]: "Yet when I open my eyes, The worst of life couldn't take out the best of me because I'm still standing here in front of you." 🙏❤💯😭
  6. @p-stax [1 likes]: So beautiful. Thanks for sharing.
  7. @jameskattampallil5397 [1 likes]: Respect
  8. @KidChatman [1 likes]: Thank you
  9. @Hunnyvibez [1 likes]: "Be prepared for something"
  10. @Hunnyvibez [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing
  11. @Hunnyvibez [1 likes]: Such a courageous story. I'm convinced now that I can too.
  12. @fienishiawash7572 [1 likes]: Raised in Oakland, West Oakland at that so I truly understand and respect your growth and feelings. So proud of the King you have become ,especially in navigating your future and dreams.
  13. @JoannaLugo-p7p9g [1 likes]: Thank you for this message and hope 🙏 my strength for the best self-esteem
  14. @laurenkuckelman701 [1 likes]: I'm an addictions therapist and I show this video to my class on "Resilience". I cry every time. This is one amazing young man.
  15. @emma-kateelliott6687 [1 likes]: Brilliant
  16. @sidelinekickznc [1 likes]: Blessing to all to received this message from this brother well God is good!!! 👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
  17. @DoctorCarrieHall [1 likes]: Good evening,  listening and applying to my life. Thank you!
  18. @michaelchavez384: bru im just here for homework
  19. @mepa4785: i dont like you
  20. @Dorothy-p1f: No, thank you stayed

- How changing your story can change your life | Lori Gottlieb | TED: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to start by telling you about an email that I saw in my inbox recently. Now, I have a pretty unusual inbox because I'm a therapist and I write an advice column called "Dear Therapist," so you can imagine what's in there. I mean, I've read thousands of very personal letters from strangers all over the world. And these letters range from heartbreak and loss, to spats with parents or siblings. I keep them in a folder on my laptop, and I've named it "The Problems of Living." So, I get this email, I get lots of emails just like this, and I want to bring you into my world for a second and read you one of these letters. And here's how it goes. "Dear Therapist, I've been married for 10 years and things were good until a couple of years ago. That's when my husband stopped wanting to have sex as much, and now we barely have sex at all." I'm sure you guys were not expecting this. (Laughter) "Well, last night I discovered that for the past few months, he's been secretly having long, late-night phone calls with a woman at his office. I googled her, and she's gorgeous. I can't believe this is happening. My father had an affair with a coworker when I was young and it broke our family apart. Needless to say, I'm devastated. If I stay in this marriage, I'll never be able to trust my husband again. But I don't want to put our kids through a divorce, stepmom situation, etc. What should I do?" Well, what do you think she should do? If you got this letter, you might be thinking about how painful infidelity is. Or maybe about how especially painful it is here because of her experience growing up with her father. And like me, you'd probably have some empathy for this woman, and you might even have some, how should I put this nicely, let's just call them "not-so-positive" feelings for her husband. Now, those are the kinds of things that go through my mind too, when I'm reading these letters in my inbox. But I have to be really careful when I respond to these letters because I know that every letter I get is actually just a story written by a specific author. And that another version of this story also exists. It always does. And I know this because if I've learned anything as a therapist, it's that we are all unreliable narrators of our own lives. I am. You are. And so is everyone you know. Which I probably shouldn't have told you because now you're not going to believe my TED Talk. Look, I don't mean that we purposely mislead. Most of what people tell me is absolutely true, just from their current points of view. Depending on what they emphasize or minimize, what they leave in, what they leave out, what they see and want me to see, they tell their stories in a particular way. The psychologist Jerome Bruner described this beautifully -- he said, "To tell a story is, inescapably, to take a moral stance." All of us walk around with stories about our lives. Why choices were made, why things went wrong, why we treated someone a certain way -- because obviously, they deserved it -- why someone treated us a certain way -- even though, obviously, we didn't. Stories are the way we make sense of our lives. But what happens when the stories we tell are misleading or incomplete or just wrong? Well, instead of providing clarity, these stories keep us stuck. We assume that our circumstances shape our stories. But what I found time and again in my work is that the exact opposite happens. The way we narrate our lives shapes what they become. That's the danger of our stories, because they can really mess us up, but it's also their power. Because what it means is that if we can change our stories, then we can change our lives. And today, I want to show you how. Now, I told you I'm a therapist, and I really am, I'm not being an unreliable narrator. But if I'm, let's say, on an airplane, and someone asks what I do, I usually say I'm an editor. And I say that partly because if I say I'm a therapist, I always get some awkward response, like, "Oh, a therapist. Are you going to psychoanalyze me?" And I'm thinking, "A : no, and B: why would I do that here? If I said I was a gynecologist, would you ask if I were about to give you a pelvic exam?" But the main reason I say I'm an editor is because it's true. Now, it's the job of all therapists to help people edit, but what's interesting about my specific role as Dear Therapist is that when I edit, I'm not just editing for one person. I'm trying to teach a whole group of readers how to edit, using one letter each week as the example. So I'm thinking about things like, "What material is extraneous?" "Is the protagonist moving forward or going in circles, are the supporting characters important or are they a distraction?" "Do the plot points reveal a theme?" And what I've noticed is that most people's stories tend to circle around two key themes. The first is freedom, and the second is change. And when I edit, those are the themes that I start with. So, let's take a look at freedom for a second. Our stories about freedom go like this: we believe, in general, that we have an enormous amount of freedom. Except when it comes to the problem at hand, in which case, suddenly, we feel like we have none. Many of our stories are about feeling trapped, right? We feel imprisoned by our families, our jobs, our relationships, our pasts. Sometimes, we even imprison ourselves with a narrative of self-flagellation -- I know you guys all know these stories. The "everyone's life is better than mine" story, courtesy of social media. The "I'm an impostor" story, the "I'm unlovable" story, the "nothing will ever work out for me" story. The "when I say, 'Hey, Siri, ' and she doesn't answer, that means she hates me" story. I see you, see, I'm not the only one. The woman who wrote me that letter, she also feels trapped. If she stays with her husband, she'll never trust him again, but if she leaves, her children will suffer. Now, there's a cartoon that I think is a perfect example of what's really going on in these stories. The cartoon shows a prisoner shaking the bars, desperately trying to get out. But on the right and the left, it's open. No bars. The prisoner isn't in jail. That's most of us. We feel completely trapped, stuck in our emotional jail cells. But we don't walk around the bars to freedom because we know there's a catch. Freedom comes with responsibility. And if we take responsibility for our role in the story, we might just have to change. And that's the other common theme that I see in our stories: change. Those stories sound like this: a person says, "I want to change." But what they really mean is, "I want another character in the story to change." Therapists describe this dilemma as: "If the queen had balls, she'd be the king." I mean -- It makes no sense, right? Why wouldn't we want the protagonist, who's the hero of the story, to change? Well, it might be because change, even really positive change, involves a surprising amount of loss. Loss of the familiar. Even if the familiar is unpleasant or utterly miserable, at least we know the characters and setting and plot, right down to the recurring dialogue in this story. "You never do the laundry!" "I did it last time!" "Oh, yeah? When?" There's something oddly comforting about knowing exactly how the story is going to go every single time. To write a new chapter is to venture into the unknown. It's to stare at a blank page. And as any writer will tell you, there's nothing more terrifying than a blank page. But here's the thing. Once we edit our story, the next chapter becomes much easier to write. We talk so much in our culture about getting to know ourselves. But part of getting to know yourself is to unknow yourself. To let go of the one version of the story you've been telling yourself so that you can live your life, and not the story that you've been telling yourself about your life. And that's how we walk around those bars. So I want to go back to the letter from the woman, about the affair. She asked me what she should do. Now, I have this word taped up in my office: ultracrepidarianism. The habit of giving advice or opinions outside of one's knowledge or competence. It's a great word, right? You can use it in all different contexts, I'm sure you will be using it after this TED Talk. I use it because it reminds me that as a therapist, I can help people to sort out what they want to do, but I can't make their life choices for them. Only you can write your story, and all you need are some tools. So what I want to do is I want to edit this woman's letter together, right here, as a way to show how we can all revise our stories. And I want to start by asking you to think of a story that you're telling yourself right now that might not be serving you well. It might be about a circumstance you're experiencing, it might be about a person in your life, it might even be about yourself. And I want you to look at the supporting characters. Who are the people who are helping you to uphold the wrong version of this story? For instance, if the woman who wrote me that letter told her friends what happened, they would probably offer her what's called "idiot compassion." Now, in idiot compassion, we go along with the story, we say, "You're right, that's so unfair," when a friend tells us that he didn't get the promotion he wanted, even though we know this has happened several times before because he doesn't really put in the effort, and he probably also steals office supplies. We say, "Yeah, you're right, he's a jerk," when a friend tells us that her boyfriend broke up with her, even though we know that there are certain ways she tends to behave in relationships, like the incessant texting or the going through his drawers, that tend to lead to this outcome. We see the problem, it's like, if a fight breaks out in every bar you're going to, it might be you. In order to be good editors, we need to offer wise compassion, not just to our friends, but to ourselves. This is what's called -- I think the technical term might be -- "delivering compassionate truth bombs." And these truth bombs are compassionate, because they help us to see what we've left out of the story. The truth is, we don't know if this woman's husband is having an affair, or why their sex life changed two years ago, or what those late-night phone calls are really about. And it might be that because of her history, she's writing a singular story of betrayal, but there's probably something else that she's not willing to let me, in her letter, or maybe even herself, to see. It's like that guy who's taking a Rorschach test. You all know what Rorschach tests are? A psychologist shows you some ink blots, they look like that, and asks, "What do you see?" So the guy looks at his ink blot and he says, "Well, I definitely don't see blood." And the examiner says, "Alright, tell me what else you definitely don't see." In writing, this is called point of view. What is the narrator not willing to see? So, I want to read you one more letter. And it goes like this. I need help with my wife. Lately, everything I do irritates her, even small things, like the noise I make when I chew. At breakfast, I noticed that she even tries to secretly put extra milk in my granola so it won't be as crunchy." "I feel like she became critical of me after my father died two years ago. I was very close with him, and her father left when she was young, so she couldn't relate to what I was going through. There's a friend at work whose father died a few months ago, and who understands my grief. I wish I could talk to my wife like I talk to my friend, but I feel like she barely tolerates me now. How can I get my wife back?" OK. So, what you probably picked up on is that this is the same story I read you earlier, just told from another narrator's point of view. Her story was about a husband who's cheating, his story is about a wife who can't understand his grief. But what's remarkable, is that for all of their differences, what both of these stories are about is a longing for connection. And if we can get out of the first-person narration and write the story from another character's perspective, suddenly that other character becomes much more sympathetic, and the plot opens up. That's the hardest step in the editing process, but it's also where change begins. What would happen if you looked at your story and wrote it from another person's point of view? What would you see now from this wider perspective? That's why, when I see people who are depressed, I sometimes say, "You are not the best person to talk to you about you right now," because depression distorts our stories in a very particular way. It narrows our perspectives. The same is true when we feel lonely or hurt or rejected. We create all kinds of stories, distorted through a very narrow lens that we don't even know we're looking through. And then, we've effectively become our own fake-news broadcasters. I have a confession to make. I wrote the husband's version of the letter I read you. You have no idea how much time I spent debating between granola and pita chips, by the way. I wrote it based on all of the alternative narratives that I've seen over the years, not just in my therapy practice, but also in my column. When it's happened that two people involved in the same situation have written to me, unbeknownst to the other, and I have two versions of the same story sitting in my inbox. That really has happened. I don't know what the other version of this woman's letter is, but I do know this: she has to write it. Because with a courageous edit, she'll write a much more nuanced version of her letter that she wrote to me. Even if her husband is having an affair of any kind -- and maybe he is -- she doesn't need to know what the plot is yet. Because just by virtue of doing an edit, she'll have so many more possibilities for what the plot can become. Now, sometimes it happens that I see people who are really stuck, and they're really invested in their stuckness. We call them help-rejecting complainers. I'm sure you know people like this. They're the people who, when you try to offer them a suggestion, they reject it with, "Yeah, no, that will never work, because ..." "Yeah, no, that's impossible, because I can't do that." "Yeah, I really want more friends, but people are just so annoying." What they're really rejecting is an edit to their story of misery and stuckness. And so, with these people, I usually take a different approach. And what I do is I say something else. I say to them, "We're all going to die." I bet you're really glad I'm not your therapist right now. Because they look back at me the way you're looking back at me right now, with this look of utter confusion. But then I explain that there's a story that gets written about all of us, eventually. It's called an obituary. And I say that instead of being authors of our own unhappiness, we get to shape these stories while we're still alive. We get to be the hero and not the victim in our stories, we get to choose what goes on the page that lives in our minds and shapes our realities. I tell them that life is about deciding which stories to listen to and which ones need an edit. And that it's worth the effort to go through a revision because there's nothing more important to the quality of our lives than the stories we tell ourselves about them. I say that when it comes to the stories of our lives, we should be aiming for our own personal Pulitzer Prize. Now, most of us aren't help-rejecting complainers, or at least we don't believe we are. But it's a role that is so easy to slip into when we feel anxious or angry or vulnerable. So the next time you're struggling with something, remember, we're all going to die. And then pull out your editing tools and ask yourself: what do I want my story to be? And then, go write your masterpiece. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @natalieduncan3791: This is we're I'm at on my journey of life 🎉 Ajusting the narrative bam!!!
  2. @maryana_pudyak: Love it with all my heart, so deep and clear, thanks a lot 🤍
  3. @cjadrien: Love this. Some of the best advice I ever got was, “Act like the supporting character in someone else’s story.” It has helped me to stay out of my own way and keep my self-centeredness at bay.
  4. @zigoto: Yeah, i mean, I agree, and you may see the "but" coming... BUT, this kinda implies that we have an absolute locus of control, which ain't true. Tuning up one's locus of control is a ******, but its not dialing it all up either. Some things do happen. And then you deal with em, yeah, but not everything was your doing and believing that is dangerous and painful.
  5. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Looking to me like, so
  6. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: 🙋🧠
  7. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Back time go or 🙋..bcz projection
  8. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Both male female understand
  9. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Hello story with working that place needed anyhow,so time will be Short, age
  10. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: At space distributed problem
  11. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Ohh can you before contact me 🙋, sound
  12. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Now time look sky sound, who am I 🙋💀👉🧠, tech support show future
  13. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: One poor boy death after all human talking about her encourage
  14. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Wife thief's u r 🤔👉🤸
  15. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Brain 🧠 waves check 🤔
  16. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: Human being if wrong do next time only sorry gives and then next time before like..its human behaviour 🤔👉💀🔫
  17. @PradyumnaGarnayak-q2t: How much money investment 🤔👉🔥
  18. @PrestonMathews-b9z: We are all unreliable narrators of our own lives
  19. @Creative-Moms.dzn4scss: ❤ ...life is about which stories to listen to and which to edit ❤powerful words
  20. @amanbodele1616: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- How psychosis bends your reality - BBC: Kind: captions Language: en when we talk about psychosis there's still that stigma even I say I had a breakdown somebody was to say somebody's psychotic you would instantly think that they're crazy dangerous mad sort of raving loony you know that's what we think when we talk about psychosis I never got for long walks and I remember waking up or coming to becoming lucid walking down topicort road and I'd be like what am I doing here sure was at home Timmons here I better go home and I'd start walking home I'd sort of black out and next they're gonna be two o'clock in the morning and I'd be walking through Camden by its so much energy but bee buzzing out of my mind everything became kind of visceral and to see the sunrise was like wow look at the Sun come up I'm at the start of everyone's day it's always kind of almost saying hello to everybody morning morning looking a great day so he all just became like I can do anything I can be anybody do anything people's own evil crazy people hear voices alright heard voices and it was clear as a bell in my hand next thing I remember was waking up on a locked ward surrounded by psychiatric patients and I was really confused as to why I was there I do remember moments but at no point in the last 30 years anybody really told me will explain to me what had happened hello I'm David Herold I'm here to collect some records Thank You Faye it's pretty thick it's quite a lot in here I think it's really important for me to find out what happened and why happened there is a very important part of my life that I really haven't been able to explain yes dr. Elena Jones is part of a team of Psychiatrists at Birmingham's Queen Elizabeth Hospital she's dealt with patients with psychosis for the last decade I'm hoping she'll start helping me put the pieces together psychotic symptoms are when people have experiences that aren't based on reality so commonly people will have to say hallucinations where they see or hear or feel things that aren't actually happening or delusional beliefs which are beliefs that develop without a fact behind them we really nice to sit down and talk to you about what I experienced the maybe you can explain to me what it was about it sounds fairly grandiose delusions there's things here about you talking for hours about a friend would buy you a wine bar which would be like the Garden of Eden yeah you could pluck a guitar out of the grass see there was something really extraordinary going on in my head and I was a great lover of literature so I think and as as an actor a lot of that was coming out in my sort of delusion I think the form of a didn't you have a psychiatric symptom is fairly constant but the content very much people bring to it themselves so they have changed over the years religious delusions used to be a lot more common when we were fully became such a secular society people would people today you meet people you've got delusions about social media this is the time when you're actually in the hospital in very unwell it's as suspicious and frightened and shouting I've got to save the boy so that's somebody who you felt life was in your hands but I mean that I don't understand her I don't know who that boy who first it might be me [Music] this was my local park this was it this was this is where we used to play from when I was about six first generation West Indian family probably the only black family on our end of the street we used to ride my first chopper shop a bike round here so climb these trees blood was fun it was simple there was never the brightest kid in the class I was never the most handsome so I guess in order to come for me to stand out I just became the clown I just became the guy who was funny and loved it at the end of secondary school audition for drama schools and got into Rada you know you were doing elocution lessons but suddenly you were being taught to say bath and not bath I remember my mom look at me now what's going on me you know something that's my son he's changing and I was you know I went there with a probably a very thick bill meme accent talking like that you know and suddenly I was talking like that and you know being very very posh and those final days at drama school the real world started to creep in my agent would put me up for jobs and I was always working but I didn't feel I was in control of it didn't feel like I was in control of my life I'm supposed to be young and having the time of my life as a young actor and the reality was I was away from all my mates I was totally alone I was really unhappy and that's not really the time to start smoking weed and drinking but I that's exactly what I did and that's when the breakdown started to become something completely different you

  Top Comments:
  1. @chloemdna [2 likes]: It's crazy that it isn't protocol to explain to people what happened after psychosis. When I was sectioned it was hugely damaging that they wouldn't explain why I was there. It made my paranoia worse and the most destructive part of my illness was just after I was released.
  2. @Josh_J91: There you go then all down to smoking weed 😂😂😂. They casually left that out the title 😂😂. People dont realise how strongly that drug (if smoked alot) can literally send you mental....
  3. @ch0ptLiva: Im fearful of everything at the moment
  4. @chasemarkmckenzie622: "Stooooooop giv it tumi"
  5. @Devilsviper: Humanity now irrelevant, call me evil if you like, but I just await peace, 48 years is enough. No more worry, no more doubt, no more paranoia, no more thought which comes from elsewhere, just existence and only that. Say that and you never even tried, y'know what, get lost.
  6. @Devilsviper: Im done.
  7. @althafmuhammad9182: Guys I still cannot completely get out of my foolish thoughts what should I do
  8. @user-ld2os9xi9e: Toma ácido vai passar 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 operacion mockingbirde 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 operacion paranóia algorítmica😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂. PS: problemas mentais são sérios é necessário procurar ajuda independentemente dos psicólogos e psiquiatras serem mais malucos que os pacientes. Todo o ser humano em risco de saúde deve receber ajuda.
  9. @patrickcoan3139: Hey David! So much respect for your sharing and the zest you bring to life. Thank you ❤
  10. @scottmckellar1157: Had psychosis since the 80's. Diagnosis pszchoaffective disorder in 2005.
  11. @Megha-rm8bh: Once when they hired me to work there HBO office in newyork city for 4 months but they thought I might get ahead in the life and career so they moved me to the Parsipenny New Jersey to work under a narcissist boss and people around. This is where the fallout started. 
They even hired a very old ugly Gujrati man with threes daughters of my age telling me he works in diamond factory and he will give me the diamonds. Then they hired another married man with a kid from India to take me to eat hashbrowns at dunkin donuts.
They made sure they keep me away from every single intelligent person so I could never become anything.
  12. @H.Alistair.Bar10: Trump has it but he is perfectly fine. He wants to conquer new worlds and get their oil. He gets to shine on the big stage and aligned his delusion with reality.
  13. @1953RCLR: More important  . How did you recover?
  14. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: They mock and abuse me and make fun of me because of my disability I want to be happy
  15. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: You don't know how you make me cry
  16. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: Someone gave me a chance to live a better life makes me sad
  17. @TiffanyWilson-r4m: I had this and I been dealing with it for years it makes me cry cause they try to change my diagnosis I know my self
  18. @danielmartins9901: J'onn J'onzz
  19. @AbundanceTribe: Allstate
  20. @nanrehsc: I can still hear myself but my head is progressively getting filled with thoughts that aren't my own. God is punishing me by making me a helpless vessel. But I don't know this god, I don't know if he's good and I'm scared he'll use me for evil.

I'm reading this and half of me knows it's insane, the other half, the one that's being controlled, believes this is meant to happen and i should obey the inserted thoughts until I become able to hear and communicate with god.

My mind is splitting into two and I'm losing myself.

- STRESS MANAGEMENT: KEEP MOVING FORWARD AND COMPARTMENTALIZING | Nesting Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] good morning or should I say afternoon anyways it's Joanna here from nesting story and I had a completely different video planned for today and due to let's just say a series of events I just don't think that that's the right video for today I am pivoting right now because I decided I need to talk about something that is a very Universal lesson and it is something that I will probably always struggle with but there's been a few aspects right now where in my life where I feel like I'm it's just I am being challenged to learn this so I wanted to talk today about moving forward keep moving forward and compartmentalizing this is my like Joanna chill out water right now because I'll tell you I had already decided to switch what I was going to film today and talk about this and then after that as I'm setting up I I have no tripod hence me like weird lighting and sitting here with my camera on a tiny tripod on my firl and then I went to go look for a light cuz obviously I'm not lit on this side and batter is dead from the portable light that would sit here so say I am just chuckling it's like comedic at this point of like the kind of day I've had so I wanted to talk about this something that I'm like I find especially in my 30s I am learning a lot about just maturing I'm maturing I am growing up I am learning a lot of life lessons I'm having a lot of aha moments and I think that something that I am being challenged with lately and continue to remind myself and try to do better about is um constantly keep moving forward and try to learn how to compartmentalize so I think it's a universal topic because I think whether you're a younger person in school trying to deal with obstacles or friends or disagreements or as an adult and you're dealing with children or um job situations or you know adult disagreements which we all have um it's something that's Universal and I love to quote I get this keep moving forward from probably my favorite children's movie and it flies under the radar a lot I love the movie Meet the Robinsons it's so good I believe it's a Disney movie and that is their whole theme throughout it is to not let the past destroy your future and to keep moving forward and to learn to let things go cuz things that are out of your control and crappy and that seem unfair will happen to you and it will happen regularly and if you carry that Grudge around all the time that person or that situation is winning so I love that I just love that concept I think that's such a great movie I think it's such a great lesson oh there goes my light cuz the Sun is going behind a cloud um so basically I talked a little bit about this on Monday's Vlog but we are going through a bit of a time with our twins um I would say we had hit a sweet spot and now we are into this like second phase of terrible twos which they're about to turn three so maybe it's the Trine threes that we're coming up to there's a lot of hitting there there's a lot of fighting amongst all four of my kids and one thing I was Finding I was doing was getting myself worked up every single time really like putting myself in there and thinking if I lay down the law um it's going to fix everything and the reality is it it wasn't and um instead if anything a I was like I was contributing to that that aggravated tension in our house and I was also exhausting myself it's it's it's amazing when you put out that kind of energy how much that can exhaust you and I was just I wasn't calm calm either like ignoring things when I could or um just taking a more chilled approach Sunshine come back um so there's that I'm dealing with that I'm getting a lot better I think something else I'm trying to not do while I do that is get very physical and lift Toddlers and things like that so it all is one um and I'm also finding that as someone who is trying to do a lot every day and run multiple companies and try to create engaging content and then make sure I am raising four good people for good loving well-rounded people um and then also making sure I breathe life into my marriage all the time and keep all my relationships and friend ship of flow I think that um it you have to be okay when there is a day like today that just doesn't want to go your way um like things things will happen and I like just little things big things but I think I am not saying you know get over it or anything like that I think what I'm learning in my 30s is to keep moving forward is to do two things to be able to move forward I I think you need to give yourself a break and let yourself feel it whether that's a good cry or if you're having a rough week or you're sick or something cozying up to it watching the series on Netflix or whichever and just maybe calling up a friend going up for dinner but like acknowledging that it's sucky and um letting yourself momentarily feel it I think that's really important I think if you try to just totally bypass it you're like pushing it down and um it won't you won't get past it but then I think you at some point need to say okay I'm not going to let that win I do I kind of feel like in some ways everything happens for a reason in some aspects but um or at least you can learn from each situation I've had a lot of crappy things happen in my life or to family members and things and I would I would never take those um learning moments away I think that those have helped shape me as a person and so if you can take the lessons from those terrible days or feel it and then like kind of hold it and then release it I think that those are two things that I've learned of how to deal with these situations I am also trying to not like have a kneejerk reaction to things as much as I used to whether it's something that's frustrating that's happened I want to like text Mike or something and my husband Mike and take it out on him or um you know confront someone or whichever I I've really learned to just stop and like sit on it for a while before you deal with anything so that's the other thing um now when it comes to compartmentalizing I've never been good at that I would actually say I am a very the type of personality I am and I think it really depends on your personality a lot is my personality I'm I've always been very good at letting go in fact I think I could do a little better with holding grudges in a way like um I'm a very forgiving person I would say and um but I'm I'm not good at compartmentalizing and when I say that I mean I'm trying to like turn my face towards the light here if you're wondering what I'm doing okay I've got another light going on here so I'm not like wrenching my neck I think that that is better than nothing it might be a little yellow hey guys this is me I'm like I just wanted to be real with you today I'm so sorry that this is like a bit of a wacky video but I really wanted to just like have one of those sit down moments with you I was just craving it I feel like I haven't had one of these um so for my personality I I've always been a very forgiving person I've never held grudges too much um but I'm I have a hard time with compartmentalizing and what I mean by that is if I'm stressed about something from work or have to deal with a deadline I have a hard time like knowing okay I'm going to be working on it tomorrow morning enjoy this moment with your kids right now I can tend to like Let It overwhelm me or mix the two up so that's something I'm really learning how to do um and that is something that I think we can all take a page from is just to kind of like almost visualize things in containers or I'm a very visual person but like look at almost like a calendar or you know a scheduler and just say okay like shelf it this is your time for your kids or shelf that situation that you're dealing with with your kids they're at school right now focus on your work trying to not let everything blend in together and that is something that I personally struggle with and I'm trying to learn how to do better with um I would I it's interesting cuz when I think about personality types I actually think M my husband who you guys all know he um he is very good at compartmentalizing very good at it he can really leave like a stress at work or something at home and then not really bring it home with him but he's not great at dropping grudges if there's something that's wronged him or that's upset him he a very hard time letting it go and moving on I think um another great example of how I've learned how to keep moving forward is when um when I was pregnant every time I was pregnant it's it can be a very very scary thing when you're pregnant in a way that you're really excited for this baby to come but every night before I would go to bed especially when my twins were pregnant but this was a little trick I learned from my previous pregnancy especially when I was pregnant with my first is that scariness of thinking like oh my goodness this baby's going to be here soon my nights are going to be so different I would almost go into this terrified Panic just before I go to sleep each night and then I started to realize how much sleep deprivation and when I'm tired and before I go to bed works against me and every time those kind of thoughts would move into my head I found peace by saying to myself you'll feel better in the morning and it sounds so cliche but is absolutely true anytime I'm really stressed about something nine times out of 10 if I can't seem to solve that problem I'm super tired and I often will shelf that problem until I've had a good sleep and tackle it the next day or see how I feel maybe it's not even a problem the next day so that's another little trick I've learned um to kind of keep my sanity when things get hectic or When Something's Happened and I'm trying to just keep my head in the right space I also am learning as an adult um this is kind of my motto and I don't know if it is just um examples that I've seen or if it's my own personal faith I like to lead by love so I try to constantly think what is the loving thing to do in that situation um and that is kind of how I try to lead my life that is how I try to lead nesting story and keep moving forward if even if there's negativity I think the first thing I think is about how negativity on any of my channels any negative comments not how I take it how that might impact someone else reading it who might be struggling and I try to make sure that I'm constantly making every decision out of love so basically what I kind of say to myself in my head on a rough day or a day that just things are not going my way is keep moving forward Joanna compartmentalize what can you compartmentalize shelf it and then lead by love that is honestly the way that is what I will tell myself especially when I can feel myself spiraling or making some bad decisions I try to stop myself and say those three things to myself in my head or loud sometimes when I'm home alone is are those three things and it often really works so so thank you for hanging in there and just sitting and chatting with me today with this perfectly imperfect video um about moving forward I would love to hear in the comments maybe some scenarios you've been through where you have been tested and had to kind of remind yourself to keep moving forward or if you're struggling in some area where that's something that maybe you could apply to your life or I would love to hear what your tips are to kind of keep that mindset and not let bad days or bad situations take you down I would love to hear your experiences if you like this video hit that like button if you haven't subscribed yet I'd love for you to subscribe and if you have subscribed thank you so much it means so much to all of us I'll see you guys soon bye

- How Movers Can Actually Rank on Google and Get More Jobs: Kind: captions Language: en Elevate. [music] Elevate. [music] Elevate. >> Hey, what's going on guys? It's Ethan from Elevate Moving Sales. And today I want to talk about something most movers overlook, even though it can genuinely bring in way more business without you spending a dollar more on leads. And that's SEO and your Google business profile. Now, I know it sounds like boring tech stuff, but it's actually simple and it makes a huge difference. This is the stuff that separates the companies who stay busy from the ones sitting around waiting for lead providers to send something that might not convert anyway. When somebody types in movers near me or local movers, they're not scrolling through pages and pages of results. They're clicking one of the first three companies that show up in that Google map pack. Those three get the majority of the clicks, around 70%. So, if you're not in that section, you're pretty much invisible. The good news is you can fix this, and most movers don't take the time to do it right. So, if you do, you're already ahead. The first thing you need to do is claim and fully optimize your Google business profile. And by fully, I mean every line needs to be correct and consistent. your name, address, phone number, website, all of that has to match exactly everywhere it appears online. Even small differences like street versus st or adding LLC in one place but not another can confuse Google. Consistency builds trust. After that, you need to load it with photos. Not one old truck picture from years ago. Add pictures of your trucks, your crews, your warehouse, your office. happy customers, whatever you have. People want to see a real company, not an empty listing. Then start posting weekly. Doesn't need to be anything crazy. Just finished a move from Dallas to Austin. Tip of the week, stuff like that. Google likes activity and you get rewarded for it. Now, let's talk reviews because this alone can completely change your call volume. Every move you complete should end with you sending the customer your review link and asking for one right then and there. Keep it simple and make it easy for them. And if someone leaves a bad review, don't argue with them. Just reply politely, apologize if needed, and move on. Google actually ranks businesses higher when they respond to their reviews. Just doing those things, optimizing your profile, posting weekly, getting consistent reviews, that alone can completely shift how many calls you get. But if you want to take it even further, that's where SEO comes in. And SEO is not complicated. It's really just helping Google understand who you are, where you are, and what you do, so it knows when to show you. Most movers have a one-page website that basically says, "We do local and long-distance moves and nothing else." Google can't do anything with that. Instead, you should have separate pages for each service. Local moving, long distance, packing, storage, and separate pages for each area you serve. If you're in Florida, something like Tampa Local Movers or Orlando Packing Services. This tells Google exactly where to place you when someone in that area searches for those services. And when you write those pages, talk like a normal person. Answer the questions your customers ask you every single day. How much does it cost to move my apartment? How far in advance should I book movers? How long does packing take? Those questions are huge because people literally search them word for word. If your site answers them better than everyone else's, Google moves you up. And on top of helping SEO, it makes customers trust you more. Because when people find a moving company that actually explains things clearly instead of using the same copy and paste nonsense every other mover uses, it immediately makes you look like the company that actually knows what it's doing. Now, the next layer of this is backlinks and citations. And again, this isn't complicated at all. It's basically just getting your business listed in the right places so Google sees your company everywhere and starts trusting you more. Backlinks are just links from other websites pointing to yours. And citations are listings of your business name, address, and phone number on different directories. You don't need hundreds of them. You just need the right ones. Places like Yelp, Angie, BBB, Thumbtac, House, moving company directories, even things like Chamber of Commerce sites if you want to get fancy. The point is you want your information to show up consistently across the internet because Google sees that and goes, "Okay, this is a legitimate company." And when Google believes that, you move up. Another huge part of SEO is content. And again, you don't have to become a writer. All content means is creating helpful information on your website that answers the questions people actually ask. For example, write a simple article like, "How much does it cost to move a two-bedroom apartment in Phoenix?" or "What's the cheapest day to move?" or "How long does a three-bedroom move take?" These don't need to be perfect. They just need to be real. Google rewards clear, honest content more than keyword stuff nonsense. And here's the other thing. The moving industry is so behind when it comes to online presence that even basic content can outperform companies that have been in business 20 years. You don't need to be a professional writer to beat competitors who haven't touched their website since 2015. Another thing that helps a lot is building out your service areas properly. If you work in five cities, you should have five individual pages, not one general page saying we serve everywhere. Google is extremely literal. If someone in Tampa searches Tampa movers and you don't have a page actually talking about Tampa specifically, you're not getting shown, even if you do moves there every day. That's the part movers don't get. Google doesn't know what you do unless you tell it directly. You could be the best moving company in your area, but if someone else has a better online setup, they get the call. And let's talk about load speed for a second. If your website loads slow, Google drops your ranking automatically. People click back fast, and Google sees that as a sign your site isn't giving a good experience. Your website doesn't have to be fancy at all. It just has to load quick, make sense, and give people real information. And here's something I tell every mover we work with. The companies that win online over the next few years won't be the biggest ones or the ones with the most trucks. It'll be the ones who treat their online presence like a real part of their business instead of an afterthought. Your Google business profile, your reviews, your photos, your site structure, your service area pages, all of that is modern-day storefront. That's what customers see first. They haven't even called you yet, and they're already forming an opinion based on your presence. And the gap keeps growing. The companies who take SEO seriously are going to own their cities. And the ones who ignore it are going to get squeezed out completely. It's already happening. We see it every day. So, if you're a moving company owner listening to this, the point is simple. Don't wait on lead providers to feed you. Build your own presence. Control your visibility. Make Google work for you instead of against you. Because once your SEO and your Google business profile are dialed in, you stop hoping for business and you start generating it every single day. And that's where the real freedom in this industry comes from. Being in control of your own leads instead of relying on anyone else. [music] >> [music]

- Explained: How to Hire a Mover: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in the next minute or two we're going to run you through eight important points for dealing with a mover we pulled all eight tips from the federal motor carrier safety administration which regulates movers let's unpack this one do not accept a verbal estimate uncle sam says movers must give written estimates we don't know of any limit on the money they can take up front so make sure you iron out every nickel from deposit to delivery two do not sign a document with empty boxes or blanks uncle sam says do not agree to have your shipment picked up or delivered as soon as possible the dates should be definite three take time to understand the mover's liability to you for losses and damage the baseline is 60 cents per pound movers must also offer an option for full value protection at an extra cost take a day to literally weigh your options four uncle sam says give your mover a list of high value items anything worth more than a hundred bucks per pound think expensive clothes or china five uncle sam says you have a right to be present when the movers weigh your stuff you also have a right to request a reway at no charge six confirm how you'll pay on delivery day ideally stand your ground to pay with a credit card because if something goes wrong you can dispute the charge seven we've seen horror stories about some movers holding people's stuff hostage in order to get their hands on more cash don't cave call uncle sam at 888-368-7238 when we called it only took two minutes to get an agent on the phone and eight demand a delivery receipt uncle sam says do not sign the delivery receipt if it contains any language releasing or discharging your mover or its agents from liability the feds go farther and say strike out any such language before signing if you have to complain we have a separate video showing you how you

  Top Comments:
  1. @moda-moji [1 likes]: Can you just say, “Uncle Sam says…” one time
  2. @NiobiumThyme: Very informative.  Thank you.
  3. @haileynichelle8343: Thank you for the tips!

- How To Prepare For Movers | Ep. 265 AskJasonGeliosShow: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] to this episode of Diaz Jason Julia show I'm Jason Julius Michigan Realtor I appreciate you tuning in to this episode uh this is a jam-packed episode where I'll be sharing with you tips on how to prepare for mover like a lot of information here um many people ask me this as well about how do I prepare for movers right you got your house sold or you're moving from an apartment town home whatever it is uh so I'm gonna go ahead and jump into these tips so the first part of this is what to do before the moving crew arrives and there are things that you need to do and this may seem like a lot however I assure you that if you just kind of put together a checklist even as you're watching this jot down each key point bullet point whatever um then you know you can ultimately just tackle it one tip at a time okay so the first thing is uh donate and sell items get rid of items do not keep stuff in your home they that you have decided you're going to get rid of and that it's not going to the new place get rid of it put it to the curb call the donation service have them pick it up whatever you gotta do just get rid of it next one is alert your neighbor so this is this is a courtesy thing to do right and that's just let your immediate neighbors uh especially if you're in an apartment complex just let them know Hey listen I'm moving out on this date uh and therefore you know there's gonna be a moving truck outside and it's gonna be a lot of hustle and bustle I really apologize uh I'll do my best to have them not block in your cars block your mailbox whatever the thing is okay just alert your neighbors and be uh kind in that manner okay now next one is find out if you'll need a moving permit I think this applies more towards if you're in a big city type deal or a city environment or even a small town and you're trying to move out of a tight area you may need a moving permit to have the truck show up uh because of parking issues and things like that so probably doesn't apply if you're in a suburb however it is good to find that out next one is hire a sitter so pets uh kids things like that small children I should say um you know have someone kind of keep an eye on a family member right keep an eye on pets and small children that way you can focus on what you have to do and that's moving and speaking with the movers about where things go or whatnot um have have a sitter in place have a family member that helps out with kids and pets okay um and then another one here is uh get to packing so if you haven't paid for the movers to pack your things which they usually offer that um at an additional cost I've seen it where it's priced per box okay but if you're not going to have them do that then um start packing okay there's no strong rule about how soon you should pack before you before the movers come just kind of do a little bit at a time and pack things up things that you're not going to use often uh if you're moving from one house to the next you can start in the basement and pack those items that probably are collecting dust anyway okay so make sure you have everything set and you label every box okay so wherever is going to the new place right if it's going in the living room Market add at least a couple different sides in case they're looking you know because everything's gonna be stacked in a truck uh label living room master bedroom bedroom one bedroom two whatever okay basement okay sometimes moving companies have a moving coordinator and you can actually communicate with them about the whole experience I don't think there's a lot of them um I know some movers that help seniors out and that's a little bit different because they actually coordinate with the the Aging adult the senior moving they coordinate them through every single step but typically you know that that would would cost extra for from a regular moving company okay so just connect with the moving coordinator if there is one and you know I'll ask them for tips and advice and things like that um I'll touch on this one so handle High valuables on your own don't this sounds terrible but don't trust movers to handle your jewelry your special coins that you have locked up uh anything else that is of high value or even if it's high set of metal value right uh family heirlooms and things like that put them separate and put them in your car on moving day okay now here's another one disconnect all your appliances now many times especially if it's a gas hookup moving companies will not disconnect appliances if you're taking appliances uh from your current space you want to make sure that that is disconnected uh before they show up and that you might want to do that the night before depending on uh you know your routine but uh disconnect everything to make sure that it's all set so that the movers just come in grab it and get it out of there okay another thing is uh when you're thinking about preparing your home for a move don't leave hallways clutter don't put boxes in the hallways keep everything where the movers can move around and easily navigate through your home and empty things out right put it into the truck um if you're moving in the winter and I actually learn this the hard way I uh you for one you want to make sure that your pathway is uh you know taken care of so that movers don't slip I had actually grabbed a box out of a home that my family and I were moving out of and I came out and I walked on the lawn away from the movers and I hit everything else salted and prepared but not to sidewalk and I slipped and that did not feel good uh I was carrying some some things that thank God I didn't break but they could have so um here's a great idea too is pack a first night box so what can you access right away coffee right when you're in your purse when you're in your new space you get all these boxes okay what box it's probably going to be a kitchen box and maybe a bedroom box with like your pajamas and things like that but uh pack a first night box a box that you need to access stuff to actually live the first night like I mentioned the coffee I'd want that going the following day uh so and then oh many movers and I've been asked this too about uh what do I do with hazardous materials and things like that okay many times movers won't move that because to put that on a truck especially professionally I believe you have to have a separate permit and the truck has to has to be marked and all that so things like you know gasoline things like that you might put that in your own car but just you know try to basically get rid of hazardous materials the responsible way versus trying to move them you know oh and the last one here and there's a lot of information but again you know these are valuable tips um that I put together for you okay so these are just things that you absolutely should be doing each and every one uh to prepare for movers okay before moving day um stop by the ATM take out some cash because if you felt that the movers did a great job you know tip them out you know hey thanks a lot you went above and beyond okay hook them up okay don't go overboard but just hook them up so I have a few things that you need to do on moving day and this is one be ready to host okay and I'm talking about a moving crew not guests um if you have if that moving crew involves your family and friends helping you out hey they're still your moving crew okay have a couple things ready have a clean bathroom for them to use especially if they're moving a lot of stuff and it's taking them hours and they're at your house for hours have a clean bathroom ready have some water have some snacks set aside a station fold out table little station uh you know grab some donuts whatever uh get some pizzas like help out these people especially if it's family members but especially your moving crew um you know hook them up so because it's not an easy job right now a second one is communicate clearly so I'm moving day communicate clearly you have to be there you should not be at the new place yet you don't go to the new place until the movers leave your existing space okay but be present chat with them regularly open communication there will be things that the moving crew asks you there will be things I guarantee it okay I've done it several times um and then do a final walk through walk through your space the movers are all done everything is good go through your old home maybe even one of the guys with the moving crew it just kind of guys or girls with the moving crew and just kind of look around like did I miss anything did I miss charges did I miss anything uh did something get spilled I should probably clean it up whatever the case is okay so just some final thoughts okay um moving should not be 100 stressful there's always a little a little bit of stress don't get me wrong you're moving your whole entire life from one space to another it's gonna be stressful but when you have a moving company it's so much easier and it's worth every single dime you spend I kid you not they do a great job and the best thing about moving is it forces you to purge to get rid of stuff that you don't need items that you don't need to keep anymore get rid of it if you're moving from an apartment to another space take photos of the apartment so that you have record of your own as far as um I don't know the condition of the apartment usually the apartment manager will come through and check you out but sometimes they don't sometimes they do it after the fact because they got a bunch of them to do that day right a week so just make sure that you know um you take some photos especially if it's an apartment and that's really all I have for this is just preparing for a move follow these tips to have a successful move even if you're not hiring movers if you're just having family and friends for one hook them up okay but even if you're having family and friends just follow these things okay um and if I went too fast for you you can go ahead feel free to rewind and hit those spots okay and make a list of these things too so I really appreciate you watching I invite you to follow me on social media I jotted those links down in the description and be sure to visit my websites that's it's all about the realestate.com and serving Michigan seniors.com I appreciate you watching and have a great week

  Top Comments:
  1. @nightcat124 [1 likes]: First Night Box Suggestions
Extension cord, charging cords for phones, screw drivers, and most of all - scissors or box cutters to open boxes.
  2. @beingbeardful [1 likes]: Thanks Jason
  3. @La_Spike [1 likes]: Great video! Hadn't thought of unplugging appliances.
  4. @doinglifewithdibs4643 [1 likes]: Great tips! Thank you!

- Hiring Movers: Qualities and Skills to Look For: Kind: captions Language: en in order to succeed at any level in this business you need quality movers but the nature of the business the hard work that they have to go do every single day it creates a challenge when you are looking for movers you have qualities right they're individual qualities as a person as an employee and then you have their skills of you know moving furniture and things like that right so what are the qualities and the skills that we're looking for because it's important as we go out and start to do our recruiting efforts that we have a criteria right and when you have this criteria it's going to basically allow you to just run them through a filter to make the whole process easy when you are looking for movers you have skills that we're looking for because it's important as we go out to make the whole process easy right they match the criteria or they don't match the criteria they move on to the next step in the hiring process makes sense so let's talk about the skills that movers have now they don't need all these skills but it's important that you identify the criteria and your criteria is different at different times you might be looking for just drivers right now you might be looking for just helpers and helpers that don't even have much experience that just can lump right it depends on what you're looking for at the moment so before you ever go to place an ad which we'll talk about you want to establish what your criteria is for what you're looking for now so that you can sift through everything quickly right so lumping right just somebody that could just pick up stuff and move it right and there's nothing wrong with that because if you have a cooperative helpful uh you know lumper with good qualities which we'll talk about in a minute that listens that's coachable you could put two of them with a well-qualified driver right crew chief and you're good right so let's just talk about i'll just run through all these different skills loading right loading is something totally different to be able to load a truck is a is a learned skill it's not something that someone just knows how to do naturally to be able to you know come into a truck and identify the furniture that you have and you know come in and start to build out the base if you have an attic what to put in the attic right what you can't stack on top of other things what to do with the mirrors what to do with the flat screen tvs right do they put them in between mattresses how are they strapping it it's a learned skill to load a truck but you really only need one person on a job that's skilled at loading a truck packing right packing dishes packing china packing stereo equipment all kinds of packing an additional skill assembling disassembly and reassembly right the ability to go in and disassemble a bed reassemble a bed take the mirror off the dresser whatever it might be and inventory ing not really a word but you get it inventorying to be able to go in and do an inventory of the items so whether it's a long distance job or a storage job you're going to be doing an inventory of everything right so whether you're doing it electronically or whether you're doing it with a inventory sheet and the role of stickers to where you're stickering an item and writing down what it is and then writing down the condition that it's in if it's worn if it's scratched all of that that's a skill right and this is obviously stuff that you can teach but you need to identify what your criteria is going into the hiring process padding right being able to pad a dresser being able to pad a chair estimating right if you're doing any type of flat rate if you're doing any type of long distance move if you're doing anything that's not basically like an hourly rate then you need someone on that job that's going to be able to go out there and estimate how long it's going to take before they start the job so let's say you give somebody a um you know your inventory list right and it needs to be broken down by room for this exact purpose right you've done an inventory whether it was an on-site estimate or whether it was over the phone and your whole estimate is based off that inventory well you want someone and basically walk around the house with your inventory go to each room and say yeah this is about right this is going to take us eight hours right otherwise you have no you know basis for for revision um you know you want someone out there that's that's your eyes and ears that could estimate the job creating you know creating is a whole nother skill you could have your entire company with nobody that knows how to create and outsource it every time which is totally cool right but it is another skill that you know if somebody comes to the table and they know how to create well there's you know an additional service that you could be you know charging extra for so if you don't know what crating is creating is basically taking very fragile items let's say a chandelier right and you basically build uh you know a whole box for the chandelier to where the chandelier is hanging at the top of the box and it's boxed in right or you're creating glass all done typically with wood so it's a very um carpenter type thing to do and you know we didn't really have you occasionally we'd have somebody in a city that knew how to do it or a long-distance driver that was good otherwise we outsourced that to somebody else but it is a skill driving right do they know how to drive the truck do they have a clean driving record and communicating somebody and it doesn't always have to be the driver has to be able to communicate with the customer right has to be able to go over the contract go over the paperwork collect payment um you know discuss where do they want things they somebody needs to have good communication skills so these are the skills and guys let me know if i missed something too down below um if i missed any skills here but these generally are the skills that we look for uh in a mover doesn't mean that the people that you hire have to have these skills we'll get to that in a minute so now we want to look at qualities right as an individual what qualities do they have and these are really pretty simple right i mean you don't have too high of expectations or at least i don't and maybe i've seen people that do have really really high expectations which could be making it much more challenging to find guys and keep them there consistently they need to be respectful right to you and the customer good hygiene right just good hygiene you know some people i i talked to somebody uh not too long ago says they need to be clean cut uh no facial hair and i i can understand the you know the logic there however you know facial hair is kind of like the new men's you know more more than half the guys you see it might even be more have beards right so to like you know say that your movers can't have that you're just eliminating more possible good recruits that you could have working for you helpful simple they just need to be helpful again to the company and to the customer cooperative with the customer with their other teammates on the truck right with dispatch cooperative they need to be a team player right they need to there's no way one guy could go out and do it all right he's gonna have to have at least one more person if not two three four five six whatever it might be but typically between two and three per crew they have to be a team player right they have to know how everyone on that crew is going to play their part to have a successful move for the customer and physically capable i'm not even going to say strong just physically capable to they don't have to put a dresser on their shoulder and walk down the street with it right there i have another person to lift that with them there are hump straps right they don't need to be able to carry all the boxes there's dollies for that but they need to be physically capable to do their part of it right you don't need big jacked guys you need you know physically capable but that are mindful to not bang into walls right that are not dragging stuff on the floor they're just physically capable they're reliable right they're gonna show up right i mean that's it's hard to know that in an interview but you know that's what you're you're looking for and they're coachable right the same way that you you know coach your sales team to improve right those of you in moving sales academy like the process of enhancement training and and taking them through that process and making them better you do that with your movers as well you know just hire them throw them a shirt and say you know either go you know swim or sink you want to be able to coach them on the things that they need improvement with and so whether that's um you know let's say you you established that a particular set of movers or particular one one mover is causing a certain type of damage you want to be able to retrain them and coach them on that let's say you're getting some feedback from customers on the way that they're handling certain things you want to be able to coach them on that to help them improve but if they're just not willing to listen and they know it all you know it's going to be really tough unless they're perfect and don't make mistakes for you to work with that individual right all right so now these are the qualities that we're looking for right we've got the skill set and we've got the qualities all right let me know down below if there's more qualities you're looking for i'd love to hear about it uh let's get the discussion going but now as we bring in applicants all right this is the mover applicant quadrant there's four types of applicants that are going to be coming in and we're going to talk about you know getting the applications and running through the whole process in a minute but i'm just kind of laying the groundwork here to simplify this right because you know sometimes we we everybody's guilty of it some we make things bigger and more complicated in our minds than they need to be and if we're able to just kind of take things and lay them out and it's just step step step one foot in front of the other if this then that you guys hear me talk so much about process process process because when you have that it takes all the mental trying to figure every little thing out every single day and you just essentially hit start on the process and run it step step step step step right so we want to understand what our criteria is and the four types of movers that are going to be applying so the first type is experienced they've got the skills as a mover and they've got good qualities right so you know you're interviewing them you determine that they have the skills they know how to pack they know how to load a truck they know how to do it all and their qualities are great right they have a great personality they've got good hygiene they're reliable they're respectful in the interview that's type one all right we all know everybody's like yeah i want that right that is that's the one you want right then you got type two they are inexperienced so they don't have the skills of a mover right they've never loaded a truck they've never packed a box they've never padded anything but they have good qualities as an individual right they're reliable they're coachable you know they're eager to learn right that's type two then you've got type three they're experienced but bad qualities right and this is the trap that a lot of companies fall for because they put experience and skills over quality and personality and i say that like as doing it myself for years you get the you get the resume in or a resume application in right and they're like oh they worked here they worked there they worked here they worked there all moving companies are like oh jackpot right but just because they have experience at another moving company does not mean they're a good fit for your business you probably have these guys right now today out on a job that you really would like to get rid of because they're the know-it-all you know i i've worked for every major company i you know i've been doing this my whole life but as an individual as an employee the qualities aren't there right then you've got inexperienced no skills right no skills they don't they don't have the skills to be a mover but they have good qualities they're a good guide or a good person wow you know this is great for the interview but you're like hey are you willing to learn right we can train you right because in in the interview you want to basically you know you don't want to make somebody feel like they have to have the skills because then they're going to lie to you about having the skills and then when you put them to the test they won't and that kind of creates a uncomfortable situation so you want to make them feel like it's okay that they don't have the skills because you're willing to train them but if they're like yeah no this this sounds like more work than i really want to put in right okay so now we've got our four types all right and you probably guessed it already but type one you hire immediately right they come in they're an applicant you do an interview you establish they're a type one hire done type two hire and train right in other words they're not experienced with moving so what right so what you don't need them to be a crew chief you don't need them to be the foreman right you need them to go out and we'll talk about how to get how to get them into the rotation as well but if they're eager to learn and then they're a great individual they're respectful they're coachable they're reliable they have good hygiene right hire them and train them type three they come in add them to your mover database okay we'll talk about that in a minute but you know your mover database is basically a place where you're going to keep all of the information of all the applicants that come in to where when you're in a pinch when you're in a situation where you need somebody and you might be willing to put up with you know the bad qualities because you just need someone with experience for a busy weekend or for a certain job that you could call on that person but that's not your first pick or second to come in for the company right because we all know the bad qualities that's what causes more problems with customers than lack of skill right i've seen more problems caused by attitudes of movers than even damage uh to the furniture right type four keep looking right in other words type 4 comes in you know maybe you establish that there they'd be a great salesperson or something like that right don't don't force the situation the idea is to keep the door road you know keep it revolving keep people coming in to where you don't have to settle and you don't try to have to force people into certain positions but you know if they're give great qualities and you're like hey i could use in this other role great but otherwise keep looking all right so that's your uh your quadrant right so whoever is doing your hiring show them give them this and say look this is what's going to come in the door right and i want you to establish what type they are so that we can make a decision moving forward and we don't have to over analyze each and every person and we don't end up giving the wrong people an opportunity that's going to come back and bite us hey my friend before you go you've got to hurry and watch the next few videos over here they will absolutely help you take your moving company to the next level go watch them now and i'll see you over [Music] there

  Top Comments:
  1. @ivymedina8542: Thank you so much,Luis this video,  is exactly what I needed to hear,   I cant find #1,  I have a # 3 and and as u say I can't have this person because this person is extremely experienced but very rude to me to my customers.. how do I find #1 , with out looking at me different than if it where a man hiring them 🤔...I've hired different guys all think I'm ignorant because I'm a female ...and don't respect  and as u say a know it all , I'm hoping I can go to ur next seminar I was not able to make this last one u had in California,  thats where I'm at , thank you so much for this video calmed me and and gave me clarity ♥ 💯🙏 on what I need to do ..
  2. @ivymedina8542: 🙏🙏💯👍
  3. @RJames-sk6yo: Very helpful. Im doing my first round of interviews this week and this just took the stress out of it
  4. @greenmidas981: Do you have any videos about How to find the right facility/location to acquire
  5. @fouadbenqadi: Thanks Louis!
  6. @fouadbenqadi: Thanks Louis!
  7. @surgeb9150: How would you find out if the potential mover is Type 1 ?

- The mounting economic challenges weakening the job market: Kind: captions Language: en >> Welcome to the news are. The U.S. Economy added a modest 50,000 jobs last month, below expectations and capped the weak est year since the pandemic. >> A big drop from the 2 million created in 2024. Layoffs remain low and hiring is steady and the unemployment rate ticked to 4.4 percent. Today the president said it was an amazing report showing the strength of private hiring and said any overall weakness was due to the government shutdown this past fall. But as Paul Solman reports, at all points to a soft jobs market that is adding 100,000 fewer jobs a month compared to 2024. >> 2025 over. Headline for the job market -- >> Weak, not creating very many jobs. >> An economist as if you look back to the start of president trump's tariff regime, what the president called liberation day. >> The economy has not been able to create any jobs. The job growth we are getting very narrowly concentrated in the health care sector, and hospitality but I will tell you we are seeing job loss and no job creation. >> Just about all the new jobs created last month, were in health care, social assistance and hospitality. No change or loss is pretty much everywhere else. Also in today's report, downward revisions to the jobs created in previous months. >> Subtracted another 70,000 jobs from payrolls. And this is not the end of it. There are a lot more revisions coming. And everything suggest they will show even weaker job markets. >> So, the job market since last January? >> Came into the year doing well, 175k, but since the spring, liberation day, it has flatlined and there has been no job growth. Some months up and some months down. Going nowhere fast. >> While layoffs have been modest, there hiring. >> I know the foot, February 10, 2025. >> This 28-year-old lost her job as a social media director a year ago. A professional with 15 years of experience, she has been looking for 11 months. >> The job search emotionally is incredibly stressful. It is, it can take you from the highest of highs to the lowest of lows. >> How many jobs do you think you have applied for either very seriously or at least somewhat seriously? >> Last I checked, I believe I was at 860 something. >> How many times have you got an interview of those 860? >> In the last 11 months, I have had, I think I've interviewed with -- maybe nine or 10 companies. >> She's one of black -- one of many black Americans the labor market has been hammering. The black unemployment rate is seven point 5%, above the record low in 2023, in nearly double the white unemployment rate. >> It can't be explained by a lack of education or lack of willingness. >> Andre Perry studies race and economics at Brookings. >> It is a phrase we have heard since I can remember last hired, first fired and it is a phrase known too well by black and brown people. That black workers are disproportionately impacted by economic downturns. >> And what about the trump administration's anti- dei keep campaign? Have you felt the effects of the anti-dei backlash? >> Yes. And that is what a lot of us are feeling. It's almost demoralizing aspect of all of this, because we know that we are qualified. >> Another cohort feeling the current crunch -- the young. >> I have been applying actively applying for over a year now. >> A process that started long before 22-year-old angel graduated college last month, with degrees in finance and management. How many jobs have you applied to in the last six or seven months and how many interviews have you had? >> I've applied I want to say to a little over 100 positions over the last six or seven months and I've gotten probably less than 10 interviews. >> What your friends doing if they cannot get a job? >> A love people are turning back to applying for a masters degree to get more experience on the resume so they can go find a job. >> Hide out from the job market. >> Exactly. >> The unemployment rate, for Americans younger than 25, 10 .4%. More than double the overall rate and up from 6.6% in 2023. >> We are see job postings down 15% compared to last year while the class of 2026 is submitting 23 applications per full time job which is up 8% compared to last year. >> Christine works with college students to help them get jobs. >> There are less jobs and more people applying for those jobs. That leads to more competition and a feeling of anxiousness among our early candidates. >> How much is due to A.I.? >> We employees either just decide to cut headcount or slow down hiring, because they're trying to figure out whether they need to allocate some of that money towards the use of A.I. Adoption, which cost, has costs to it, or they are trying to figure out in the future, could I continue to grow my business? >> It is not just A.I. >> There's also government influence and pressure. There is interest rates, there is tariffs. All of those pieces are coming together and kind of converging at a moment where it's impacting the numbers. >> One number on everyone's mind -- the federal funds rate. And what today's report means for interest rates. >> Not creating any jobs and unemployment is moving in the wrong direction, there is no hiring. All of that adds up to reasons for the fed to continue to cut rates one more perhaps two or three more times in early 2026. >> The feds meets later this month >> One other story tied to the jobs report come up trump disclose some of the key data on the truth social post last night. Well in advance of today's release. The president posted the chart focusing on growth in the private sector, matching in part what came out publicly this morning. The jobs data is typically highly guarded until it's released because it can move markets. T white house as it was "An inadvertent public disclosure and it would review protocols."

- Birmingham Festival Theatre to relocate due to financial challenges: Kind: captions Language: en APPOINTED JUDGE LARISHA K SPEARMAN TO TAKE HIS PLACE. ALABAMA’S OLDEST BLACK BOX THEATER IS LEAVING FIVE POINTS SOUTH, BUT NOT WITHOUT CELEBRATING ITS HISTORY. WVTM 13 S BRYCE OLSON JOINED PEOPLE AT AN EVENT TODAY HONORING THE THEATER’S LEGACY. THE NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION IS RUN MOSTLY BY VOLUNTEERS, AND THEY SAY THEY’RE MOVING DUE TO FINANCIAL REASONS. PART OF THE THEATER COMMUNITY SINCE 2004. I’VE BEEN SEEING PRODUCTIONS HERE FOR AS LONG AS I CAN REMEMBER. FOR MORE THAN 50 YEARS. THOUSANDS HAVE ENJOYED PRODUCTIONS AT THE BIRMINGHAM FESTIVAL THEATER. DALLAS FIELD SAYS HE’S NO STRANGER TO THE VENUE. MY FAVORITE SHOW THAT I’VE SEEN HERE IS THE SAVANNAH DISPUTATION. IT WAS PROBABLY CLOSE TO SEVEN OR SO YEARS AGO. THE THEATER PLANS TO MOVE FROM FIVE POINTS SOUTH AFTER YEARS OF ENTERTAINING THE COMMUNITY. TO BE HONEST, IT’S A PRODUCTION COSTS ARE HIGH, RENTS, HIGH BILLS ARE HIGH, AND IT’S NOT SUSTAINABLE FOR US TO BE IN FIVE POINTS ANYMORE. FIELDS SAYS HE PLANS TO SUPPORT THE NONPROFIT WHEREVER THEY GO. I THINK THIS IS JUST A GOOD CELEBRATION OF THEM ACTUALLY MOVING FORWARD. AT THIS TIME, THE THEATER HAS YET TO ANNOUNCE WHERE THEY PLA

- Cleveland Clinic to lay off more than 100 employees, citing 'financial challenges': Kind: captions Language: en 3 News learned just hours ago that Cleveland Clinic is laying off more than 100 employees because of what it calls financial challenges facing the healthcare industry. In a statement, they told us the cuts are not specific to one department, but it affects administrative manager roles in non-clinical areas. The clinic says this impacts 114 caregivers out of a total of 83,000 across the organization. Those affected can apply for other jobs at the clinic or take a severance package.

- 1 MINUTE AGO: New Reports Detail Harry's $25 Million Challenge — Massive Financial Pressure Surfaces: Kind: captions Language: en A $25 million figure now frames the immediate financial and legal landscape for Prince Harry. This sum is central to a London courtroom proceeding that could either validate his strategic decisions of the past 6 years or result in a financial liability with significant long-term implications. Crucially, this specific legal action represents just one component of several converging pressures now impacting the Duke of Sussex in early 2026. To grasp how an individual born in to immense inherited wealth and institutional protection could now confront a potential financial destabilization, it becomes necessary to review the initial choices that led to this trajectory beyond the public narrative. When Prince Harry and Meghan, the Duchess of Sussex, withdrew from their senior royal duties in January 2020, they undertook a course of action almost unparalleled in modern British royal history. Their stated intention was essentially, "We will generate our own income. We will not rely on the institution. We will construct a new enterprise." This was a bold move. Indeed, it was largely unprecedented. And in its early stages, it appeared to be a viable path. Within months of their departure, the couple secured what was then described as a landmark content agreement with Netflix. The reported valuation stood at $100 million, a nine-figure arrangement with one of the most influential streaming platforms globally. To external observers, this seemed to confirm that the Duke and Duchess had successfully leveraged their royal standing into a commodity the entertainment sector would remunerate generously. Subsequently, Spotify entered the picture with another significant deal involving another prominent brand. That particular contract was estimated to be worth between $20 million and $25 million contingent on the specific reporting sources. Between these two agreements alone, the Sussexes had on paper accumulated over $100 million in potential earnings from their creative endeavors. Then, a gradual shift began, initially subtle, then rapidly accelerating. The Spotify agreement was terminated in 2023 after the couple delivered merely 12 episodes of Meghan's Archetypes podcast. That was the entirety of the output against a contract valued in the tens of millions. This dissolution was notably public. Bill Simmons, Spotify's head of talk content, asserted on his own podcast that the couple were, in his direct terms, "fucking grifters." This was not an anonymous disgruntled source circulating rumors to a tabloid. This was a senior executive at a major global audio platform publicly expressing frustration over a multi-million dollar investment that had yielded minimal discernible value. This Spotify incident resonated throughout Hollywood. It reached executive boardrooms. It influenced how studio leadership perceived the Sussex brand, thereby setting the precedent for subsequent developments. On the Netflix front, the couple's documentary Harry and Meghan, released in late 2022, served as their flagship endeavor. It achieved its objectives, generating substantial viewership figures, considerable controversy, and widespread discussion. This was precisely the kind of content Netflix had anticipated when establishing the partnership. However, reports indicated that Netflix believed it had extracted maximum value from the couple. And when the original agreement concluded in 2025, it was not renewed in its initial form. The $100 million Netflix deal recently expired in 2025, as Desert News reported. Harry's polo-focused documentary subsequently attempted to compensate for this reduction. It did not. The polo documentary reportedly garnered only around 500,000 views in early 2025 and was ranked 3,436th among all Netflix productions for the first half of that year. For an individual whose name once commanded global attention, this ranking constituted not merely a disappointment, but a commercially devastating outcome, as stated by International Business Times. Meanwhile, Meghan launched her lifestyle brand As Ever, accompanied by the polished and meticulously curated promotional efforts the couple typically executes effectively. Yet, market data presented a less favorable reality for As Ever. The platform received just under 197,000 monthly visits, a figure that significantly trails the 812,000 visits registered by Gwyneth Paltrow's Goop. Even considering a 20% site-wide discount during Thanksgiving in the highly competitive premium lifestyle sector, this disparity does not represent a minor setback. It signifies a structural challenge, according to International Business Times. Therefore, this was Prince Harry's financial posture entering 2026. His primary revenue channel, Netflix, had either ceased or been substantially curtailed. His Spotify collaboration had imploded publicly and painfully. His memoir, Spare, published in January 2023, achieved massive sales, but the associated income is not perpetual. Book advances and royalties are front-loaded. They do not indefinitely sustain a high-cost lifestyle. And it is indeed a high-cost lifestyle. The couple's Montecito residence, acquired in 2020 for $40 million, is understood to have been financed through multiple mortgages, with reports indicating a $5 million down payment and approximately $9 in outstanding mortgage debt. A source familiar with the couple's financial situation commented directly, "They should have bought a $7 million house free and clear. They did not," as reported by Reality Tea. Beyond the mortgage, there is the security expenditure. Their personal security detail alone is reported to cost approximately $3 million annually, year after year. There are no breaks, no budget reductions, because Harry's security threat level is not a factor he fully controls. It is a direct consequence of his identity and public profile. When a former senior British royal resides in Southern California, the security requirements do not adjust to accommodate budgetary constraints. As noted by Reality Tea, consolidating the mortgage payments, the security detail, and the operational expenses associated with public appearances requiring specific wardrobes and brand development necessitating staff, the financial calculations begin to demonstrate considerable pressure. Sources indicate they expend between $2 million and $3 million annually on security, in addition to monthly payments on a reported $10 million mortgage, and the supplementary costs inherent in their overall California lifestyle, as reported by Yahoo! Now, layer upon all these factors the developments affecting their charitable foundation. When Harry and Meghan established the Archewell Foundation in 2020, they articulated its mission as active engagement and positive impact. It garnered extraordinary initial support. In 2021, donations reached $13 million. This marked its peak. It also proved to be the commencement of a steady and protracted decline, according to International Business Times. Archewell's expenditures have surpassed its revenue in recent years, prompting substantial concerns regarding its long-term viability. The most recent tax filings, made public in December 2025, elucidated the full scope. In 2024, donations decreased to just $210,000, while expenses climbed to $510,000, resulting in a deficit of $250,000. The charity was disbursing more than double its incoming funds. Reserves diminished to $8.5 million, as cited by Black Enterprise Plus Two. The structural response involved a rebranding. The Archewell Foundation transitioned into Archewell philanthropies, adopting a new operational model. Instead of directly executing programs, the organization would utilize a fiscal sponsorship arrangement where another nonprofit entity manages legal and financial administration while Harry and Meghan guide charitable priorities from a leadership position. The couple's spokesperson characterized this as an evolution. Critics described it as a retreat. What transpired subsequently conveyed the situation more clearly than any press release could. This restructuring led to what observers depicted as a near total collapse of staffing. James Holt, who had directed Archewell since 2021 and collaborated closely with Harry for almost a decade, departed and relocated to the UK. The chief communications officer resigned. The director of programs and operations, a role with a reported salary of $146,000, was released. Three additional staff members were reportedly terminated just before Christmas 2025. And according to various reports, some of these employees were informed their positions were ending because the charity was closing. While the couple's representatives challenged this specific phrasing, the charitable entity in its prior form was effectively dissolved. In total, more than 20 employees are said to have left the Sussex Archewell organization since its inception. Royal expert Hillary Ford, a closely followed commentator on Sussex matters, characterized this pattern as further evidence of the dysfunction and instability within their household. But here is the aspect of this narrative that elevates it from a discussion of unsuccessful entertainment deals and a struggling charitable organization into something considerably more consequential, the legal action. To fully comprehend the current financial, legal, and reputational stakes for Prince Harry, it is essential to understand his presence in London in January 2026. It is also crucial to recognize why, once in that courtroom, his testimony under cross-examination became one of the most intensely observed and discussed legal proceedings involving a royal in over a century. Prince Harry has been engaged in a protracted conflict with the British tabloid press. This is not a metaphorical conflict, but a literal legal battle conducted in the High Court of England involving actual legal counsel, documented evidence, and genuine financial exposure for both parties. He has framed this campaign as a mission deeply personal and rooted in his conviction that the press contributed to the demise of his mother, Princess Diana, and has subsequently targeted him and his family for decades without accountability. He achieved a partial victory in this campaign in 2023 when he prevailed in litigation against Mirror Group Newspapers. In January 2025, Harry reportedly secured an estimated $12 million in damages from the publisher of The Sun, Britain's most widely read tabloid, in a settlement described as a significant inflection point in the phone hacking litigation landscape. The publisher issued what it termed a full and unequivocal apology. For Harry, this admission of wrongdoing was, by his own account, more significant than the monetary award. However, then came the decisive confrontation, one his own father, King Charles, allegedly once referred to as a suicide mission. In January 2026, Harry appeared at London's High Court to face Associated Newspapers, the publisher of the Daily Mail and the Mail on Sunday, in what commenced as a nine-week trial. He was not alone. The claimant group accompanying him included Sir Elton John and his husband, David Furnish, actress Elizabeth Hurley, and Baroness Doreen Lawrence, whose symbolic presence in any British courtroom carries substantial weight given her decades of advocacy against institutional injustice, as reported by CNN. David Sherborne, the barrister representing the claimants, initiated proceedings by stating his intention to demonstrate clear, systematic, and sustained use of unlawful newsgathering at both the Daily Mail and the Mail on Sunday. The allegations span three decades encompassing voicemail interception, landline tapping, and a variety of surveillance methods that Sherborne argued were so deeply embedded in the paper's culture that editors and executives could not have been unaware of them, according to Lawyer Monthly. Associated Newspapers has consistently denied any wrongdoing. Its legal representatives have characterized the allegations as firmly denied. Unlike News of the World and ultimately The Sun, the Daily Mail has not previously been engulfed by the phone hacking scandal. This trial marks the first occasion his son has undergone a full judicial examination of these allegations, and both sides understand the stakes are exceptionally high. The estimated combined legal cost for both parties had already reached the equivalent of $53 of $53 5 million. This figure merits contemplation. A $53 million legal engagement Associated Newspapers alone was anticipated to spend the equivalent of $25 million on this case, while the claimants, including Prince Harry, were projected to incur $18 4 million, as reported by CNN Newsweek. And here is the legal reality that has financial analysts, royal commentators, and insiders closely associated with the Sussexes genuinely concerned. If Harry is unsuccessful, if the court rules in favor of Associated Newspapers, he would almost certainly be mandated to cover a significant portion of the defendant's legal costs. If allocated proportionally among the claimants, Harry's individual share of the defendant's costs could reach approximately $6 8 million dollars. When added to his own legal expenditures, the total financial exposure resulting from a loss in this trial alone could vastly exceed anything he has previously spent on litigation, according to Newsweek. While that legal exposure is substantial, the emotional developments occurring within that courtroom are, by any measure, equally significant. On January 22nd, 2026, Harry provided evidence under cross-examination. He became visibly distressed towards the conclusion of a compelling session that lasted nearly two hours, informing the court that Meghan's life had been one of absolute misery due to media intrusion. This was not a meticulously prepared media appearance. This was an individual under oath subjected to challenges and pressures that no press conference or Netflix documentary had ever demanded. The cross-examination was described as grueling. Observers in both the public and the press were divided. Some perceived a man finally articulating the case he had endeavored to make for years, while others interpreted the more complex scenario, as stated by Lawyer Monthly. Because here lies the fundamental tension of this entire situation. Prince Harry has cultivated an identity centered on the premise that the British press functions as an antagonist. His memoir, his Netflix documentary, his public pronouncements over several years all have been constructed upon this narrative. The Daily Mail trial offers his opportunity to substantiate this claim in a court of law. However, if he fails to provide such proof, he not only risks losing the case and potentially millions of dollars, but he also undermines the very premise of his public stance. Meanwhile, back in California, domestic pressures are also intensifying. Insiders are now reporting that Prince Harry and Meghan are experiencing genuine friction behind closed doors concerning financial matters. Sources describe the Duchess as feeling deeply defensive when her commercial aspirations are questioned, even by Harry himself. One account specifically stated that Meghan becomes extremely defensive when accused of being overly focused on revenue, and that Harry's questioning of her approach is cutting deeply. The same source remarked that he was born into immense wealth and privilege, never needing to concern himself with the broader financial picture. Now he must, and this shift, according to individuals close to the couple, is generating considerable friction, as reported by the news. The couple's recent visit to Australia elicited accusations that charitable activities were being conflated with commercial opportunities after outfits Meghan wore during engagements with sick children and tragedy victims was subsequently promoted on the shopping platform with which she has affiliations. The optics were unfavorable. The controversy was pronounced and it introduced another layer to the increasing public skepticism regarding the actual purpose of the Sussex operation and who primarily benefits from it, as reported by the news. A well-placed source predicted a five-year window before their lifestyle undergoes significant alteration. That assessment was made several months prior. It is already beginning to appear accurate, according to Reality Tea. So, what is the comprehensive financial and operational status in May 2026? The Netflix agreement that funded the initial years of their American residency has ceased or been substantially reduced. The Spotify partnership dissolved in public embarrassment. The Archewell Foundation has been largely restructured and reestablished as a considerably leaner operation with a fraction of its original personnel. Meghan's lifestyle brand is struggling to establish competitiveness in a saturated market. A nine-week trial in London is exposing Harry to both legal and financial risks unlike any he has previously encountered. His security expenditures are continuous. His mortgage obligations are significant, and the inheritance he received from his mother Diana, his grandmother Queen Elizabeth, and his great-grandmother funds, intended to support him throughout his life, are being steadily depleted by the costs of the lifestyle he chose to cultivate, as noted by Reality Tea. King Charles has reportedly declined to meet with Harry during recent US visits. Royal experts indicate that both the King and Prince William feel they can no longer place trust in Harry, particularly given the manner in which the couple has publicly criticized the royal family in recent years. That avenue, the one that might once have provided Harry a financial bridge back to institutional support, even informally, appears to be closed, as cited by IMDb. What renders this narrative compelling is not solely its celebrity dimension, though that is undeniably a component. It is the underlying structural reality. Harry made a deliberate calculation when he departed the royal family. He wagered that the global audience would continue to pay for his narrative, purchase his brand, and consume his content indefinitely. The world did remunerate him once. It paid substantially for one documentary, one memoir, and one series of interviews. However, the mechanism that facilitates such significant payouts requires continuous reinvention, and continuous reinvention demands either exceptional creative output or unwavering commercial discipline. The evidence of the past three years suggest the Sussexes have struggled to consistently deliver either. The $25 million figure currently under discussion, the headline number that initiated this analysis, is not a singular sum. It is a composite. It encompasses the $25 million that Associated Newspapers is allocating to contest Harry in court. It represents the potential legal exposure he faces if he loses. It includes the unrealized value of the Spotify deal. It accounts for the annual shortfall experienced by his charity. It embodies the security expenditure that recurs every year irrespective of available funds. It signifies the cost of a life designed during a significantly different financial context than the one Prince Harry currently navigates. None of this suggests Prince Harry and Meghan are facing imminent bankruptcy. They are not. They retain assets, reserves, and a level of name recognition that most individuals globally will never possess. However, the fundamental financial calculation has shifted. They're not presently accumulating wealth. They are defending it, and there is a profound distinction between those two positions. When a prince testifies under oath in a courtroom regarding his wife's suffering, while simultaneously outside that court, his charity is shedding staff, his streaming agreements have concluded, his lifestyle brand is underperforming, and his security costs amount to millions annually, that transcends mere royal gossip. That is an account of what occurs when an extraordinary exit strategy encounters ordinary economic realities. Harry sought freedom, and freedom, as it now appears, does not include a fixed allowance. The Daily Mail trial still has several weeks to run. The verdict, once rendered, will resonate far beyond the confines of the High Court. Should Harry prevail, he secures a legacy-defining legal victory and potentially compels a reassessment within one of Britain's most influential media institutions. If he is unsuccessful, the financial blow will be substantial. The reputational impact may prove more severe, and his narrative, the one he has spent years endeavoring to control, will take a turn that no ghostwriter, no Netflix documentary, and no press release will be able to alter. In either scenario, the coming months will provide definitive insight into whether the decision Harry made in January 2020 was an act of resolve or the most significant miscalculation of his life. And at this juncture, with accumulating expenses, an active legal timeline, and narrowing income streams, the numerical indicators are not in his favor.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tansiewlay1665 [8 likes]: MM should have saving in overseas accounts. Harry, ask from your mother MM.
  2. @Grandmasharp [5 likes]: Harry made  serious mistake’s in judgement often. He became so angry and bitter that he made impulsive, costly decisions. He lied so much that I don’t believe a word he says. Lacking empathy ( except for mm) and remorse, I consider Harry a very sick, unpleasant man.
  3. @joniangelsrreal6262 [4 likes]: Boohoo— once a looser always a looser —- choices Harry …💩
  4. @ElaineMugan [3 likes]: Awe, next will be a go-fund presentation, FOR THE POOR. Po box PO  box, Montocito, CA. Drop off box for clothing, food, bobby pins, airline tickets, scam suggestions, etc., located at the servants’ entrance.
  5. @nancygermain6924 [3 likes]: hary is having a temper tantrum for 7 very long years life isn't working out for him things didn't go his way. He's bound to need a nap soon. JESUS SAVES
  6. @ElaineMugan [2 likes]: She also could draw from Elizabeth Warren’s sweater collection or Hillary’s pant suit collection!
  7. @dilhanihackett8622 [1 likes]: Any British or any other company that’s promoting MM’s use of The Royal Seal & Logo for private & personal gain & businesses should be sued or be asked to pay a BIG fee!
  8. @ursulinebellot6369: Get  a job Harry.
  9. @dawnpettet5280: A money hungry wife. And the Palace always paid Harrys bills. 
A disaster from the start.

- Despite Challenges, National Economy Moving in the Right Direction| M News Headlines 01 PM: Kind: captions Language: en The Supreme Court and the legal court of WIFA are not subordinate to each other. We are Palla courts. The decisions of the Vifaki Legal Court will be binding on other courts in terms of legal principles. The Supreme Court has issued its verdict on the jurisdiction of the Uzma Court and the Vifaqi Court after the 27th amendment to the Constitution. A two-judge bench headed by Chief Justice Jaya Afridi issued the detailed verdict. The impact of stopping America's Project Freedom has also seen a rise in Pakistan stock market. 100 index has increased by more than 3000 points. Record three critical limits have been restored. Markets are trading above 167000 points. Despite the difficult situation, investors are buying and selling shares on a large scale. Mali Nazmo, confiscation and stability are included in our original lines. I pray that the tension between America and Iran ends soon. Vifaki Wazar Treasury Senator Mohammad Aurangzeb's title by approx. The Treasury Secretary said that the financial system will be further strengthened by strengthening the army departments. For the betterment of the enterprise, it is necessary to use the capital market. The recovery of Tawanai from solar, wind and hydro continues. Finance Minister Mohsin Naqvi visited Masami Dam, sought actionable plan for the repair of the dam. The Home Minister inspected the area around the dam. While talking, Mohsin Naqvi said that by repairing the dam, the supply of water can be ensured. There is a lot of activity in the area near the actual dam. The sale of quarters, sports and other entertainment activities will lead to development in the area and provide employment opportunities to the local people. Pakistan's Esam Abbas named overall best foreign military cadet in Australia. According to ISPR, Pak Army's Esam Abbas was adjudged the best cadet during the Munkada passing out parade in camera. The commissioning parade was inaugurated by the Australian Chief of Army, Lieutenant General Simon Stewart. The High Commissioner of Pakistan and the officers of the Australian Defence Force also attended the function. ISPR says this success is a testament to the professionalism and high standards of the junior leadership of the Pakistan Army. Senate session called tomorrow and National Assembly session on May 11. The President of the State approved the summary regarding calling the meeting. Perpetual order issued with reference to the courts. Case related to withdrawal of anti-national symbols of political parties. The Lahore High Court reserved its decision after finding the petition fit. The applicant requested the court to declare Sheikh Panch as Kaldam under Section 215.

- 5 Moving Tips to Save You Money!!: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys and welcome back to another money took Monday my name is Lizzie Hofer and I am a residential mortgage loan officer here in Phoenix and I provide money tips on a weekly basis to help you make smart home purchases today on money tip I'm going to be talking about great ways to save money with your move so in mortgages we concentrate a lot on a bunch of numbers primarily down payments closing costs monthly payments but one of the things that I felt super passionate about educating you on is just the cost of moving and how you guys can use a lot of the things that we've learned on money tip to help you save money with this transition now before we get into that I am gonna need you to like comment and subscribe to this awesome channel so you can receive more money tips in the future so a little Google search and I found out that local moves can range anywhere between eight hundred and two thousand dollars if you are moving all of the items yourself and honestly my jaw just like hit the table and then if you're looking into movers I mean we're talking several thousand dollars and that doesn't even include all of the items that you'll need to transition into your new house like supplies and hangers and toiletries and all kinds of things so I came up with some really really great ways to help you save money that were inspired by previous money tips now my very first tip actually is very practical and can be used in a variety of different areas but it's essential when it comes to saving money and that's the use of a checklist now there's tons of usable checklists online via a Google search Pinterest Instagram you can find one that will help you with your move but the more organized you are the more clarity you'll have around your move and you might be thinking well what kinds of items am I going to be checking off well one there's an inventory list of all the items that you're gonna need for your new house there's an inventory list of all the items that you're gonna need to purge what items you're gonna sell what items are going to who you're gonna donate to and you want to make sure that all of those places will give you a charitable contribution receipt so there's a variety of things that you'll need to take note on also things that need repairs additional items that you'll have to purchase right so you want a good checklist cuz the clear you are on the things that you'll need the more money you will save now the second thing isn't going to surprise you it's not earth-shattering and it's very valuable advice whether you're shopping for a home a home loan a car whatever you name it but it's getting multiple quotes movers are such an integral part of the transition into a new home and honestly just because they're the cheapest doesn't mean that they're actually going to save you the most money if they don't take care of the you know expensive goods like furniture and technology that they're moving it could end up costing you hundreds even thousands of dollars more in repair and replacements so very very important that you do your research and you get three to five different quotes from reputable movers with really great reviews or personal testimonials that are willing to offer you a great market price definitely compare the quotes and see if they'll do price match or throw in things like you know helping you with unboxing or unpacking so definitely find out what all they're willing to do so that you can negotiate the best deal so my third tip is about purging right so when you start this whole process you should have a checklist of every single item that needs to go into the new house anything that doesn't need to go into the new house should definitely be considered for purge or donations and your purge list guys are just things that you're going to either sell on Facebook Craigslist offer up you name it and then the rest of the items are either gonna give away to friends and family or you're going to donate to you know organizations like Goodwill now the reason that you want to get rid of items is because it's going to cost you to physically move them to your new location and this video is about saving money so definitely get rid of items I've had clients literally make hundreds of dollars on their move by just selling and getting rid of anything that was unneeded at their new place so my fourth moving tip that will actually save you money is to prepare a toolbox and a cleaning supply box that you put in the front seat of your car when you are moving your items now this is one of those things that ends up costing people hundreds of dollars honestly in their move because they can't find any of the items that they need to actually live in their new place they end up making multiple Costco runs and the end of just buying duplicate you know cleaning supplies paper towels toilet paper you name it so being organized making sure that you label the boxes appropriately for the area of the house that the goods will go into so that you're not repurchasing and replacing items that you already own and my last and final tip when it comes to moving is to save all of your Amazon boxes we get those packages every single day at our house and let me tell you they were essential in our move you can also pick up other people's Amazon or just you know business boxes from Craigslist and Facebook all of those different neighborhood groups but getting free packing supplies is going to save you hundreds of dollars with your move I know I said this was the five tips but I do have one last piece of information that I really think is important to just get out there in the universe I think it's so important to plant a boob anywhere between a year and six months before you actually transition into your new property I know that that sounds extreme but honestly the act of purging the act of donating I mean saving up enough boxes getting the quotes all of this stuff takes time and honestly the more prepared and organized you are the better your move is going to be when it comes to making a big purchase like a home obviously things like moving are not accounted for a lot of times when you're talking about hundreds of dollars or even thousands of dollars that are going to be taken out of your reserve funds it's very very important to count you know to account for so I would say that if you're planning a move you definitely need a count for your down payment your closing cost one to two months of payment reserves in the bank and probably two thousand to four thousand dollars of moving utility expenses right that you need to consider I know a lot of information five quick tips and just my personal two cents but I hope that this was a very helpful and informational money tip Monday if you're considering a move have questions about it my team would love love love to help you definitely leave us a comment below or reach out to us on our contact information in the show notes until next week guys please have a fantastic week and I'll see you on in the next money tip Monday

  Top Comments:
  1. @JavyVidana [2 likes]: OK Boomer! :)
  2. @Jenalamah [1 likes]: Good tips thank you! And thanks for lowering the background music, much easier to tune in to your message :)

- 5 Tips to Save the MOST MONEY When Moving: Kind: captions Language: en show you the full cost to hire them. To find the right one for shopping goes a long way. Don't just click on the first Google rentals when you book movers as well. Check out the links below and even better, you can get big discounts on moving truck will you beat the morning rush but some companies actually night before your move instead of the morning up. Not only can, try to avoid the summer and move midweek. Pro tip, it your budget, you can compare and book affordable movers near result you see when looking for movers, Many sites don't even to transport them without damaging them at least a moving costs go up when there's increased demand. So try to those cheap pressboard shelves. Since there's virtually no way of movers actually have you sign a waiver for things like you with HireAHelper. If this was helpful, check out our day to take advantage of that. Finally, a little comparison strike when truck rentals and movers are least busy. If you give better rates if you help them with their busy schedules flexible with your moving date can save you hundreds. Just solution is to take a photo of them then say goodbye. It these three questions. Have I used this in the past year? moving trucks and containers cost more and the stuff you put make moving expensive. It doesn't matter if you're moving costs can add up. With all the stress, some people think they on your own or hiring movers. How? Well, it's simple. Bigger weight, and space taken up. Those three things are what have, the more time it takes to move it all and most movers, by the hour. How do you decide what to keep? Ask yourself inside the truck or even in your own car weighs it down which means more gas and of course, the more stuff you have to throw money at the problem until it goes away. But don't do that. Take a deep breath because I'm going to Does it hold significant sentimental value? If I sold you can. I mean, everything. Fewer things mean less time, answers are no, no, and yes, get selling and offset your works, I promise. Pro tip, if you're on the fence about an costs of it. If the answers are no, no, and no, then it's sentimental but broken or unusable items, a helpful donation time and if you're struggling to get rid of never hurts to ask if you can pick up the moving truck the show you how to save money when First, get rid of everything little. If you're hiring a moving service or truck, being old or cheap piece of furniture, get rid of it. A lot like airplane tickets, hotel reservations, or anything else, it, could I realistically get more than fifty dollars? If the If you've ever moved before, you know just how fast the one moving checklist video and follow for more moving tips.

- How To Budget For Your Move: Hidden Costs & Saving Tips | Better Removalists Sydney: Kind: captions Language: en How to budget for your move. Hidden costs and saving tips. Stressed about moving. It's not just the truck and packing. Hidden costs can sneak up fast. Packing materials like boxes and bubble wrap are rarely free. Cleaning your old place can cost more than you expect, especially if you need professionals. Utility disconnection and reconnection fees add up quickly. Sometimes you'll need temporary storage or accommodation if your new place isn't ready. Movers may charge extra for stairs, long walks, or heavy furniture. Want more tips to save money and avoid budget mistakes? Visit our website for all the insights.

- 10 MOVING TIPS AND HACKS to Save Money + Time | Moving Vlog USA: Kind: captions Language: en most people hate moving day from cleaning packing transporting and driving your friends to help you it can be really stressful so today i'm talking about moving tips and hacks to reduce time money and stress [Music] hello and welcome to another video oh that was quite a week y'all arjun and i moved into our new apartments just last week both our leases were up and we had to go through the dreaded moving day doing this alone would have been a nightmare so thankfully we had each other for support but even then there's a lot of planning involved if you want this process to go smooth and stress free luckily i discovered some tips and hacks along the way which i'm happy to share with you all so when i first sat down to plan the move i thought it was best to do it on a weekday because the costs are cheaper and availabilities are higher moving costs are highest in the beginning and the end of the month and also on weekends so i took two days off of work moved on a thursday and that way i got the weekend to you know unpack and buy the furniture and plants that i wanted to and it was overall a more relaxed process now while renting the truck i made sure to rent an appliance and a utility dolly as well these are basically hand carts with wheels at the bottom which make it really easy to transport heavy furniture or boxes now since i wasn't going with a moving company and was doing it on my own i had to take care of my back and these dollies really made it easy you can stack multiple boxes on these things and minimize the number of trips you need to take to the truck surprisingly these dollies were quite cheap to rent it was what seven dollars a day and i can honestly tell you that it was the best seven dollars i spent in the entire move after getting the basic logistics out of the way i came to the major chunk which is cleaning and packing now after watching a series of marie condo episodes i decided that i only wanted to take those belongings that really needed to be there in my new space or that sparked joy i also found that it's easier to get rid of stuff and then pack it rather than take it to your new space and then continue not using it so i sorted through my belongings and divided them into two piles one that i would be taking and the other that i would either sell on facebook marketplace or i'd give to goodwill now with facebook marketplace one thing i did right there was that i listed them on the website very early on almost a month before so they had enough time to sell and the other smaller stuff i drove to goodwill and made a donation because i do realize that i am fortunate and i have some items that others would probably crave for so in my own way it felt good to make a difference when it came to actually packing my belongings the first thought that entered my head was that i'd go to a staples or a u-haul store and buy packing supplies but what i found was that a better way to do it and a more economical way to do it is to ask around your neighborhood you can do this by posting on your neighborhood facebook group or on nextdoor which is like social network for neighbors chances are that someone who's just moved into the area will have plenty of boxes tapes packing paper etc lying around that they're waiting to get rid of and if you're unsuccessful at that you could probably go to grocery stores or liquor stores and try your luck there too so by doing this i got boxes tape packing paper and bubble wrap all for free before moving on i just want to remind you guys to like this video and subscribe to our channel if you haven't already don't forget to hit the bell icon next to it because that way you will be notified of all the money saving tips and tricks we'll talk about in the future so when it finally came to packing my stuff into boxes at first i was just stacking things on top of each other but then i read up on space saving tips online and i found that the optimum way to do it is to find any gaps or spaces within items and fill it up with more items so this could be something like taking storage containers and filling it up with spices putting socks inside shoes and military rolling your clothes this way you make the most out of your luggage space and overall there are fewer items to transport another hack that was a game changer for me was a way to transport my clothes with the hangers on so instead of taking it off the hanger folding it packing unpacking and putting it back up again you can just bundle a bunch of clothes take a trash bag pull it from underneath the clothes and all the way over the top to the hanger and then just remove it from the rack tie it and you're good to go this way i could use my suitcase for other items and the trash bags just stacked on top of each other at the back of the truck this trick also ensures that your clothes don't get wrinkled and you can hang them up immediately in your new home fast forward to the actual moving day i made sure to take an inventory of all the boxes and items that i had so i took a marker and on each box i wrote down what it contains and what room it belongs to i also created an excel spreadsheet where i very nicely divided it into boxes suitcases and miscellaneous items i also had two other columns called loading and unloading so every time a box would make it to the truck i would just mark that as green and at the end of the whole process i was pretty confident that i didn't lose any items along the way moving is stressful in itself there are 100 things to take care of and if you're not on top of things you could end up losing your important documents or valuables in the process so it's best to transport your most valuable items yourself this could be your passport cash important paperwork or jewelry you can take it with you in the car so that you know it's safe at all times the last thing you want is to have a rough start in your new home before i finally left my old apartment i made sure to whip out my smartphone and take a couple of pictures and videos of the state that i left the place in you know that landlords are notorious for charging unnecessary fees and then you don't get your deposit back this way you have photographic evidence and backup if you need it don't forget to do the same thing in your new place so look out for any damages scratches or dents and let the management know that it was there before you moved in the last tip i have for you is actually something that arjun did which i thought was pretty smart he opened up a new credit card it was the chase amazon card that had a hundred dollar amazon credit as sign up bonus so he used that credit to buy furniture and home decor for his new apartment he knew that he'd have to make these purchases anyway so getting this card really made him get all this stuff for free this is actually his sixth credit card he does this thing called churning which is basically opening multiple credit cards and exploiting all their signup offers this is however a slightly advanced topic so we are planning to talk about it later in the future also remember to only employ this technique if you are financially responsible and can maintain credit cards properly by taking advantage of all these tips and hacks i was able to move myself without the help of a moving company for about two hundred dollars so this accounts for the truck rental the insurance renting the dollies the fuel for the truck and also move out cleaning if i had hired professionals to do it the same thing would have cost me a minimum of six hundred dollars now the reason i was able to save time money and energy in this whole process was because i started planning early on and also researched on ways to make it easier i'm curious to know if you guys have some tips you'd like to share let us know in the comments section below now if you made it this far you get to see some bonus clips from when arjun and i were actually moving buy has a recycling facility right outside so we're probably gonna go there and throw all of this stuff this controller actually brings back a lot of memories um i used to spend every waking minute of the weekend playing fifa ultimately so my entire wardrobe has boiled down the cabinets are emptied and we filled it in boxes my sister here is helping us get rid of the apples by making what are we making apple crumble all right oh my god okay we're in the truck it's a big truck is anxious

  Top Comments:
  1. @lnaidu [3 likes]: Awesome! I recently moved and could relate to many things 🙂 Also in case you don't have too many items, it's better to try Home depot vans, they are available by the hour and cost the same on weekdays and weekends
  2. @FinancewithArjun [2 likes]: Hope you liked the video :) What are some of your moving tips?
  3. @jambohomeventures [2 likes]: You had me laughing at “junk fooding” 😂😂
  4. @kuppanr [1 likes]: Congratulations on the move folks! Just saw this video. I can only imagine what a hot chai can do at the end of the move... Hope you are enjoying your new place! :)
  5. @hokieplaya [1 likes]: This was a small (apartment) move. Post another video a few years down the road when you move from one large home to another, with tons of furniture being moved! :) you will need a moving company then.
  6. @yasheshgurrala [1 likes]: Great tips! I would like to share another tip : It's good to get a truck from a place that has a drop box facility to return keys, and rent the truck in the second half of the day until the end of their operating hours. In that way you save on hourly charges if any and you could unload at your own pace and return the keys anytime before the the office opens up next morning. (I got this tip/idea from a guy working at Uhaul so I think they're fine with it)
  7. @Smackdown198 [1 likes]: Wonderful video...You guys missed about cleaning home..that’s a major effort of all...
  8. @ReeceCaruso [1 likes]: These really are great suggestions! This is such an important topic to be talking about right now, great video I really enjoyed it!
  9. @thomasanderson7226 [1 likes]: Guys, excellent video. Where do you live? I am in Virginia. I'd love to meet you guys one day. (when COVID thing ends of course)
  10. @dabsinfo249 [1 likes]: Awesome tricks especially #6 ;)
  11. @anusha3786: Any tips if we are moving to other state
  12. @bhoopeshkvengatesh405: Nice content. Since you give finance tips too, is there a reason why you guys moved to apartments again instead of purchasing a house? Wish to see your Renting vs Mortgage analysis and why you chose renting instead of mortgaging.
  13. @parejeda: Such a good idea taking the photos when the apartment is empty! What do you recommend for moving into a place with no elevator and lots of stairs?
  14. @MauraColemanKansasCityrealtor: Great tips! You've made moving not so daunting!
  15. @paintyam: Amazing! Proud of you Aishhh. Happy new home ❤️
Where was this video 2 years ago right? Sigh. Live and learn my friend. 😂

- 7 Ways to Save Money on Your Move | Moving Tips from Allied: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] hi my name is Joe wictor whatz and welcome to Allied TV moving can be costly for anyone these days and often times homeowners cringe at the thought of having another set of expenses to worry about but what if you knew some of the simple tips on how to reduce several of these costs wouldn't that take some of the stress of moving away well today we're going to walk you through seven quick ways to do just this save money on your move so let's begin one of the first factors you need to consider before moving is whether you're going to do it yourself or or higher moving company either way it's important to set up a budget that's relevant to the option you choose and weigh the costs of each once you've done this keep in mind the following seven ways to reduce these moving costs number one plan to move during moving industries's offseason one of the busiest times of year for moving companies is during summer or holidays and on weekends if you want to save yourself extra costs that companies charge during these busy times it's best to plan a move during spring or fall time also if possible have the company move you during the week instead of the weekend sometimes rates are higher on the weekends than during the week number two reduce the amount of items you pack since moving costs are dependent upon weight it's best to go through each of your items and get rid of unnecessary clutter the best way to do this is think of items you haven't used or worn in over a year and then hold a garage sale or offer some of the items to your friends number three be flexible with movers on your pickup and delivery dates working with your company's time frame instead of just your own often times can earn you a discount if possible give the movers 3 to 5 days to deliver your item and 3 to 5 days to pick them up number four do your own packing although this will save you some money it's still important to remember however that proper packing is crucial if you decide not to use the professionals be sure you at least know how to safely pack each of your items to ensure nothing gets broken during the actual move number five be sure your new home is ready to be moved into on the day or your move without ensuring this you could face storage and Transit fee if the moving company needs to store your items before they're able to be placed into your new home this fee may also result if you are unable to pay the agreed upon amount for your move at the agreed upon time number six keep all your receipts when tax time comes around you may may be able to deduct some of your allowable expenses from your income taxes if you're unsure whether you qualify for any of these deductions or need tax forms for moving expenses visit the IRS website or consult your local accountant number seven ask about the cost associated with moving heavier or bulky items items such as boats recreational vehicles washing machines dryers Etc will cost extra to move if you want to avoid these charges look into the cost of renting a trailer and moving these items your s now that you know seven easy ways to save costs on your move it's time for you to put them to use so let's get out there and start saving yourself some money thanks for watching with Alli TV I'm Joe wik totz wishing you a safe and easy move oh

  Top Comments:
  1. @Alliedvl [1 likes]: Do you  want to save money on your move? Check out our 7 tips!
  2. @TimothyPatrick1: Great video and tips Allied. I just recently put together an article that has 42 tips to further save money on your move...https://www.moversville.com/blog/save-money-on-moving/
  3. @Alliedvl: 7 Ways to Save Money on your Move from Allied TV http://youtu.be/EpUpoZqNL98

- What happens to your brain without any social contact? - Terry Kupers: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone needs time to themselves, and peaceful solitude has stress-relieving benefits. But being alone takes on an entirely different dimension when it creeps up or is forced upon you. When that's the case, the effects can be surprisingly extensive. And though different people experience distinct effects at different times, symptoms tend to become more severe and persistent the longer one's isolated. When someone is involuntarily confined to one space indefinitely— for days, weeks, months, or even years— alone and without productive tasks, their body will likely undergo numerous changes. Let's take a look at what may happen and why. Early on, stress hormones may spike, and as time passes, that stress can become chronic. Social interactions and meaningful activities are essential for emotional stability. This may be because they provide us with what researchers call “social reality testing”— a sort of sounding board where we can gauge how rational our perceptions are. So, when someone’s deprived of those kinds of communication and tasks, their sense of identity and reality becomes threatened. Their thoughts spiral and their impulses take the reins, setting the stage for depression, obsessions, suicidal ideation, and, for some, delusions and hallucinations. Over time, this prolonged agitation can cause the brain's limbic system, which regulates fear and stress, to become especially responsive and hyperactive. Meanwhile, the prefrontal cortex, the brain’s hub for reasoning and moral judgment, may shrink, impairing one's focus, memory, and cognition. Overall, the balance shifts from rational thinking towards emotionality. And as someone remains in this state, the imbalance becomes ingrained, making them more prone to bouts of anxiety, rage, and irrational actions. Isolation will also affect other parts of the person's health. They may lose sense of time and have difficulties sleeping. They're more likely to experience heart palpitations, headaches, dizziness, and hypersensitivity. And they may also lose weight because of stress-induced digestive issues and poor appetite. One can attempt to cope by establishing the healthiest routine possible under the extreme circumstances, including robust exercise, reading, and writing. But that can only do so much. The United Nations, many human rights organizations, and experts classify this kind of forced, prolonged isolation as torture. And yet, it’s something imprisoned people in many countries endure. Also called “solitary confinement” or “restrictive housing,” the practice is most common in the United States. In 2019, more than 120,000 US prisoners lived in solitary confinement, spending 22 to 24 hours a day in mostly windowless cells spanning roughly six by nine feet. Quaker groups introduced solitary confinement to US prisons in the late 1700s, as an alternative to corporal punishment, believing it could bring about reflection and penitence— hence “penitentiary.” But the practice quickly faced criticism, from public figures all the way to the Supreme Court. Charles Dickens, for one, condemned solitary confinement as “worse than any torture of the body.” Its use dwindled, but then, in the 1980s, alongside more punitive, tough-on-crime laws, US prison populations skyrocketed. As prisons grew crowded, incidences of protests, rebellions, and violence grew, and prison authorities increasingly used solitary confinement to maintain control. Many people have been placed in solitary confinement for minor, nonviolent infractions, like talking back to prison guards. And solitary confinement is harmful to everyone, but many who’ve experienced it have pre-existing mental health disorders, which it only exacerbates. Solitary confinement also seems to have lasting effects that make readjusting to life outside of a cell difficult. People who have gone through solitary confinement are three times more likely to show signs of post-traumatic stress disorder. And they commonly report experiencing shifts in their personalities, increased anxiety and paranoia in otherwise ordinary situations, and difficulty concentrating and connecting with others. Some states have restricted the use of solitary confinement in cases involving serious mental illness, children, or pregnancy, and some have adopted 15 or 20 day limits for everyone. But laws that regulate solitary confinement aren’t always enforced— and prison authorities have created loopholes. Yet solitary confinement does immense damage that is contrary to rehabilitation, while failing to reduce prison violence. Meanwhile, other countries have centered more humane approaches. Norway, for example, imprisons far fewer people per capita than the US while spending five times more per prisoner on accommodations, classes, and work-release programs. Norway also sees far fewer people return to prison after release, with one of the world’s lowest rates of recidivism, indicating we tend to get better together.

  Top Comments:
  1. @brucenome989 [1 likes]: This is so my life, in away. I stay home for days without seeing ppl, no friends 😢 evern at work i still lonely.
  2. @rsviews2167: We are social creatures, up to a point. I like to marvel, to contemplate, and rest on the feeling that everything has a purpose. Most people never get personal, or intimate, or vulnerable. Most people focus on material things and sordid fascination over superficial stuff like a football game or celebrities. Isolation to me, first leads to peace. Eventually, fear tries to creep in, fear of the unknown, fear about emotional surviving costs. We're all going to go someday, and some suffering will surely be involved. I refuse to cultivate fear. I deserve my inner peace, and it has nothing to do with my meager earthly possessions, it comes from within, from my inner self. I was made by love, and for love, not fear.
  3. @13ThDegreeMaster: Mind Eternal-13Th Degree Master-Paperback ebook format
  4. @dscpln27: I don't even have a single friend no gf, nothing just alone with my dog
  5. @sakshamvasishth2805: you can be lonely with people and can be fullfilled while alone
  6. @FransceneJK98: 0:40 why do you say “involuntarily isolated”?? Even voluntary isolation changes the brain
  7. @LordAlexanderThornton: Don't get locked up.
  8. @DeborahAcosta-e2i: I CRAVE ISOLATION BUT IM AROUND PPLE ALL THE TIME BUT THEYRE TOXIC.
  9. @rubyrod668: What happens ? Idiots who have never been alone think its no big deal and gaslight you into thinking it's no big deal.
  10. @Richard-x2s4h: I have multiple sclerosis and I am isolated due to a busy past friends left leaving me vulnerable in a wheelchair and memory's messed up trying to find others who suffer similar things holla to let me know I'm not alone??
  11. @daanvossen9392: ive always wanted to see how i would react to 24 hours of isolation from not only people but most types of stimulation.
  12. @ghostmaybee: And maybe that's why I always feel like I have lost me , somewhere I just can't connect with me myself, worst . And always think , was it me? Is it me? Now I always feel that I have split personality.
  13. @RUDHUNTER: Uhh..I guess at the end,you find out that beeing with peoples isn't that vital?Must feel free,right?
Moreover when you don't have anything to reproach to yourself,i imagine.🤷🏾‍♂You certainly understand that they're more gifted to generate problems than  solutions?Break more than repairing?
  14. @Rathnatomsgirl: is this video about loneliness or solitary confinement.Can somebody pls tell.This is actually a confusing video
  15. @JoshPyle-m9v: Solitary confinement in jail is not the same as a person living alone in the middle of nowhere.
  16. @amber123liu45-z: 我有CPTSD,对我来说我对人际交往中的负面事情况痛感真的很严重，所以有时候我会回避社交
  17. @blueeashh_: I throughly enjoy being alone. I wish I could stay alone most of the time, if not all the time.
  18. @AMMARAHJAVED-d9i: oh my god ! this is meeeee
  19. @elderspsychology: After watching this, I understand loneliness in a completely different way.
  20. @LL-m-n9u: Voluntary isolation = peace

- Why do crowds move us? - Deeply Human, BBC World Service: Kind: captions Language: en Being part of a psychological crowd can amplify feelings that we already have It can amplify the experiences of events. Crowd psychology explore how individual behaviour is impacted… when large crowds group together. In crowd psychology, we distinguish between physical crowds and psychological crowds. Physical crowds are people who just happen to be in the same place at the same time, but there's no real kind of social connection. No feeling of being together as a group between them. On the other hand, you have psychological crowds. Now, psychological crowds are our main area of interest in crowd psychology, because these are crowds where people feel like they're part of the same group with the others in the crowd and there's a feeling of unity connectedness between them. You feel like they are closer to you. They're more like you. You have more positive feelings towards them, you have more cooperative behaviour. And you also have feelings of empowerment, of feeling like together, you can achieve change, because you're there together as a collective with the same goals, the same interests. Psychological crowds can bring people from different backgrounds together. Researchers have studied Hajj to understand how. You get pilgrims from all over the world, who are going there for a common purpose, different nationalities, different languages, even different religious denominations. And they're going there for the same purpose. And you see amazing examples at Hajj of people who are supporting each other who are sharing resources, on the basis of the shared group membership. You see this feeling of being part of the group makes people feel safe, even in really high densities, partially because they expect that others will keep them safe for being in that same group. Researchers say when you’re in a crowd you feel you belong… you feel safer, more empowered and more likely to help others. We're more influenced by people in our group, we tend to trust them more, we rely on them more, we think that they're more likely to help us and others.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HazyWave5150 [4 likes]: Crowds suck
  2. @mutualdelusion1798 [3 likes]: I wish Allah gives me the strength to perform the Hajj someday Inshallah.
  3. @IshitaGhai-b1w4c: The shift from simple physical proximity to a shared psychological identity is what really sparks that feeling of collective power and safety
  4. @jacinthahmed: Best ever podcast I've ever listen. Kudos to the whole team. 🤘🤘🤘
  5. @BBCWorldService: Subscribe to our channel here: https://www.youtube.com/bbcworldservice

- Don't Put People in Boxes: Kind: captions Language: en It's so easy to place people in boxes. Drawing lines. Creating sides. There's us. And there's them. Those we feel comfortable around, And those we don't. There are those of us with many chapters. And those just starting their own story. There's the well to do. And those doing what they can. There are those who we share something with. And those we don't seem to share anything with. Welcome and thank you for coming today guys. Today I'm gonna be conducting an experiment. Where I'll ask you a series of questions. Now these questions will be very personal questions. And for us to get a true result I need you to be completely honest with how you respond. The first question I have is who in here was the class clown? Who is never on time? And then. We who have tattoos. We who feel lonely. We who have been bullied. We who have bullied others. We who are madly in love. We who have overcome great adversity. And there's the lucky ones. Who's team won the championship this year. We who beat cancer. And then... There's all of us. Who are created in the image of God. And as one body, we stand together. United as one. Under his grace.

- How Childhood Emotional Abuse Affects You In Adult: Kind: captions Language: en ever wonder why the punchline to every psychology joke always has something to do with either our childhoods or our issues with our parents or why people lying on a therapist couch tend to answer the question so tell me about your problem with it all began when I was little it's because on some level we all intuitively understand that our childhood experiences play a big role in shaping who we are and what we believe about others ourselves and the world around us that's why so much of psychology research theories and Psychotherapy focuses on understanding the impact Early Childhood experiences have on a person one particular line of research in the field focuses on adverse child experiences and the therapy built on these studies known as psychodynamic approaches aims to ameliorate the detrimental impact it can have on us even while into adulthood the US Children's Bureau defines adverse childhood experiences or Aces as traumatic events that occur during childhood such as abuse neglect illness injury bullying or pure victimization the long-term effects of such experiences can manifest either physically psychologically or behaviorally surveys show that children who were victims of emotional abuse often grow up to have overall poor health receive lower education are more likely to suffer from poverty weight gain obesity and significant psychological stress but what about their story Beyond these numbers what are other important but often over looked ways the abuse still lingers and hurts them in the present let's dive even deeper into how a childhood emotional abuse affects you even in adulthood number one it makes you anxiously attached ever heard about attachment Theory pioneered by John bulby and Mary answorth attachment Theory posits that there are generally two kinds of attachment Styles we develop as a result of our early experiences with our parents or caregivers that is secure attachment and insecure or anxious attachment anxious attachment is then categorized as either preoccupied when you have a positive view of others but a negative view of yourself leading to self-doubts insecurity and cleanness dismissive when you have a positive view of yourself but a negative view of others which makes you distant and overly self-reliant or fearful disorganized the attachment style of those who have experienced abuse people with a fearful disorganized attachment style tend to be very wary and guarded around others as well as being extremely sens to rejection conflict and abandonment and as adults they often struggle to form lasting positive relationships as a result of their unresolved attachment related trauma which brings us to our next Point number two it stunts your emotional development being emotionally abused as a child stunts your emotional development because it teaches you all the wrong things about life instead of learning important skills like emotion regulation self-awareness and relationship management victims of emotional abuse often grow up to develop issues such as emotional codependency self-blame and social isolation number three it leads to self-destructive patterns when someone comes from a home that fails to provide them with a sense of Safety and Security important to every child's development more likely than not that child will grow up to develop self-destructive patterns and maladaptive coping mechanisms instead according to a meta survey done by the mental health center of destination hope these can manifest in a number of ways such as in their behaviors developing addictions delinquencies Suicidal Tendencies or their thought patterns low self-esteem depression anxiety number four it compromises your quality of life taking all of the things we've talked about into account it should come as no surprise then that many researchers have found that the experience of childhood emotional abuse is associated with poorer quality of life thankfully many Studies have also highlighted that a lot of victims of abuse can and do recover thriving later in life despite their adverse childhood experiences the trouble is most of them unfortunately have to struggle to get there number five it puts you at higher risk of mental health problems last but certainly not least childhood emotional abuse can continue to haunt us even years afterwards by putting us at higher risk of developing certain mental health issues such as depression and anxiety all forms of child abuse have also been found to be strongly correlated with PTSD substance abuse and suicide if you are struggling with your experiences of childhood emotional abuse know that help is available the best thing you can do for yourself is to reach out to a mental healthc care professional today and begin healing from the pain of your past consider this the first day of your journey towards mental Wellness Recovery and self-discovery what's one way you will no longer let your childhood emotional abuse affect you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Drm3221 [1 likes]: I still remember when I was in 5th grade we were going over a science test, and my teacher thought my tone of voice was rude when I asked about one of the answers (it was just my accent). I saw that he was upset about it so after class I told him I was sorry and his response was “you know, you really should be”.

Imagine you’re an adult getting an honest-to-god apology from an 11-year old and that’s your response. Pretty sure that’s why I have problems with authority in my adulthood lol
  2. @almasantiago1100 [1 likes]: Is help really available though? And if so is it only for the wealthy? Where is the help for those who can’t afford it? Any tips will help!
  3. @GrayifiedX: ey alway put it in my mouth when they think i asleep but im not asleep.  I wish itbstop but nobody listens.😢
  4. @ethandionach: Does feeling empty and emotionless inside count as an effect?
  5. @abhati2114: You talked about emotional abuse, but what about the ones who suffered physical abuse?beating and all
  6. @SurvivorOfChildhoodTrauma: I was abused, SA'd, tortured, neglected and raped throughout my childhood. I have C-PTSD, PTSD, anxiety, depression and was just recently diagnosed with ADHD. My mom was a monster. I'm 48 now, and although I've healed myself A LOT over the years, I unfortunately still have so much further to go. It feels like I'm never, ever going to be fully healed. No matter how hard I work on myself, or continue advocating for others.... I fear I'll never truly be free of my moms degrading voice, and the betrayal bestowed upon my childhood body, by all the grown men that robbed me of my innocence. 😢
  7. @thattoxicguy35: I still have my dad's voice in my head calling me a piece of shit constantly 😂
  8. @iamdev1195: I was bullied a lot in school & by my cousins I was the easiest target it took me 9 years to get myself in shape ....met someone very kind and sweet but when i spoke of health too much she felt a little bit overwhelmed I thought i am not good enough for her & mutually decided we're incompatible but I couldn't express her  or explain why health matters so 
much to me, she got married after 4 months & it took me her leaving as a lesson to realize that expression should be there not the suppression of emotions we can not always live in fear of showing vulnerability as a sign of weakness.
  9. @SPRITECRAN_Berry: I’m just turning 18 and I found out a lot of crazy things about my mother in the last year. She’s a narcissist and she cheated on my father and left to go be with this guy. She wasn’t even home last Mother’s Day. I recently found out from other family members that she would talk down on me. I do remember being called a loser and multiple other things of my mother just putting me down as a child.
  10. @grandmastermario3695: I was abused throughout my whole childhood, and I have a bunch of severe mental health problems due to it.
  11. @KyashiTran-san: But otherwise, I have Autism(Autism Spectrum Disorder). When I get cured at age 30, there will be no autism anymore next year.
  12. @tabethasmith8511: What does a person do when the abuse didn't stop when they left the home as an adult?
  13. @miraiyuki7644: Mum used to hit,slap,kick and whoop me with a phone charger calling me names…threatening to kick me out of the house…dragging me by my hand to the door while i pleaded saying sorry over and over….i was just..12..im also the eldest…so she expected me to be little mrs.perfect…i guess and now im an introvert who has anxiety attacks and is afraid of talking to people expressing my thoughts and feelings are super hard for me…i dont know what to do about this…T-T (sorry for bad english)
  14. @theiceman6941: The surround sound noises, music, make it impossible for me to even watch this.
Thanks for NOTHING. 😟 This might have been informative or helpful.
  15. @amishasrivastava0204: Up to what age is childhood trauma considered? Can it happen to people up to the age of 30?
  16. @Janadu: AI voice almost put me in a trance.
  17. @TinkTink-e4r: Emotional abuse from 2 avoidant fucks
  18. @marisantiago6287: I forgive all those who hurt me in the past and I let go of bitterness and grudges freedom is truly forgiving because it frees you from bitterness it shuts the doors to any demons that try to torment with depression and anxiety may God bless those who persecuted me and now I let it go
  19. @897hvtl: We saw our child go from happy and eager in 2nd grade to melancholy in later grade school and middle/high school. Teachers did nothing to intervene, though they knew the harassment she suffered. She was a trooper, though, stuck with school, finished and went to college. She kept her pain to herself, always hoping it would improve. It's rough out there for kids.
  20. @NotAFanOfSahihMuslim2749: Oh , the Elementary to High school bully everyday, the pain still with me/us.



And I also witness some "deceivers" act, its late to realize those things

- Sales fatigue & the stagflation risk: Kind: captions Language: en just a soft patch for sales in the first couple of months of the year. And of course, you know, March's numbers have the potential to be affected by Iran and uncertainty. Y and welcome to New Zealand Property Market podcast brought to you by Coali for the 23rd of March 2026. I'm head of research Nick Goodall and today I'm joined as per usual with our chief economist Calvin Davidson. Calvin, I think we got plenty of economic data to digest later. In particular, of course, the GDP result for Q4, which was out last week. But first, uh, let's take us through the release of our chart pack last week. I think that couple of things we often focus on here, our buy classification series, first-time home buyers, what they're up to, as well as those sales volumes, which we um put the chart in for that one, too. So, yeah, take it away, mate. What were those key outtakes and how' the media release go? >> Yeah, I guess so. buy classification, you know, my favorite data set. Looking here at market shares, we'll come back to sales volume second, but um yeah, in terms of market share, I mean, first- time buyers still just trucking on the if you look month by month, quarter by quarter, even year by year now, it's it's been a it's been a pretty solid run of activity for first-time home buyers. So, still taking, you know, 27 28% of activity. Uh just a really really strong run from first-time home buyers. the the big thing I guess at the moment is is definitely taking advantage of those low deposit lending allowances or the banks. That's that's a big way in for a lot of first-time home buyers. So, just same old story really. They're really strong in the market. The mortgage multiple property owners sort of hanging around that 25% mark, 24% pretty normal for them. So, you know, again, there's there's a bit of balance there. Some things supportive, some things a little bit more concerning for for investors, you know, higher council rates, insurance, really really soft rents. So there's supports for them but also challenges. And I guess the other big group we look at is movers or the relocating owner occupiers. Uh a bit of seasonal variability in in those numbers. They they dip back a bit in in February after a reasonably strong January. But you know sort of trucking along again. So so the the same old stories that have been in place for bio classification I guess for a while are are still sort of there. Um I'm still keeping an eye on movers. I think there's there's scope there for for them to to come back to the market this year as and when the economy recovers and yep there's a bit more uncertainty about that now but if uh you know if we do see that that slow economic upturn this year then then movers should get a bit more confidence to relocate and I think we'll start to see them take a bigger share of the market but right now you know they're still a bit quieter than normal those first time buyers are really active and and I suppose you'd call mortgaged investors sort of somewhere in the middle so so that's kind of the the percentage shares Now, in terms of number of deals, the overall market activity levels, they they have been trending higher for what, 3 years now, really, just a wee bit of sluggishness, I guess you'd say, in January and February when you look at the sales compared back to the same month last year. Uh, January was down 8% and February was down 7%. Now, they're not big collapses, and there's there's a sense there might be a timing issue in here. It looks like December was was pretty strong. So maybe some deals were pulled forward if they could be. People sort of rushed through. But you know there's a limit to how much that can really explain February's number. Could you really rush through deals that might have otherwise happened in February? Can you really rush that through into December? I mean seems a bit hard to believe. So you know it's and it's not necessarily the start of a new downwards trend either. But yeah, just a soft patch for sales in the first couple of months of the year. This is across private deals and estate agents. So it's across that that whole market. So um yeah, just a wee bit of sluggishness in there. And of course, you know, March's numbers have the potential to be affected by Iran and uncertainty and you know, consumers sort of pedalling back a little bit. Cost of living, I don't know, we won't we won't trade that house cuz you know, inflation's going to be an issue. So um you know, March's numbers could well be a bit soft as well. So um yeah, this whole idea that that sales will continue to trend higher. I mean, you know, I think they probably will. we've we've got low lowish mortgage rates. We've got a slowly recovering economy. Those things would push property sales higher, but you know, maybe that upward trend isn't as clear-cut as as it might have been going back to tail end of last year. So, um yeah, it's it's it's definitely one to watch. And I guess you know all economic and property market indicators at the moment are prone to bit of variability and and we you know we're operating in this environment I guess at the moment where you know lots of data series are available up to January up to February but we all know that March onwards is going to look pretty different and you know we don't really get a lot of those those March indicators for another couple of weeks really in terms of those flagship data sets. We've got real-time indicators, wholesale interest rates, and you know, share market changes and that sort of thing. Obviously, oil prices, you know, every every sort of one minute we're getting updates on that, but um but yeah, those those sort of monthly rolling series of of economic and property market indicators, we're still just waiting for a little bit. So, um yeah, that's going to be interesting to watch this. I guess that's going to be the big issue in the data for over the next four to six weeks, just seeing how that's starting to roll through. Um, so but yeah, general terms of property market activity, it's it's, you know, been a sluggish start to the year, but within that environment, first-time home buyers still doing really well. So, um, probably the main message. Yeah. Yeah. No, definitely. And I think, yeah, I'm sort of leaning the same as you in terms of, you know, how much can you attribute February's weaker sales to December strength? But I think there's probably something in it. The only thing that's sort of making me probably take pause a bit more with that was I saw your chart that you put together for your internal sort of weekly update to uh Kotali staff and that chart of like annual change uh of sales volumes and you can just see it trending downwards. So yes, it's still positive most months. I know the last couple weren't, but you can just see it slowing down. So it does look like it's kind of, you know, maybe we do can actually call this a bit of fatigue. Like we've seen increasing sales volumes. they're still going up generally especially on an annual basis but maybe is going to sort of reach a bit of a crescendo at some stage soon. Um I also wonder you know that our forecast for sales volumes we sort of had you know volumes going from 91,000 last year to around about 100,000 this year but those that forecast is obviously based on uh forecasts from the Reserve Bank around GDP and migration and interest rates and and inflation and stuff like that. All of which are now a little bit old too. So I suspect once we get updated versions of those it's going to dial back those sales volume forecasts. So I do wonder if you know seeing sales volumes hit 100K might be a little bit optimistic at this stage and it will come dialed back a bit if we don't see that economic growth this year that we expected. So yeah I'm starting to lean more towards saying actually this slowdown's a bit more real. We've seen it sort of take hold in Tonga first. Now there's signs of Wellington you know more on a more consistent basis you know tracking sideways year on year. So, I just wonder if actually maybe we're going to get to to, you know, maybe it's only going to be 91 to 95,000 sales this year. So, that growth is going to dial back more than we originally thought. Um, just when you see that longerterm trend of that sales volume growth slowing down. So, I'm sort of leaning more towards that at the moment. And and as you say, the problem is going to be even once we get March sales volumes, you're not going to know how much of it's, you know, just affected by general volatility, how much of it's going to be sustained due to that conflict and and how much that's going to affect sentiment in the market and deals being done. So yeah, who really knows? But um that's the hard thing right now is that yeah, the the good data takes a while to come through. Some of the more immediate measures are really useful and we'll talk about some of those shortly from an economic perspective. um but because they're not tier one statistics, they don't get as much um you know as much weight put into them anyway. But uh yes, I think that's where I'm leaning on the sales transactions. The other thing on the bio classification data I wanted to touch on was the fact that I did do a little bit more work to understand those movers and their behavior. uh as you said, we've sort of focused on them quite a bit and we've talked about the fact that yeah, when the I suppose there's a bit of a a circle here when the economic recovery comes in, they'll come back and they'll help the economic recovery, but they'll also see the property market likely start to spin its wheels a bit faster and see the broader market have some upward pressure on prices. Um, and that sort of is backed up by some work I just did just looking at like if you compare what people pay compared to the RV, CV, GV, whatever you want to call it, only because that's a consistent measure. We could do it compared to our AVM, automated valuation model, evalu. But if you do that CV, it's only relevant for a location itself because those CVs are all done at one date. All I do is then look at how that compares in that area, in this case in Oakland, and see if there's a different sort of premium paid between that sale price and that CV for different buyer groups. And generally movers are paying more recently about 2% more than what a first home buyer is. And I think it makes sense. You know, they probably they've got the buying power. If they are active in that market, they probably get a bit more room to move upwards. And so they're willing to do that once they're active or once they actually are determined to buy a property. And so that also just feeds into that thinking, right, that once these movers come back out from not being as active in the last few years that it will likely see some more upward pressure on prices too. So um you know, importantly, as you mentioned, you know, this economic recovery and maybe these movers coming back is now going to be stalled or delayed a little bit anyway. But I think it does point to some evidence that says, yeah, once that part of the market gets moving, which is that middle to upper tier, people moving to their second or their next property from their previous one, they will drive a bit of upward pressure in that market, you know, a bit more competition and and obviously, you know, frees up a property for maybe a new time entrant to come into as well and and provide that opportunity for those guys to enter. So, that was another one that I just had a look at recently, which I think is worth touching on. Um, but yeah, again, the relevancy might be pushed back a bit further because that economic recovery is not going to be quite as soon as we expected. So yeah, but I will leave a link to the full chart pack anyway. There's way more than those things we cover. It's a good recap of everything. Um, you know, worthwhile. Download that thing, chuck it into your local, you know, your favorite AI tool as well and and, um, use it to, you know, to to ask any questions of and and get your take on that as well. And there's a bit of regional things as well, particularly for those in the main centers. So yeah, do go and read the article on that one, download that report and keep that one on file. And um yeah, we'll continue to to track all that stuff regularly and uh and it'll be a core part of our commentary as well. But um yeah, any anything else on the chart pack or the the release the media focused on before we move on to our macroeconomic release this week? Calvin, >> I think that's it. I think that's it. Yeah, I can hardly remember yesterday, let alone last week. I think uh I think the media response was okay. Yeah, I mean, you know, any any sort of media reaction at the moment's going to depend on what else is going on at the time with with oil prices and things, but um yeah. Yeah, it always goes down pretty well. People like a like a good set of charts. So, um yeah, it's one of our one of our more popular ones. >> Yeah. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Knuckle. Well, then let's look at the uh economic data, particularly the Q4 GDP result, which was out last week. And yep, noting it's a pretty big lag since Q4 finished. Um but ultimately the headline here was that it was weaker than expected. So still positive at 0.2% growth in the quarter. Um but yeah weaker than most forecasts had expected for that quarter and we got to acknowledge this is well before any uncertainty or volatility come around from um global conflict happening now in Iran too. Um you've sort of um hypothesized I suppose that you could maybe see this as a good thing. still some growth but not as strong and so there's still obviously required support for the economy which for anyone in the housing market can be seen as a good thing. Jai talk us through that and I think ultimately get us to a position where you how do you think the Reserve Bank will read this? Um one of the things I've been noting more recently or coming up is that both the governor and a Breman and the chief economist Paul Paul Conway from the Reserve Bank are speaking tomorrow at an event. Uh it's the first time we will have heard from them officially since the conflict in Iran. So I'll be watching and and paying quite close attention to those speeches and see how much they acknowledge that and how they're going to read on that one. But prior to that obviously happening, we need to get our position on it and and what we think they're going to say. So yeah, tell us about the sort of economic release uh your read on it, how you think Reserve Bank will respond to it and and some of the key things that you're focusing on as to how they might you know make their decisions based on that result itself and some of the more recent releases that have come out in the economy as well. >> Yeah. Yeah. So well I mean 2% pretty I mean undershot the range of expectations in advance was quite wide. So um but generally it it undersshot some expectations. I think the RBNZ for example had.5%. Uh so you know generally on the lower side um there are some quirks with the numbers. I don't fully understand it but there's there's technical reasons why uh this this might not genuinely be the number. The actual result could end up being a little bit higher because of sort of with waitings of different sectors and that they they're always rebasing these things through time. So revisions can be made and so point two might might just be a little bit softer than the the real economy the the actual result. So we could see that revised up in due course but but either way still a little bit little bit disappointing I guess. I mean farming was was a strong contributor. Construction went backwards again. So you know there is that variability. It's not like everything's weak. you know that there is uh there are some sectors of the economy doing okay but yeah generally uh added up to 02% growth which was which was a little bit sort of understated a little bit disappointing um I mean you know do we worry too much about it not really because it was it's always a bit outdated and of course even more outdated now given given what's been going on I mean we're not going to know I was thinking about it earlier that we'll get the Q1 GDP numbers in you know the middle of June but even that's going to have January and February in it which was which was you know unaffected by by the Iran conflict. So even those Q1 numbers will only have March in it. So you know even those numbers aren't going to be a true reflection of of kind of what's been going on. We we'll have to wait till September to get the Q2 numbers and who knows hopefully I mean hopefully it's all over in you know a few weeks time. So you know this this might uh it might be hard to really get a true picture of all of this in the data and we might not know for a long time anyway. So that's um kind of a wee bit of a a bit of intrigue or a little bit of a tricky one around all of this. But I mean yeah in terms of the the bad news is good scenario I guess you know for people that's only really think in relation to people with debt and and you know worried about higher interest rates is that you know because the because actual activity didn't rise as much as what people might have been anticipating. it implies that there's there's still spare capacity out there. You know, this this actual growth hasn't really absorbed any of that spare capacity. So, people are still operating below where they could be. Um that's a that's a sort of downwards influence on inflation. Therefore, suggesting the Reserve Bank um you know, has still has a bit of scope to to leave interest rates where they are. You know, they don't necessarily need to be rushing to to push the OCR up because they've they've always said all along, you know, we think there's a decent degree of spare capacity. it's probably still there because the economy itself hasn't really been growing that much. So, you know, yeah, argues for for flatter official cash rate, flatter mortgage rates. You know, yes, there's there's other influences on mortgage rates, what's going on in global markets, that's that's I think seen a couple of banks at least raise their raised their mortgage rates in the past couple of days. But yeah, if you want to take a if if you've got debt and you want to take a a positive view of this, the positive view is that it, you know, argues for for lower for longer interest rates. So, um, yeah, I think I mean, do we do we pay too much attention to GDP numbers? Probably not. It's it's kind of old news. Um, but there is that sort of silver lining in there for people who who want interest rates to stay low. I mean, in terms of what the Reserve Bank does, well, yeah, we we'll see what what comes out over the next couple of days. Um, you know, like I say, they they've been pretty clear all along. I think the spare capac spare productive capacity are there. So, not necessarily going to be in any rush to raise the official cash rate. And of course, there's nothing they can do about higher oil prices and higher imported petrol prices and all of that anyway. So, you know, those sort of so-called first round inflation affects what what we're all paying now at the at the petrol station, that's that's something they they simply can't do anything about. So, um, that that fact as well as the the spare capacity I think is out there, I guess for me, just means it's you would hope for now a sort of yep, we're not losing sight of inflation for sure. You know, we're still worried about it, but we don't necessarily think there's a need to rush either. You would you would hope that's the the sort of communication message that that came through. And actually, that was sort of the message at the last monetary policy statement, even before this this whole thing kicked off. they they acknowledged, yep, we're probably going to have to raise the official cash rate at some point, but we're not going to do it yet. So, yeah, maybe that line sticks around. A lot more uncertainty around that now, of course, but yeah, that you think underlying it all is is is hopefully that message. So, um yeah, that's kind of where I sit. >> Yeah, that's it's really interesting, right? And I think every time we're going to talk about this, it's all going to come down to how long this conflict goes on. And unfortunately, over the last week, it's like every day it feels like it's going to go longer than we thought the day before. So that's obviously not good. Does that mean do you think that there's more chance that the uh broader inflation impacts of higher oil prices are going to flow through to other parts of the economy? Uh or do we still sit in this position where because we're paying more into those things that are affected by higher oil prices so there's less in other areas which is going to you know reduce inflation of those things and obviously the economy as you talked about with it being weaker there's downward pressure on that. How do you sort of balance those two things up? I'm pretty sure it's the same conversation we had last week. Um, and you sort of talked more uh in our conversations about these second round impacts of inflation as well. What do we mean by that? How is that likely to play out? How are we going to know when we're in this position? Like how do we know, you know, how if the Reserve Bank now are trying to control inflation in the medium term and let's say that's 6 to9 months away, how do we how do we know what's going to be happening in 6 to9 months? And I know it's dependent on the length of the conflict, but yeah, talk us through the potential for that. >> Yeah. Uh I mean, in lie of having a big sort of massive spreadsheet model of the economy and how all these things interact and what the waitings are, I'm kind of, you know, got spreadsheet in my head that's kind of a bit of a gut feel. I mean, yeah, there's there's a few things going on in there. I mean, you know, the second round inflation effects, people might start to hear that mentioned. It's all about it's not just that straight up um immediate, hey, price at the petrol station went up. That's that's sort of direct first round impacts that that's what the Reserve Bank can't control. They're not necessarily worried. I mean, they're going to be worried about it, but um only to the extent that that flows through to lasting so-called second round effects, which is where a trucking company to, you know, to get goods around the country that they're paying more for fuel as well. So, they're going to have to raise their selling prices. That feeds into input costs for somebody else. You know, a supermarket has to charge more because it's costing them more to get the goods in. um farmers, you know, diesel prices going up for for that production. I mean, farmers are largely price takers. I guess they can't really set prices, but still across the economy, that second round impact is the the wider, you know, that flow through from from higher fuel prices, what that does to costs of production and then how that feeds through to kind of more lasting inflation. Um the manufacturers, the they use energy as well, so their costs are going up. They're going to have to pass that on if they can. I mean in a in a sluggish economy there's there's there's a limit to how much price rises can be passed through but you know all these things get really circular and there's kind of this interaction thing. So, so yeah, that the second round impacts are all it's it's that it's that that flow through to wider economy, wider production costs, how that comes through to inflation. And I guess also how it impacts inflation expectations, you know, if people are thinking, gee, this thing's going to last for a while. Petrol prices are going to be higher for a while, diesel costs are going to be higher for a while. You know, I'm going to have to actually pass this through. I can't absorb it. I'm going to have to pass it on. So, you know, the inflation kind of becomes a bit more embedded and and and that's where uh the Reserve Bank will get more concerned about it if it's it's passing through to what people are are expecting as well because that plays a role in in what the Reserve Bank does. So, um but yeah, at the same time, if things are costing more, if you if you're paying more for your petrol, if if firms are paying more for petrol, diesel, all of this, you know, there's less discretionary money available for other things. I mean, households are are going to have to pay more at the petrol station. there's less to spend at the grocery shop or or wherever at the restaurant. So, you know, the uh overall spending takes a takes a hit from that. So, there's, you know, there is circularity here and this is what will go into the big treasury models and the reserve being models. I've just got one in my head which I'm kind of sort of weighing all this up, but um yeah, so it's it's definitely not clearcut. Um, but I I think for me, you know, there's the big uncertainty about how long it'll last, but I guess I just probably worry more about the wider economic impact. It's it's the it's the real economy. If um if people having to pay more for for petrol, if this is um you know, crimping business spending, business activity, then eventually there's going to be a a downwards economic impact here and especially global uncertainty as well. I mean, you know, we just talked about the GDP numbers. it was pretty much held up by agriculture. If if we can't export as much, if you know, if shipping's disrupted, um all of that stuff, that that's going to that's going to hurt the economy for sure. And and with the spare capacity that already exists, uh you know, that will hopefully hold inflation a bit lower than it otherwise might have been, but then that weakening economy would would bring down inflation as well. So um you know I tend to lean more towards the side of of of um sort of being cautious about the economy and that should sort of keep some sort of level of reassurance at the Reserve Bank in terms of how much they really need to react with higher interest rates. But uh they've only got one target and that is the inflation rate. And so you know almost whatever the economy is doing they've got the target of inflation and if inflation's going up it gets uh gets a we bit awkward. So, I'm I'm conscious of that sort of trade-off as well and that um conflict there between weighing up the balance of higher inflation versus the weak economy. So, yeah, that's what other people have to weigh up, I guess, when they make these decisions, but for me, in the back of my mind, I just think this this this can't be good for the economy. Yes, there's inflation impact in the near term, maybe the medium term, but ultimately this is a negative story for the economy. So, that should eventually bring inflation back down. And you know, the thing I guess that's been maybe missing if you want to put it that way in the housing market has probably been a a confidence factor, a sort of job security factor. Maybe that's starting to come back. But then boom, along comes this this Iran thing. And that confidence factor is surely going to to go missing again. So um yeah, and that's going to be across the property market and the economy too. So I think that's probably the thing in in my mind mostly, but we're definitely going to have an inflation impact and if it feeds through to those second round effects and it feeds through to inflation expectations, then yeah, the reserve bank will will definitely have to do something at that point. So we're maybe not there yet, but um yeah, there's a a lot to watch. >> Yeah, there is. And that's why I think it's so intriguing at the moment, right? And yeah, I just wonder as you say, yes, they're not trying to control the GDP or the econ economic growth necessarily, but they know that what economic growth is doing today or expectations for economic growth at the moment or tomorrow or next quarter and the quarter after that, like you said, that has an influence on where inflation goes. And that's why it's so important, right? Even though they're not trying to go, oh, we need to speed up the economy, it's actually what the economy is doing is going to have an influence on inflation in 6, 9, 12 months, whatever it is. That's why it's so intertwined. And that's why I think yeah, you get strong debates on this. We can probably talk forever about it because there's no one read on this. And that's why I always say we can say what we suggest they should do or whatever as much as we want. It's really about what we think they will do, how we've learned from their style or their expectations and how they speak as to then what they're going to decide to do as well, which is why I think they speak tomorrow. We'll certainly pay close attention to that. I think from an oil perspective, um, you know, we haven't really heard from the government. I think they're pretty close to agreeing what sort of support they're going to provide for petrol prices probably in particular. Um, it doesn't sound like it'll be very broad, but that's that's okay. Um, but once we know more about that, too. That'll give us a feel for, you know, how much true inflation people will be feeling on this as well and and how much it'll be across the board or for certain sectors or for certain, you know, if it's in it's in business or if it's just at the lower income or whatever, maybe more targeted. we haven't really heard from that too. So that's going to have an influence I think on a on a broader perspective. So yeah, that's why I think it's so interesting at the moment. The other thing I just want to touch on really briefly was we did have a couple of other you know those faster and moving economic releases. We had the performance of services index which is obviously a pretty important one for February um came out last week that wasn't really good but then the retail card spending data was better. um selected price indices data which I think makes 45% of the basket that came through too showed higher inflation than expected in February. So look I don't want to go into too greater detail here but I think ultimately again this all this does is reinforce what we're talking about which is we got a stuttering economy. It still hadn't even taken off you know really before all this conflict happened. it's going to have downward pressure on the broader economy. And so, you know, we're in a pretty precarious position from an economic perspective. And as you said, that means probably some downward pressure on inflation over the longer term, but also we're in a heightened inflation position, too, because it is higher than we thought. You know, all the other things that we're measuring, and that's like food prices and and those insuranceances and all the other things proving more sticky and longerlasting than we expected. And so, those are holding up more. And maybe that means that Reserve Bank does need to do more to reduce the inflation of those things because if they're playing paying higher inflation for all those things on top of petrol, that is not a good situation and they need to control that domestic uh inflation as well. So yeah, it it does put you in put them in particular in a pretty sticky spot. You know, there's the the the term stagflation's come back again. you know, that we're going to see a stagnant economy with um with inflation continuing to grow, which is the worst position for us to be in from a from a Reserve Bank perspective. So, yeah, tricky spot. We'll wait and see what they say. Um I don't know. Is there anything else you want to add on that lasting conversation around the uh economy, Calvin, and then I just want to talk about a few um other news or or comment that we had as well and and wrap up for today. >> Yeah, just so we comment about the property market. I mean part of that selected price ind indices indexes releases rents and so just to note that the the property rents remain really weak. Um the the stock measure the stats New Zealand publishes which is across all existing tenencies a sort of slower moving measure but it was only up by.9% over the past year. That's that's the lowest annual change in in the stock measure of rents for at least I think it was going back 18 19 years. That was as far back as I could see in the series. So, uh, I mean, property rents just just really really weak at the moment. Great for great for tenants, I guess. Not not so good for landlords. There's always that two sides. But, um, yeah, so there's not much inflation coming from the property market anyway, whether you look at uh rents, house building costs, um, property prices themselves is uh, it's all it's all pretty soft and and yeah, just to reiterate your comment about the Reserve Bank there, this is this is their like their absolute worst case position to be in. You've got you got a sluggish economy that's not really showing much growth. you've got inflation going up in the meantime driven by things initially that they can't control anyway. What do they do? So, um yeah, that that communication is going to be really interesting over the next couple of days. You you you'd hope they sort of stick to the line and just say, "Look, you know, we're just monitoring. We're not going to have any knee-jerk reactions, but yeah, the big question is how long it goes for and they can't keep that line forever." So, it's yeah, going to be interesting to watch. >> Exactly. Yeah. How much they can they quell the market, right? because I've seen today that those I think you mentioned it earlier as well that those 2-year swap rates and other swap rates have gone up and so the banks are pricing in those increases to the OCR sooner rather than later. Uh you know can they force those back down again? I don't know from a speech or otherwise or you know will they not be able to do much until they republish forecasts in May and you know if they are a lot more different to the rest of the economists and and the market's pricing then maybe that can have an impact but otherwise yeah it's hard not to see you know those interest rates continuing to grow um forecast of the official cash rate to rise sooner rather than later. Not saying it's going to happen in April or in May, but certainly it's bringing that forward from maybe not just November, but further forward. But again, so much to to balance up there with the economy as well. So, we'll wait and see on that one. Certainly, yeah, pay attention to that tomorrow afternoon and and uh I'm sure, you know, it'll be covered next week's podcast. I do have to mention that I won't be in the podcast next week. I've been called up for jury duty. So, I know you're going to call in our chief economist from Australia who's pretty good in the global impact side of things, too. So, I'm sure there's a great chat on on everything about that and some of the local things too. So, I can look forward to that one and you can break down that that speech next week. Um, but otherwise much want to acknowledge that uh this week we do have our mapping the market data uh updated. If you go to the website right now, actually the data is already up to date, but we've got a an article going to media tomorrow for Wednesday. So, keep an eye out for that one. Did want to also acknowledge we got a comment on last week's podcast when we're talking about affordability um from Carl Horn. I just want to read it out. I think you guys need to stop looking at averages and do some case studies using actual people. I think when you use that model and look at wealth distribution in New Zealand, you will have a very different result. And I just wanted to acknowledge that question. I think it's a really good point. Obviously, I we try and do our best to acknowledge that, you know, we have to use measures such as medians and averages when looking at these types of things around affordability. Um, you know, because there's no other way of doing it when you're trying to create a measure. And we've got four measures of affordability, but the main thing we're looking at is relativity over time and relativity between different regions to see what areas might be more attractive from a an affordability perspective. Absolutely acknowledge that, you know, the data when it's an average or a median doesn't tell the full story and and I think that's why we do try and try and put a realterm context on it. you know, we are out there talking to people, getting those real stories, understanding what's happening at the front line as well to try and add to that conversation because I think, yeah, there's some, you know, sometimes the media do too much focus on case studies and they're not real or they're not, they're real, but they're not representative and then the data itself obviously needs to be um, you know, added to with some case studies and some real life impacts as well. So, um, I think, you know, we we we tried to do that coverage. I thought you did a good job last week to talk about that relativity that yes, things are more affordable than they have been the last few years. Not the best they've ever been, but back to long-term averages. Um, it's better than it has been last few years, but that's not to say things are affordable or that they're easy right now. Um, whether you're trying to save for a deposit, whether you're trying to secure that mortgage from the bank, you know, it's still pretty difficult, but it's certainly more easy now than it has been the last couple of years. And and I hope we do a good job at trying to present that. But, uh, yeah, thanks to K for obviously pointing that out. And yeah, totally agree that, you know, we need to look at it from a more broad perspective, add those anecdotal ones on top of the real data and then and then we tell that present that full story based on all that information, too. So, um yeah, once again, thanks for the comment and and again, you can either text us or you can comment directly on the um platform you're listening through. We catch all of those. So, appreciate getting in touch. Anything else on that or anything else among the broad economy or market that you want to chat about, Calvin? No, I think that's it. Or or planning to >> Yeah, exactly. Yeah, I mean that like I say often that that keeps us in a job, mate. Uh any uncertainties or whatever and helping us to, you know, try and find something else to try and digest and then tell that story and and hopefully bring it to market in terms that people can understand and help to make help them to make a different or smarter decision off the back of that. That's what we're here to try and do. But that will wrap us up for our property economic discussion today. Um, if that is all you're here for, then yep, all those links that I've spoken about are in the show notes below. And, uh, Calvin and Jared will will catch you next Monday. But before we do head off, Calvin, as per usual, um, keen to get your highlight of your weekend from, I don't know, sporting personal, how's the weather down there, mate? How'd you get on? >> Yeah. Uh, sounds a bit cliched or a bit dull or whatever, but probably the weather was the highlight. I guess you don't want to make it a weather podcast, but yeah, just um, I don't know, nice autumn weather. You can just do a few things. We had my daughter had cricket. I played a bit of golf uh Sunday afternoon and yeah, not saying family time is always easy, but um there's definitely ups and downs, but everyone was pretty good in the weekend. It was just a nice nice sort of relaxed weekend, which I think is is aided by the by, you know, just warm autumn days. So, um no, it was it was it was good. I feel feel pretty good about that. And and I mean the WS sporting, you'd probably have to say that's that's the big thing on the New Zealand sporting front at the moment, top of the table. I wish it was the Raiders, but you know, if it can't be the Raiders, uh you know, we'll go for the W as my second team. So, um yeah. No, things are things are good. Feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feeling feel feel feel feel feel feel feel feeling positive. >> They're only three weeks in, so I think everyone just needs to calm down. But yeah, no doubt some good results. >> 38 and then or more points in all three games. So, your signs are good. No doubt. But yeah, look, like I say, the sun just brings out the smiles, right? And and kids seem to be happier. And yeah, look, that's probably my highlight, too, was beautiful weather here. Yeah, I can blame you now for bringing it up. um because otherwise it's just a typical Wellington Tony and basking in the glory of the few days that we get in the sun. But uh yeah, we had great weather over the whole weekend too. And yeah, we had um my wife's mom came up and looked after the kids. We had this event on uh Saturday afternoon called an urban cocktail trail. So that was really cool. You know, like you bought an event ticket, it got you six cocktails. You sort of move between different bars throughout the day. We seem to be following the sun throughout the whole afternoon. You got a discount on some lunch as well at some stage. So yeah, and sort of stuck around um for the evening too with some friends. Um so yeah, had a great old afternoon and and yeah, as you say, nice to uh avoid the the the family parenting job in the evening as well. So didn't get home until after the kids were in bed. So yeah, certainly enjoyed a good day and afternoon there and and even um yesterday really good weather again and we had our first and only preseason football match before football season starts in a few weeks time and and that went well too and good to get some time on the legs. So yeah, mate, feeling feeling pretty good about things and and maybe even a touch of sunburn even though I sunscreened up. So that just tells you exactly how good it was here in Welli. So uh but no, we'll leave it at that, mate. >> Sweet. Nice one. Yeah, it sounds like the weather's a good theme across the country. >> Yeah, exactly. And a bit of a pity I couldn't get to the cricket yesterday cuz it did look nice down there. Although, as you and I spoke about before we uh hit record today, sometimes you just wonder how much better it would have been if it was at the basin rather than the stadium. I don't know what the crowd was like, but uh you know, bit of bit of sun at the basin on a Sunday afternoon would have been would have been prime uh way to spend your time. But uh you know, the stadium it is and and also the result didn't go well either, so we can probably be a little bit more grumpy about things. >> Yeah, for sure. Yeah, it was looking okay up until the last bit when it didn't look okay. But um yeah, that's sport. >> Almost like old school black caps. Just a bit of capitulation in that in that those middle orders and those middle overs, but uh is what it is. >> Yep. >> Now all good mate. I will close us out there, but thanks for you. Thanks per as per usual for your insights, you know, with the the conflict in in Iran. I think every week we're going to be leaning on you for how the Reserve Bank's going to be taking on this one. So, I appreciate all your thoughts there. Uh, so say thanks again for listening. Please do get in touch with any questions or feedback. Please do go and chuck a fivestar review hopefully on the podcast player you're listening through right now and feel free to chuck a comment or a question on there as well. We do uh read all of those as I said earlier. So, that's all for today. My name is Nick. He's Calvin. You've been listening to New Zealand Property Market Podcast. Mwa.

- The Market is Changing!: Kind: captions Language: en ladies and gentlemen the housing market is changing now here's some insight into what's to come for our Sellers and our home buyers of the near future now in an attempt to combat inflation the FED is expected to raise interest rates to around seven percent by the end of the year while we're currently sitting in the mid-60s but how does this apply to you well to put things in perspective in 2021 we were definitely in a seller's market while the interest rates were in the lows twos threes and fours sellers were getting their homes sold in a week with several offers above asking and in cash now over the past year in 2022 we've shifted into a bit of a buyer's market but don't just take it from some young Babyface realtor you found on Tick Tock okay just from my local MLS alone we've been seeing a lot more price reductions even just within the past seven days compared to the new listings that are showing up homes are on the market longer things are being sold the low asking they're having price reductions and sellers are giving closing costs now the rising interest rate is usually what scares a lot of buyers but if you just talk to your trustee lender they'll probably tell you this little piece of advice you date the rate but you marry the home you date the rate but you marry the home you can always refinance later down the line but you get to stay in the home you love isn't that nice no if you like quick and relevant financial news and education as well as all things real estate please feel free to follow my new page Market Movers as well as my Instagram for more

- Trending Now: Why Are the French Moving? | Trending News: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a recent sha loger study reveals that love work and the pursuit of better living conditions Drive frequent relocations among the French released on March 6th the findings indicate that 60% of moves are motivated by romantic relationships with 43% relocating to cohabitate and 25% moving due to a child's arrival the average age for leaving the parental home is 21 with nearly 99% citing new jobs as reasons for moving on average the French relocate over four times in their lives with Al of France residents averaging 3.8 moves and those in the southwest averaging 5.3 only 133% view their relocations is emotionless

- Grim picture for Australia’s first home buyers: Kind: captions Language: en There's no denying the great Australian dream of owning a home is increasingly feeling out of reach for young [music] people. With house prices continuing to skyrocket and smash new records, many are wondering what the country's real estate landscape might look like if [music] things continue in this direction. Data compiled by the Australian property payment platform Coposite reveals the answer. And it's not [music] pretty. The company used data from the Australian Bureau of Statistics, Call Logic, and Your [music] Mortgage to find the 2025 median house prices in four of our capital cities. Coposite then applied a long-term average 4% yearly growth rate to project prices to 2050 [music] with truly confronting results. Sydney's median house price, set at 1.55 million for 2025, is predicted to more than double in the next 25 [music] years to 3.88 million. For Melbourne, the median house price of 953,000 is projected to skyrocket to $2.56 million. The data shows Perth's current median house price at $895,000 is predicted to hit $2.4 million by 2050. [music] While these figures may seem absurd, they align with long-term growth trajectories seen over the past decades [music] back to 1990. Co-osite chief executive officer and co-founder Chris [music] Ferris says seeing these numbers is confronting. It shows just how quickly affordability is slipping away, [music] particularly in capital cities and major employment hubs like Sydney and Brisbane, where the gap between wages and home values [music] continues to widen. He says the prediction paints a grim picture for first home [music] buyers. The average age of first home buyers is now 37, according to the Australian Bureau of Statistics. We are creating a generation of renters who no longer believe owning property is an option for them. Ferris [music] says, "If this trend continues, we risk losing the idea of property ownership as part of the Australian dream. Property prices in Sydney have reached the point where young people feel like they have no option but to leave the city to become homeowners. In the June 2025 quarter, Sydney ciders accounted for [music] 60% of the net outflow from all count's capitals into the regions. The latest regional movers index report states regional New South Wales and Queensland welcome the largest share of people leaving capital cities [music] with 34% and 31% respectively. While many young people feel it's unfair, [music] one young landlord says being able to buy a first home in a major city like Sydney shouldn't be an expectation. [music] Well-known property investor Jack Henderson sparked outrage earlier this year, claiming that only rich people should expect to own a home in Sydney. [music] Rich people live in Sydney. And if you're not rich, I don't give a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] But you can't live in Sydney. That's the end of the story. Any country evolves, the population gets greater, best cities become more expensive. If you are born in the US today, do you go, I can't believe I can't afford to buy a property in [music] New York? Of course you don't, cuz it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] New York and rich people live in New York. And in Sydney, be rich or don't live here. Like that's how I feel.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dlxgrg [20 likes]: Not Dying, It's Dead.
  2. @Opedddd [7 likes]: Everyone in Parliament should get capital punishment for failing this country. Watch what happens when things go too far, it'll either be civil justice, or blue collar justice
  3. @henry1_2_3 [4 likes]: Comment by Jack Henderson drawing comparisons between Australia and the US is a dumb one. Australia has 5 major cities with most of the jobs and population in the two large cities. 

Whereas, in the US, you don't have to live in either New York or Los Angeles to have a high paying job. So much choice such as Atlanta, Seattle, Chicago, Houston etc all over the country whereas you can't live in 80% of Australia as it's desert.
  4. @khanhdang4699 [2 likes]: It is a very simple solution!  Stopping migration will significantly lower house prices
  5. @Ragnar6000 [2 likes]: Divorce rates are at a 50 year low, as people are trapped in dead marriages they can't get out off, due to housing cost! 
This will push suicide rates up!
  6. @newscomauhq [1 likes]: Grim picture for Australia’s first home buyers

#breakingnews #australia #housingmarket #rentalproperty 

The great Australian dream — owning a home — is slipping further out of reach, especially for young people.

With house prices continuing to smash records, new projections paint a confronting picture of what’s ahead if current trends continue.

Property platform Coposit analysed data from the ABS, CoreLogic and Your Mortgage to forecast median house prices through to 2050. Using a long-term average growth rate of four per cent, the outlook isn’t encouraging.

Sydney’s median house price, currently around $1.55 million, could soar to $3.88 million by 2050. In Melbourne, the median could climb from $953,000 to $2.56 million. Perth’s median house price — $895,000 this year — is projected to reach $2.4 million, while Brisbane’s could jump from $1.06 million to $2.84 million.

Coposit CEO Chris Ferris says the numbers show how quickly affordability is slipping away, especially in major cities where wages simply aren’t keeping up. He warns that Australia is “creating a generation of renters” — young people who no longer believe home ownership is within reach.

According to the ABS, the average age of first home buyers is now 37. And many are leaving capital cities altogether. In mid-2025, Sydney alone accounted for 60 per cent of the net outflow from all capitals to regional areas. Most of those movers headed to regional New South Wales or Queensland.

But not everyone is sympathetic. Property investor Jack Henderson made headlines earlier this year after saying that “only rich people should expect to own a home in Sydney.” He compared it to New York, arguing that big global cities will always be expensive and not everyone can afford to live there.

Still, for many Australians, the idea that home ownership might no longer be part of the national dream is a sobering thought — one that raises questions about what kind of future young people can realistically hope for.

Connect With news.com.au Online ► [https://www.news.com.au] https://bit.ly/3WC8hOP
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Follow Us:
Facebook ► [https://www.facebook.com/news.com.au/]
Instagram ► [https://www.instagram.com/newscomauhq/?hl=en]
TikTok ► [@news.com.au]
X ► [https://twitter.com/newscomauHQ]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
Subscribe To Our YouTube Channel
For The Very Latest News From Australia And Around The World:
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/shorts]
► [https://www.youtube.com/@newscomauhq/videos]
▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬▬
  7. @adampatrick9639 [1 likes]: It could be fixed in a day if our politicians weren't so corrupt.  Now we're headed to a future of crime, overpopulation, rising costs and societal decline. Is it really a good idea to price your soldiers and emergency services out of their own country? No.
  8. @EastWood2004 [1 likes]: I am really worried for next generation. 
We should look after our young people because they will look after the societal security system for current old people.  
We should introduce some meaningful inheritance tax and wealth tax. It is ridiculous to see that a 6 Mil home owner doesn’t not pay any cgt and land tax.
  9. @neilc4544 [1 likes]: Housing is out of reach, unemployment is rising, everything is getting expensive every day, and govt is pouring in million people each month. What can probably go wrong ⁉️
  10. @adiintel1 [1 likes]: Its like Australia wants serfdom back.
  11. @Glimmer-t44 [1 likes]: 1:20 it shows how quickly affordability is slipping away. It is not slipping away, it's already out of reach for almost 95% of the population. How dumb you have to be to understand and accept this simple fact? 🤷
  12. @YeTenuousUmbrae: The solution is obvious. Cut immigration and get rid of cgt discount and neg gearing. The politicians who've allowed for Australia to get to this are traitors and deserve to be punished accordingly.
  13. @TasteFullAdventure: Tooooo many SlumLords in this country and snd a treasonous Gov
  14. @JanitorLife: Good luck paying it off with a low wager
  15. @AA.AA.399: Renting is so much better, think about not paying a council rates or strata fee, no water rates no need for a house insurance and no interest rates too. Just rent Forever.😅
  16. @stevenmartin6271: Tell
Me
Something
I
Don’t
Know
  17. @cameronsmith937: First home buyers hahahaha if your lucky maybe caravan or shop front  have to change that wording sound like they provide something
  18. @yogchavan415001: You can still get 4 bedroom houses in clyde north in Melbourne for under 750k
  19. @trythis2821: The average young adult either gets help from their parents or they are not able to buy. Not many people starting out can afford  a million dollar home. Sydney being even more unaffordable.
  20. @alereon: It wont' go that high as wages cannot keep up.

- New Jersey Housing CRISIS: Inventory COLLAPSE Triggers BUBBLE WARNING: Kind: captions Language: en New Jersey home prices jumped nearly half in 5 years, yet the lines to buy keep getting longer. Here's the picture. In October 2025, the median listing price across New Jersey sat at $550,000. That is 44.7% higher than October 2019, when the median was $380,000. Prices even crested at a state record of $590,000 in July 2024 before easing back. But if you expected that to cool the rush, think again. In October, there were just 17,600 homes for sale statewide, down from roughly 40,400 in October 2019. That is a gap of 56.4% the third biggest shortfall versus pre-pandemic levels in the country. The result feels like a paradox. Inventory has climbed on an annual basis for 19 straight months, and prices have posted five consecutive months of annual declines. Yet supply remains so tight that buyers still have to sprint. Look closely at who's sprinting. New Jersey's draw stretches far beyond its borders. In the third quarter of 2025, New Yorkers hunting outside the five boroughs sent 12.9% of their out-of-city listing views across the Hudson. That share marked the biggest annual increase among the top 10 destinations for those city dwellers, up 1.4 percentage points from the same months in 2024. The trend lines point toward staying near the orbit of New York City. In that same window, 14.1% of New Yorkers' out-of-city views stayed within New York State itself, up 1.1 points year-over-year. By contrast, Florida captured 10.4%, [music] but its draw from New York City slipped 1.3 points from a year earlier. Pennsylvania landed 10.7%, up 1.2. Connecticut and North Carolina each took 5.1% followed by Ohio at 5%, Massachusetts at 3.5, Michigan at 3.2, and Georgia at 3.2. What is pushing this surge into New Jersey? Start with access, jobs, and the lifestyle trade that keeps Manhattan close but not [music] mandatory. Several of New Jersey's counties within the New York City metro area rocketed up 44 positions to rank as the 158th hottest large market in September. In the same spirit, two Garden State zip codes, Wayne and Martleton, ranked among the hottest in America for 2025. Listings there drew 3.6 times more online views and sold 30 to 42 days faster than the national average. Add to that a deep pool of buyers who skew older and wealthier than the typical American household with stronger credit profiles and bigger down payments. It is a competitive cohort that can move quickly and decisively, but demand without supply has consequences. New Jersey faces a shortage of more than 200,000 homes for low-income residents. More than 1/3 of households in the state are cost-burdened, spending over 30% of their income on housing. And the new homes trickling onto the market are often out of reach for the middle. The premium for new construction, what a buyer pays for a brand new house relative to an existing one, stands at 74.1%. That spread is among the steepest in the country and a blunt signal that most new builds are landing in the high end of the market. Mix in baby boomers holding tighter to the houses they have, and the pipeline narrows even further. Then there's Montclair, the elegant Essex County town that serves as a microcosm of this moment. Education is a magnet there, literally. The public school district's magnet system, paired with high ratings, has long been one of the town's greatest draws. Even a looming $19.6 million school deficit hasn't dented buyer appetite. Yet in September 2025, the median listing price in Montclair was $1.2 million. Homes Homes that month sold at an average of 16% above their asking prices. October saw more than 30 homes close. And by mid-November, nine more had sold. One address tells the story. 14 Upper Mountain Avenue hit the market at $849,900. 800 It didn't linger. The seller accepted an offer $150,000 above that list. That is the market flexing in real time, tight inventory, confident bids, and a buyer willing to pay a premium for a specific place [music] in a specific town. Today, Montclair sits firmly in what agents call a seller's market. More people want in than there are homes to buy. But Montclair also underscores the fine line between allure and risk. On December 9th, residents will vote on whether to raise taxes to address that $19.6 million deficit. Signals suggest a hike could flow through to rents, pressing affordability in a town already prized for its schools and proximity to New York. If the magnet system were to weaken, if jobs continue to be cut, if a state monitor downplays the program, some fear the district's reputation would erode. If that happens, the snowball could start. Diminished school prestige begets softer demand, which begets market recalibration. None of that is preordained. For now, demand remains unwavering. But the vote marks a hinge moment. >> [music] >> Zoom out to Jersey City, and the gravity intensifies. Between 2020 and 2024, the city's population climbed 7.5% apartment rents there rose 2.4% over the past year, roughly double the national pace. The average rent across all bedrooms and property types >> sits around $2,500. It is not a budget market. Jersey City's cost of living runs 26% above the national average, with housing expenses 74% higher and utilities 3% higher. And yet, it continues to pull. In a widely watched ranking of the top places to watch in 2026, Jersey City landed at number two. Northern New Jersey ranked seventh. Brooklyn took fourth. Manhattan placed ninth. The Northeast's secret weapon right now is proximity and pulse. Low apartment vacancy and the ongoing pull of office mandates have brightened the appeal of living one subway stop or one PATH ride away. Under the surface, policy is redrawing the map. In March 2024, New Jersey enacted one of the nation's toughest enforcements of the Mount Laurel doctrine, the constitutional rule that every municipality must provide its fair share of affordable housing. The statute requires towns to update master plans and zoning to allow more affordable homes for low-and-moderate-income families. It streamlines approvals to make it easier to build what is required. It adds teeth, too. Municipalities that miss deadlines or obstruct affordable housing risk losing their legal protection from exclusionary zoning lawsuits. The signal is unmistakable. The state wants more homes in more places [music] for more kinds of families. The new governor-elect has pledged to push that through. On day one, she promises to declare a state of emergency on utility costs and freeze utility rates for both homeowners and renters. The next steps target the core bottlenecks. Enforce the 2024 law, increase new home construction that meets the needs of all residents, expand first-time homebuyer assistance, and stop diversions from the affordable housing trust fund so dollars earmarked for affordability reach projects that can move. Her campaign put it bluntly, "Housing costs are up over 50% in just 5 years." The freshest statewide measurement pegs the 5-year increase at 44.7% through October 2025. Whichever statistic you prefer, the slope is steep. The slope is also shaped by New York City. In October, the average rent there was $4,462. Rent stabilization protects millions, and proposals to freeze rent for more than 2 million tenants have surfaced again. If that freeze takes hold, some market veterans warn free market rents could climb higher because fewer rentals would rotate back onto the open market. The city's new leadership has floated headline ideas. Free buses, city-owned grocery stores, a corporate tax raised to match New Jersey's 11.5% rate, and a flat 2% tax on the wealthiest 1% of residents. Those changes would require separate approvals, and there is no clarity yet on what will pass. But capital seeks certainty. In the days after the election, some investors put deals on hold, including two multifamily building sales, waiting for the fog to thin. Buyers do not always wait. A mortgage originator in Queens described clients looking to get out of New York as quickly as possible, including one who was willing to swallow a prepayment penalty just to move sooner. Agents beyond the five boroughs, from New Jersey to Connecticut, have reported a surge of inquiries from high-income New Yorkers eyeing a relocation in the wake of the vote. That early pattern sits atop the third quarter's numbers, where again, 12.9% of New York City's out-of-town listing views targeted New Jersey. The tilt toward nearby markets is unmistakable. >> Even Florida, long the sun-soaked favorite, saw its share of New York City views slip by 1.3 points year-over-year to 10.4%. >> Pennsylvania has momentum, too. 10.7% of New York City views in the quarter, and a case [music] bolstered by pricing that can be dramatically lower than New York City. Philadelphia's median list price was $384,900 in September, nearly $375,000 less than the city's median that same month. In Pittsburgh, the typical home was $254,950 in $250,000 October. Back in New Jersey, the contrasts are sharp. There is genuine progress. Supply has posted year-over-year gains for 19 straight months and prices have fallen on an annual basis for 5 months in a row. But those improvements live inside a bigger squeeze. Compared with October 2019, the state still had 22,800 fewer homes for sale in October 2025. That is 56.4% lower supply despite rising demand. The buyer pool is older, wealthier, and credit strong and remains active in specific corridors. In places like Wayne in Passaic County and Marlton in Burlington County, listings attract 3.6 times the average number of eyeballs and go under contract as much as 6 weeks sooner than typical USA >> listings. That's one side of the market. The other side often stares at a wall. A shortage north of 200,000 affordable homes leaves low-income households with limited options. More than one in three households statewide is spending above 30% of income on housing. New construction tilts luxury with a 74.1% premium versus existing homes. That premium is not simply a rounding error. It is the line between who gets to buy new and who must bid on [music] the existing stock and at what cost. Jersey City tests those boundaries. A 7.5% population bump in just 4 years does not happen by accident. Transit access, skyline views, and a slate of new towers have tightened vacancy. Rents rose 2.4% over the past year. The average across all units sits around $2,500. The city's placement as the number two market to watch in 2026 codifies something visible on the ground. Cranes [music] in the air, sandwich shops packed at lunch, lights on late. Just down the list, Northern New Jersey at number seven hints at a broader canvas from Hoboken to Newark to Montclair to the bedroom suburbs that push into Morris and Somerset counties. Still, even in the bright spots, friction accumulates. Jersey City's cost of living runs 26% above the national average. Housing expenses sit 74% higher. Utility costs are 3% higher. For a young couple stretching to make rent or a first-time buyer trying to land a starter home, those extra percentages are not abstract. They are the difference between getting in and getting squeezed out. >> New Jersey's pipeline must adapt. More homes that teachers, nurses, mechanics, and mid-level tech workers can afford near trains and jobs. That is where the March 2024 law matters. It tells every town, "Make room. Update your master plan. Fix your zoning. Create the pathways for developers to build homes that meet your fair share. Miss the deadlines and the courts can open you to lawsuits. Meet them and you gain the legal cover and the blueprint to add supply where it is needed." The next governor has said she will enforce those rules, expand first-time buyer assistance, and freeze utility rates on day one to lighten a monthly bill that keeps climbing. Local decisions will color how that plays out. Montclair's December 9th vote is one example. A yes on taxes might stabilize school funding and preserve the magnet system that underpins the town's appeal, but it could also raise rents and monthly costs. A no could deepen cuts and test the district's reputation. Realtors across town are watching closely. In the near term, activity remains brisk. More than 30 homes sold in October and nine had sold by mid-November. In September, buyers were still paying, on average, 16% over ask. Market heat can endure a lot until it can't. Across the state, the heat still shows up most vividly near transit. Both of the gubernatorial candidates in the recent race talked about focusing new homes around mass transit. That is not just rhetoric. In the hottest New Jersey zip codes, listings sell 30 to 42 days faster than the national average. And in the broader New York City metro area, New Jersey counties jumped 44 spots to number 158 in September in terms of market hotness, a composite of how fast homes sell and how many shoppers are looking. Even with statewide supply 56.4% below October 2019, these pockets can pull in new residents without asking them to give up their commutes or their weekend rhythms. Watch the financial edges. New York City's average rent of $4,462 in October concentrates minds. If a rent freeze stabilizes more than 2 million apartments, the spillovers might change. Free market rents could inch higher, especially if fewer rent-stabilized units reset into the market. Employers pushing return to office expand the radius of desirability around Midtown and Lower Manhattan. That is one reason for Northeast markets. Jersey City, Brooklyn, Northern New Jersey, and Manhattan cracked the top 10 places to watch in 2026. Low vacancy meets proximity. Proximity meets demand. On the capital side, the new mayor's ideas, free buses, city-owned grocery stores, a corporate tax lifted to New Jersey's 11.5% level, and a 2% levy on the top 1% need approvals at other levels of government. But uncertainty alone can tighten purse strings. On day one after the election, two sizable multifamily sales were put on pause as buyers and lenders waited for clarity. That wait can shift attention. Some investors will drift from the five boroughs to Hudson County or across to Bergen and Essex. Some will sit tight and do nothing. Some will go where the math still clicks. Dallas, Miami, Houston where the top 10 placement reflects different blends of growth and cost. Jersey City's number two slot and Northern New Jersey's number seven signal that many will stay right here and build. For buyers in New Jersey, the math begins with scarcity. homes for sale in October 2025 is a modest step up from the troughs of the last few years. But it remains a gulf from the 40,400 that turned up in October 2019. That 56.4% shortfall won't close overnight even as inventory posts 19 straight months of annual gains and even as prices slip year-over-year for the fifth month running. Bidding wars can still break out where schools, transit, and tree-lined blocks align. For sellers, the window is nuanced. In Montclair, a listing at $849,900 can still jump $150,000 above ask. In Wayne and Marlton, the traffic comes in heavy. 3.6 times typical views and the offers often arrive sooner than expected. In Jersey City, rents rose 2.4% over the last year and an average $2,500 monthly ask keeps many renters pinned in place, limiting move-up flow but cushioning landlords' expectations. Elsewhere, an older, wealthier, credit strong buyer set tilts demand toward the mid and upper tiers where that 74.1% new construction premium lives. Sellers who can price into that zone without overshooting will find an audience. For renters, the squeeze is genetic. More than one in three households statewide are already cost-burdened. In Jersey City, the cost of living is 26% higher than the national average and housing expenses are 74% higher. Across the river, New York City renters paid an average of $4,462 in October. Policy levers, the proposed rent freeze in New York City, the day-one utility rate freeze next door, are aimed at steadying the ride. Their timing and bite remain open questions. For builders and town officials, the stakes are legal and local. The Mount Laurel framework is no longer a suggestion. Master plans and zoning must be updated to make room for affordable homes. The process is streamlined to get projects moving. Miss the deadlines and you risk losing the legal protection that shields against exclusionary zoning suits. Hit them and you might finally widen a pipeline that is now skewed toward the 74.1% new home premium, the luxury tier that leaves most middle-income families on the outside looking in. So, what comes next? Base case, New Jersey stays tight but navigable. Expect the modest slackening to continue, more inventory on an annual basis after 19 months of gains, and some ongoing price softening after 5 months of annual declines. But do not expect a flood. Compared with October 2019, available listings remain 56.4% lower and that gap will not close by magic. Demand from nearby markets should stay strong. In the third quarter, 12.9% of New York City's out-of-city views were already aimed at New Jersey and post-election inquiries in the region have ticked up. Micro markets with schools and trains, Montclair, Hoboken, Jersey City, Maplewood, Summit, will continue to act like their own planets with gravity tuned to the block. Two watch items could shift the path into 2026. First, implementation of the March 2024 affordable housing statute. If towns update their master plans and zoning on time, and if approvals speed up as designed, the mix of what gets built could change more homes for low and moderate-income families, more projects near mass transit, and a gradual dent in that shortage of more than 200,000 affordable units. Failures to comply could invite lawsuits and slow walk the very additions the market needs. Second, New York [music] City's policy arc under its new leadership. If rent freezes and tax changes advance, lenders and landlords may reassess values. Some capital could stay paused, and a tranche of buyers and businesses may hunt harder in New Jersey. If rhetoric softens or proposals stall, the pause may lift and flows could normalize. In either case, the cross-river tie is tight. What happens there shows up here. New Jersey's housing story has always been about proximity and possibility. In 2025, it is also about scarcity and scale. One town weighs a December 9th tax vote to stabilize a beloved magnet system while listings in that same town sell at 16% above ask. One city adds 7.5% to its population in 4 years while charging an average of $2,500 in rent and still ranks as the number two market to watch. One state posts 19 months of rising inventory and 5 months of annual price declines while sitting listing count. And one set of policies, zoning updates, utility freezes, first-time buyer pathways, could open doors that have been locked too long. In the end, the math is the map. 44.7% price gains in 5 years statewide. 17,600 homes for sale in October versus 40,400 6 years earlier. A 74.1% premium for new construction. More than 200,000 affordable homes missing. 12.9% of New York City's would-be movers eyeing New Jersey. On one block in Montclair, an $849,900 listing pulled in a $150,000 over ask offer. On one city ledger in Jersey City, population up 7.5% since 2020 and rents up 2.4% in the past year. These are not abstractions. They are choices that accumulate into markets. If you found this breakdown useful, share it with someone who's weighing a move, and subscribe to stay grounded in the numbers shaping where we live next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimchampion7530 [2 likes]: Couldn’t pay me enough to live there.  But do your own thang.
  2. @JOSEPHRODRIGUEZ-q7i: Jersey gets a bad rap from those who don’t know.    
There are issues.    High taxes.   Dense population 
But.    Proximity to beach’s.   Skiing 
Farms.    Apple picking etc.   New York City.    Sports    Shows.    Great and diverse foods.    
Everything.     But.  Expensive.    If you can afford it.    It’s actually great.     A reason it is overpopulated by a lot.   The most densely populated state in the country.

- When Someone You Love Dies,There Is No Such Thing as Moving On | Kelley Lynn | TEDxAdelphiUniversity: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Asmaa Sheikh Warak Reviewer: Eunice Tan Best-selling author and widower C. S. Lewis said in the opening line of his brilliant book "A Grief Observed," "Nobody ever told me that grief felt so much like fear." It's a powerful statement: fear. But fear of what? The fear of losing yourself. The fear of growing old alone. The fear that this intense pain will never stop. The fear of forgetting the sound of his voice or his laugh or that others will forget him, that his life won't have mattered. Grief makes you feel isolated, alone, terrified, and damaged, and scared of absolutely everything. On October 27th, 2006, at the age of 35, I married my very best friend, Don Shepherd. Four years and nine months later, my healthy, active, beautiful husband left for work one morning and never came home. They found him collapsed on the floor - a massive heart attack. No symptoms, no warnings, no goodbyes - just here one minute and then, boom, gone. In the past five years or so since my husband's death, I've become friends with and met a lot of other widowed people. A few months ago, a dear widower friend of mine gave me a challenge. He said, "Kelly, I want you to change the world." "Is that all?" I said to him. "I will get on that right after my morning cup of coffee." But when I stopped to think about that concept, a favorite phrase of mine came to mind: "Change your mind, and change the world." In other words, the way that people see or perceive an idea has to change in order for everything surrounding that idea to also change. So I'm going to speak the truth today about grief and then wait for that truth to then become contagious. Any widowed person or any person who has lost someone they love to death will tell you about the well-intentioned but sometimes insensitive comments coming from those on the outside. "It was God's plan." "Everything happens for a reason." There are many more, but these are some of the "greatest hits." (Laughs) Now, the justification for these comments is always the same: They don't know what to say. I feel like it's time we changed the conversation from "They don't know what to say" to "Well, then let's teach them." Like the great Maya Angelou once said, "When you know better, you do better." So let's focus on the most insensitive comment of all time and the one that I feel is the most harmful: "You need to move on. Get over it! Get on with your life." Let me say this as simply as I can: When it comes to the death of someone that you love, there is no such thing as moving on. It's a lie. It's a made-up concept created by people who are too uncomfortable with death and sadness and grief. But here's the thing: It's not their fault. They are only repeating what has become familiar to them throughout the years, what's been taught to them by society over and over again. "You need to move on" is a phrase born out of centuries of ignorance and fear because grief feels a hell of a lot like fear. Now, the "move on" mentality starts very early, it's constant, and it doesn't really ever end. Within minutes of my husband's sudden death, I was attacked with questions: "Will you be donating his organs today?" "Would you like cremation or casket with that?" You know, "When can somebody come by your apartment and pick up some of his items?" Now, at the time, I was told by people that these decisions were for my benefit, that it would help me to "let go," to "put all this behind me." At my husband's funeral, a total stranger came up to me, stood right by his casket, and said to me, "Today, you grieve. Tomorrow, you get out there and find a new man!" (Laughter) Really, tomorrow? That seems a little soon! A widower friend of mine was offered this proposition from a relative of his: "For every picture you take down of you and your wife from your bedstand, I'll give you 50 bucks." A widow goes to the cemetery all the time to visit her husband, and she keeps the lawn chair in the back of her car so she can sit with him at his graveside. One day, she goes out to her car and notices her chair is gone. Her friends, thinking that they are helping, said, "We took your chair. We don't think you should go there anymore. It's not healthy." Another friend was told by her priest after her brother died in a skiing accident, "Stop talking about him; you need to let him rest in peace." Another friend: father - two sons. When he filled out a school field trip form as such, he was told by the school principal, "Your other child has died, so you only have one son now." These heart-wrenching stories are real people, and this is the kind of treatment that they face every single day. Taking away someone's connection to someone they love who has died: What purpose does that serve? What kind of message are we sending? That the people we love are replaceable? That the love you have for your daughter, your mother, your brother, your best friend has an expiration date? That their life didn't really matter? When someone you love dies and you are told over and over again to "move on," something inside of you breaks. And when that happens, you don't really feel much like living anymore. You figure, "Hey, why should I stick around when I'm not allowed to continue to love my person that I miss?" So you start isolating; you keep to yourself. Your world becomes smaller and smaller. You disappear. My friend who was offered money to get rid of pictures of him and his wife? He no longer talks about his wife anymore with anyone. He says it's just not worth it and he's tired of being silenced. The widow who had her lawn chair taken away? She still goes to the cemetery. But now she does it in secret. She tells nobody because she's tired of being judged for loving her husband who died. The woman who was told by her priest to stop talking about her brother? She did. She also stopped going to church, and her faith has suffered greatly because of it. The father that was told, "You only have one son now," was recently asked by his six-year-old boy, "Daddy, if I die like my brother did, does that mean I'm not your son anymore?" This is not the way to honor love, to honor those that we love who have died. You can't move on from love - love is the only thing that never dies. So if there's no such thing as moving on, then what is it that I'm proposing? What is the message that we need to make contagious in the hearts and minds of people, the message that will change people's minds and in turn change the world? Well, here's the truth: Love grows more love. All good things are born out of love. So what if instead of saying to someone, "Hey, stop talking about your brother," we said, "Tell me more about your brother who died"? What if instead of trying to fix people, we sat with them inside of their pain, and we let them tell us what comes next? What if we got rid of the phrase "move on" and instead began to move with and move through our losses? Imagine what could happen. Take a look. This is Ethan. At his 20-week ultrasound, he was diagnosed with developing CHD, or congenital heart disease. He wasn't supposed to make it to birth. Instead, Ethan lived seven short years of life, and in that time, he went under some of the most innovative cardiac surgeries known to date. When Ethan died, his parents, Jessica and Eric, took their forever love for him and with it created hope: The Ethan M. Lindberg Foundation offers grants, housing, support, and even music therapy to families living with CHD. Because they did not "move on" or "get over" their son, his life is now a legacy, and countless families and people are affected by his life going forward, forever. This is Philip Hernandez. Philip was a wonderful husband, father, and a great man. His life ended instantly when he was hit by a car while out cycling. That's Michele, Phil's wife. She had no plans on becoming a widow at the age of 35. After Phil's sudden death, Michele didn't know what to do, and she couldn't find the support in the community that she so desperately needed. So she built it. Michele created Soaring Spirits International, a nonprofit that connects widowed people worldwide. Their most popular program, Camp Widow, is a three-day event offering workshops, presentations, and social gatherings for widowed men and women of all ages. If Michele had listened to the countless people who told her to "let go" of her love for Phil and to "get over it," her life would have continued down the road of isolation and loneliness. Instead, her foundation has served over 3 million widowed people worldwide and counting, all because she made the choice to live and share Phil's life forward. On the right there, that's Michael. Michael is Michele's husband today. He knows that just because Michele found love with him does not mean that she is over loving Phil, nor does it mean that the pain of losing Phil has magically disappeared. He knows that the heart expands and that Michele's love for Phil is part of what makes her the great woman that he loves today. Not only does Michael support this, he's a part of it: Michael is the Camp Widow photographer. Meet Shelby. Shelby was only seven years old when her mom, Megan, died from cystic fibrosis. Shelby's dad, Mike, met Sarah at Camp Widow in Tampa, Florida. Sarah was there because her fiancé, Drew, died in a helicopter crash. Drew's parents have made the choice to continue to love Sarah as an extension of their love for their son. Megan's parents have chosen to do the same by continuing to love Mike and Shelby. Now, Shelby knows that Sarah is not her mother, but she is a mother figure, and the two have formed a really special bond. You see, Sarah was just about Shelby's age when she lost her own mother. So every time the two are around each other, their hearts heal just a little bit more. Back to this picture on the left: under the Christmas tree. It's about two weeks before Christmas. There's a knock at the door. This giant box arrives. Inside it, present after present after present from Drew's entire family - his grandparents, his parents, his aunts and uncles - all of them for Shelby, for Mike, and for Sarah. This nine-year-old little girl who had not enough time on this earth with her own mother, now giddy with joy as she opens multiple gifts from Drew's family, a man she has never even met but whose life and death is now exploding into an avalanche of love right on her living room floor. If even one person in this scenario made a different choice, this beautiful picture would not exist, and all of these people would be living much smaller lives. Instead, all of their lives grew bigger and wider. More love. The love that Mike and Sarah have for each other does not diminish or delete the love that Sarah will always have for Drew and that Mike will always have for Megan. In fact, it multiplies it, it honors it. Love grows love. And what about me? What have I done with the forever love that I'll always have for my husband, Don? Well, I'm happy to tell you I am a speaker at Camp Widow, where I've been giving my comedic presentation about life and loss, since 2013. I started a campaign called "Pay It Forward For Don Shepherd Day," where I ask people anywhere and everywhere to do acts of kindness in his honor, and then they get published in my blog. Now, over the years, hundreds of people have taken part in these acts of kindness, and many of them don't even know me, nor do they know my husband. I'm writing a book about our forever-love story and about my story after. And I'm standing here with all of you today, giving this very personal and important message into the universe. My husband's heart may have stopped beating on July 13th, 2011, but he lives on every single day because it's my mission to make damn sure of it. Great things can happen when we continue to tell the stories of those we have lost, who have died. And it doesn't have to be on this grand of a scale. Each of us can be the person that changes the message for someone else about grief, love, and loss. That is how change happens: one person, one mind at a time. Every single one of us in this room and everyone watching this online and me - guess what? We're all going to die. Not right now, so don't panic; hopefully, it's not right now. But we are - we're all going to die at some point. We have no choice about that. But guess what? We do have a choice about how we talk about those who have died, the language we use. So let me ask you this: When you die, do you want to be forgotten? Do you want people to tell your loved ones, "Hey, get over it. Get over her; get over him. Move on; stop talking about that." Or do you want the people who love you to use that love to create a life for themselves filled with joy and purpose and meaning? Isn't that what you deserve? Isn't that what we all deserve? The question that is asked in the closing song of Lin-Manuel Miranda's hit Broadway, brilliant musical "Hamilton" is this: "When my time is up, have I done enough? Will they tell my story? Will they tell your story? Who tells your story?" My wish for everyone here today, for each one of us, is that when our time is up, the people who love us never move on; the people who love us, they tell our story. Because here's the truth: If we move on and let go of and get rid of the people that we love who have died - if we do that, then guess what? They really are gone. They're gone; they're just gone forever. But if we tell each other's stories, and if we use that love to create more love and to multiply each other's worlds - if we can do that, then nobody ever really dies. Not truly. Thank you so much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Isnit_lovely [2 likes]: I lost my husband to cancer 3 weeks ago😢 I'm here listening to this lady who speaks the truth
  2. @Sevenmobledetailing718 [1 likes]: I lost my mom last week an I’m trying my best to stay a float 💔❤️‍🩹💔
  3. @Bonzo57601 [1 likes]: I lost my wife of 40 years last week. I said goodbye yesterday and am so sad and heartbroken that I feel that I can’t go on. Today was unbearable and tomorrow will be worse
  4. @BarbBarb-s2h4j: I have been told most of the comments and worst after my partner died in my arms.
One of them was also that I am young and I need to find someone  and live my life ,move on...
When I after maybe a month after his death called my friend someone I had history with   He became one of my support  buddies and with in couple weeks I ended up inviting him over  and we became close like never before and we started technically dating full on over night visits.
Now the people that wanted me to stop crying and be normal again are the ones telling me that I am not normal because I have a new man,I feel ashamed,and  that I must not cared enough for my spouse since I moved on so quickly.the judgment and disrespect I receive daily is making me go crazy. I am so sad and disappointed by the closest people to me.God help me
  5. @whyvisionmatters-knTmPl8: Thank you x ♾️ ❤️
  6. @spirittrooper7385: I needed to hear this
  7. @alannaward2420: Thank you for sharing. I lost my mom after many complications after an emergency surgery about a month ago. This video has been the most comforting message I've heard.
  8. @mrb5606: I lost my dad to cancer when he was 53. It killed me. I loved him so much. My grief also extended to my mum. She was 52 and was left alone. I put my pain onto her. If I felt so bad I thought it usy be even worse for her. After about four years she told me she'd met someone romantically. It was hard but I was happy for her shed found someone else. I'm sure she still misses my dad but she's found some happiness. I've never got over it. It was 17 years ago. I'm watching this video as I found my uncle dead last Sunday. He was 66. He was not just my uncle but my best friend. My soul mate. I can't put into words the bond we had. It was so unique. I never got over the death of my dad. I know I'll never get over my uncles death. And even prior to the death of my uncle, the pain from the death of my dad was so bad I've lived in fear of losing my uncle and my mum. My uncles gone now and I feel broke. There's just my mum left. I've got a wife who I live very much and my daughter. And it sounds heartless but it's not the same. If love my wife but it's not unconditional. If I crossed certain boundaries or she did the relationship could end. I love my daughter more than anything in the world but it's a different dynamic. It's awful getting old. It's awful experiencing loss.
  9. @rachelndunde6728: My daughter died talking about it hurts very much .She was not sickly yet the one time you are called that she is sick is the one time that it is final .
  10. @J_esusIsKing3267: This is the most comforting and relatable thing I have ever watched
  11. @mimilandia226: You never Move On from Love..❤️❤️💯💯
  12. @GriefPivotsCoaching: It's evening on the Pacific Coast 🌚 I'm sending a message to those who are missing someone deeply , to spouses who have a forever space for their departed soulmate moving with grief 💜❤‍🩹, and for those of us who could use kind words from a stranger when stress feels like hellfire without an exit. May your upcoming week offer you moments of joy, good coffee sips :face-turquoise-drinking-coffee:, snuggles with your kiddo's and maybe a wonderful walk in nature with your furr baby. Peace ☮& good night.
  13. @RonellTerblanche: Death is brutal...23 March has been 7 years since my husband died.  Year after year it  becomes more and more difficult.
  14. @dnjmcdonald1506: Very well said. Thank you for your thoughts ❤
  15. @crydanny9859: wow no sabia que este era el original de la cancion A tu senal
  16. @anandchudhary4307: Why are u not stating dubing in onther language like hindi and other it make you more viral
  17. @GentleSolaceletters: Grief makes even the strongest cry
  18. @TomRoy-n6k: Thanks for this.
  19. @foreverhome2244: If someone doesn't know what to say, it's best to say nothing. 

2 hours after my dear friend, a woman said, 'Well, he was going to die anyway' kinda snotty.
  20. @foreverhome2244: 1st time watching. Excellent find~ Thanks for posting

- 4 Habits of ALL Successful Relationships | Dr. Andrea & Jonathan Taylor-Cummings | TEDxSquareMile: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] have you ever stopped to think why is it that only very few people have an amazing relationship did they just get lucky are they the chosen ones perhaps I think seriously most of us would agree wouldn't we that great relationships take work the problem is more often than not we have no idea what to work on well over the last 20 plus years now working with countless couples we've observed that all successful relationships every one of them exhibit four simple yet fundamental habits which we want to share with you over the next 15 minutes or so the great news is that these are habits that we can all learn and develop and when we do we significantly increase our chances of having one of those amazing relationships if we don't chances are you probably never will every failing relationship we've ever seen has lacked one or more of these habits as we were reminded just recently over Sunday lunch and what a Sunday lunch that was we invited well we met this couple socially connected well with them because we shared similar city backgrounds let's call them Rachel and Steve so we invited them to have lunch with us to discuss the business that Steve wanted to launch but as we ate and chatted which started sensing that Rachel wasn't happy at all so I leaned across and I said Rachel what do you think about this business idea and her response said it all I know nothing about this and he never discusses anything with me so John and I just exchanged quick glances to say this is serious what we're going there and then suddenly the thin wallpaper covering the cracks just started to peel off and I'll tumble the frustration and the disappointment and anger and the fact that Steve was working away from home more and more and when he did come home on the weekends he would sleep downstairs in the living room so far and then Steve dropped the bomb you know that if it wasn't for those two boys I'd have left you a long time ago now we do spicy food but that what's a bit more spice than we were planning for Sunday lunch precisely now we'll come back to Rachel and Steve story but I guess you already know their story is by no means unique let me share some stats with you with divorce rates around 40% in much of the developed world and cohabiting couples breaking up at much higher rates of 60 to 70 percent the stats tell us that around half 50% of all long-term couples simply not doing the distance now what that tells us and don't look around now but either you or the person sitting right next to you is a Rachel or Steve it is that's that's the reality now this emotional trauma is also spilling over and impacting our mental health in their 2016 report the Mental Health Foundation issued the stark warning that the absence of quality relationships is get this it's killing us faster than obesity and lack of exercise and all of this is having an impact on the next generation as well research out of the marriage foundation has shown that the single biggest predictor of teenage mental health let's guess what family breakdown their research goes on to show that where couples separate the children are 10 to 15 percent more likely to have mental health problems than where the couple stays together these are big numbers now all of this goes to explain why the epicenter of Mental Health today is currently in our 16 to 24 year olds that's where it is and of course none of this is without cost family breakdown in the UK it's costing us UK taxpayers a whopping 51 billion pounds a year it's a huge number it's almost half what it costs to run the entire National Health Service relationship breakdown is a huge huge problem it is and to solve a problem of this scale borrowing a phrase from medical science what we need are better fences at the top of the cliffs rather than just more ambulances at the bottom and in relationship land these four habits are strong fences you see all relationships go over a similar set of hurdles triggered by life events it could be setting up house together or having that first baby or in a work context being promoted to positions that involve or demand more time away from home and so these hurdles show up as unmet expectations poor conflict resolution instead styles trust and respect issues and poor communication outside of abusive relationships success comes from being equipped to get over these hurdles smoothly because stumbling at hurdle after hurdle just leads to frustration and when people feel frustrated and stuck with nowhere way forward they end up going their separate ways our experience over the last 20 years confirms that mastering these four habits get you over the hurdle it's not about being perfect we're not perfect but it is about being intentional in developing the habits shall we share the habits okay absolutely so the first of the habits then be curious not critical helps you get over the hurdle of frustration that comes from unmet expectations and we learned this one ourselves the hard way our story goes all the way back to thirty years ago when we first met at business school when Andrew came to the UK to get her master's and ended up getting him her mr. as well and don't don't let the current hairstyle fool you that was me back then anyway a few years on we set up in business together and it took us all of about three months before the wheel started to come off because very quickly realized there are different work styles were grating against each other now and because now we had all our eggs in one basket the financial pressure was just huge on us so everything became a problem even simple things now for some couples it's the toilet seat up or down for us the single biggest predictor was the state of our desks one was very organized yeah and one was more like organized chaos shall we say and the challenge the problems would happen arguments when we had to swap desks to use the single desktop computer that we had this is 25 years ago but now because we're together 24/7 the problems will follow us home so many a night was spent in tension you know hugging the edge of the mattress rather than each other so forget about any physical action we weren't even touching toes back then you talked about wallpaper over the cracks now it was Einstein who said you cannot solve a problem with the same level of thinking that got you there so in desperation we looked around we said yeah how can we change these mindsets that we have and we came across a material that helped us understand that actually our biggest source of frustration was really just our strengths just unrecognized unappreciated and out of balance so habit number one be curious not critical it's all about investing the time to and how were wired differently so that we can learn to play to our strengths rather than waste time and energy criticizing differences so given these differences habit number two be careful not crushing helps us get over the hurdle of poor conflict resolution styles our natural fight or if fight or flight responses a very me Center it's about looking after me and my interests rather than being off-centered so we need to literally reprogram these automatic responses by developing the skills and habits that allow us to turn out better to conflict situations to take care of each other through the process to work towards genuine genuine resolutions no matter how angry we might be with each other one of the disciplines that we developed was to set ground rules which are boundaries that would control our behavior in conflict situations so that we didn't keep falling at this hurdle over and over again for example we agreed we would never hit each other we would never walk up the house in anger and we would never threaten divorce just to be spiteful let's face it we're going to disappoint and frustrate each other from time to time anybody who says they never argue either lack passion or they are lying through their teeth but habit to be careful not crushing helps us learn how to work together argue well treat each other with care and come out stronger together for sure and habit number three ask don't assume helps you get over the hurdle of frustration that comes from mistrust and disrespect that can creep into relationships so back to Rachel and Steve it turns out their single biggest challenge was different perceptions of respect in their relationship although they came from the same cultural background Steve had grown up with a very traditional mindset and his expectation was that his wife would be like and do for him like mom did for dad in fact more than that he expected that Rachel will become best friends with his mom and learn how to be his ideal wife that way Rachel on the other hand she's thinking on what planet because in her mind they were never going to have a relationship that looked anything remotely like Steve's mum and dads now recognizing that they needed additional information to reframe the challenges in their minds we shared with them some material around mutual respect and how to agree roles and responsibilities in the different seasons of life and we were blown away when literally before the week was out Steve sent me a text to say you know thank you so much this has really helped us unblock some challenges and have a real proper conversation in years so habit number three really is about getting good at having those courageous conversations that see us asking and discussing rather than assuming and stereotyping and that leads us neatly onto habit number four connect before you correct which is about learning how to communicate real value and appreciation and holding back on our insatiable need to give constructive feedback when you live and work with somebody day in day out it is so easy to take them for granted and just to be constantly on their back but as the saying goes people go where they feel welcomed but stay where they feel valued so we need to be deliberate about finding meaningful specific ways that build warmth in the relationship and that can sometimes be simply breaking the routine for us we've been known to disappear in the middle of the working day to go to the movies after a period of intense workshop delivery and 25 years on we still take date night seriously to keep the fun and the anticipation and the intimacy in the relationship otherwise we risk losing the magic and just become functional around the grind of work and talking about children and cooking and laundry and we signed up for more than that so habit number four connect before you correct oh no let's be real before I say that if we get really good at connecting in our routine conversations guaranteed you'll be connecting in the bedroom as well so number four Connect before you correct it's about being deliberate about shifting that balance to connecting before we correct each other now listen we're not sharing these habits just as nice to have these four habits can literally save lives let me share with you how Rachel and Steve story almost ended we met up with them two weeks later for a coffee and from their body language we could tell they were in a much better place they were holding hands they were laughing things were good but as they opened up and shared about the experience we were rocked when Rachel in describing her emotional laws just paused and said you know I found myself thinking that if Steve did go ahead with a divorce I just write him a letter tell him to look after the boys and walk in front of a bus but for a chance conversation with us and a bit of information tragedy could have struck our friends right under our noses and so reality hit really hard that day relationship breakdown can literally kill us we're happy to report that Rachel and Steve continue to do well but we asked ourselves the question how many Rachel's are we missing and with this growing concern over mental health and well-being why is relationship equipping still left to chance exactly we all invest in the things that we value our education our homes our pensions even so what in the world is stopping us from investing in our relationships what would the world look like if everyone was practicing these habits of being more curious than critical more careful than crushing of asking rather than assuming and of connecting more than we correct here's the thing when we all start developing and practicing these habits not only do we significantly increase the chances of our relationships surviving but now we begin to thrive as individuals as families as companies as nations and if we can each just take responsibility for developing these habits in our own relationships together maybe just maybe we'll leave the world a better place for the generations to come [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tarasyoutube [3 likes]: Save yourself some time, start at: 5:08
  2. @thatKeoshaLove [1 likes]: 3:47 the absence of quality relationships is killing us at a faster rate than obesity and lack of exercise. 😲😲😲💔💔💔
  3. @Tarasyoutube [1 likes]: Habits start at 6:10
  4. @kalvinphillips7229 [1 likes]: I'm single and I'm looking for a serious relationship with the right woman for me
  5. @ayannab8732: Don’t leave out staying together in a HEALTHY way. Couples can stay together and be in a toxic relationship and that isn’t good for children or anyone.
  6. @devrajnaitam2465: I can’t believe how helpful this was, amazing job!
  7. @EmilioWong-hk6vy: i pray you find love in this life.
  8. @billionaire33: This was good.
  9. @akastenas: This is copium.
  10. @beinomugishamyles2806: Well said
  11. @MaryMartha-x8b: Please God thank you❤❤
  12. @LifeIsRelationships: superior video
  13. @brachagoetz9140: GREAT!
  14. @fouagatarafarouhayga: I appreciate your consistency.
  15. @1PowerupLearning: Wonderful 2025
  16. @moneypenny3050: One of the things that I really wish people would do is stop staring at the other person who is talking.  For heaven's sake look down at the floor sometimes or look out at the audience every now and again or something but don't spend the entire time staring at the person who's speaking like a cow staring at a new fence as if you've never seen them before.  Caucasian people do this constantly but don't copy them because to me it looks unnatural and totally not cool.  Your content is great.❤️
No disrespect intended, I'm just saying.
  17. @Tarasyoutube: Okay the first whole minute and 10 seconds a total waste.
And over half of the first 6 minutes.
  18. @808sandheartbreak2: 😭😭😭 "how many Rachel's are we missing?" This was a phenomenal talk. 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
  19. @SMD24: To apply this in a workplace perspective, I feel like professional places like radio/film/tv has the best people to gain a fair co-worker friendship and my reason and based on my experiences is that most went to college and got a degree and with that being said people above me in this field understands me alongside employees and not only that but professionally their able to admit stuff but also they did it all with experiences and their approach isnt backstabbing instead their approaches is kinda like a mixture of a teacher/parent/real basic friendship. In a tragedy, I'm starting to learn why ppl don't want to leave workplaces from a similar view elsewhere. I guess I just like a professional educational family team who did it all where other places are a ghetto team with nutshell high schoolers and etc so ya
  20. @integralstanley: Be curious.
Be full of care.
Ask. 
Connect. ❤

- The difference between healthy and unhealthy love | Katie Hood | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So when you think about a child, a close friend, or a romantic partner, the word "love" probably comes to mind, and instantly other emotions rush in: joy and hope, excitement, trust and security, and yes, sometimes sadness and disappointment. There might not be a word in the dictionary that more of us are connected to than love. Yet, given its central importance in our lives, isn't it interesting that we're never explicitly taught how to love? We build friendships, navigate early romantic relationships, get married and bring babies home from the hospital with the expectation that we'll figure it out. But the truth is, we often harm and disrespect the ones we love. It can be subtle things like guilting a friend into spending time with you or sneaking a peak at your partner's texts or shaming a child for their lack of effort at school. 100 percent of us will be on the receiving end of unhealthy relationship behaviors and 100 percent of us will do unhealthy things. It's part of being human. In its worst form, the harm we inflict on loved ones shows up as abuse and violence, and relationship abuse is something that one in three women and one in four men will experience in their lifetime. Now, if you're like most people, when you hear those stats, you'll go, "Oh, no, no, no, that would never happen to me." It's instinctual to move away from the words "abuse" and "violence," to think that they happen to someone else somewhere else. But the truth is, unhealthy relationships and abuse are all around us. We just call them different things and ignore the connection. Abuse sneaks up on us disguised in unhealthy love. I work for an organization called One Love started by a family whose daughter Yeardley was killed by her ex-boyfriend. This was a tragedy no one saw coming, but when they looked back, they realized the warning signs were there just no one understood what they were seeing. Called crazy or drama or too much drinking, his actions weren't understood to be what they really were, which was clear signs of danger. Her family realized that if anyone had been educated about these signs, her death could have been prevented. So today we're on a mission to make sure that others have the information that Yeardley and her friends didn't. We have three main goals: give all of us a language for talking about a subject that's quite awkward and uncomfortable to discuss; empower a whole front line, namely friends, to help; and, in the process, improve all of our ability to love better. To do this, it's always important to start by illuminating the unhealthy signs that we frequently miss, and our work really focuses on creating content to start conversations with young people. As you'd expect, most of our content is pretty serious, given the subject at hand, but today I'm going to use one of our more light-hearted yet still thought-provoking pieces, "The Couplets," to illuminate five markers of unhealthy love. The first is intensity. (Video) Blue: I haven't seen you in a couple days. I've missed you. Orange: I've missed you too. (#thatslove) Blue: I haven't seen you in five minutes. It feels like a lifetime. What have you been doing without me for five whole minutes? Orange: It's been three minutes. (#thatsnotlove) Katie Hood: Anybody recognize that? I don't know. I do. Abusive relationships don't start out abusive. They start out exciting and exhilarating. There's an intensity of affection and emotion, a rush. It feels really good. You feel so lucky, like you've hit the jackpot. But in unhealthy love, these feelings shift over time from exciting to overwhelming and maybe a little bit suffocating. You feel it in your gut. Maybe it's when your new boyfriend or girlfriend says "I love you" faster than you were ready for or starts showing up everywhere, texting and calling a lot. Maybe they're impatient when you're slow to respond, even though they know you had other things going on that day. It's important to remember that it's not how a relationship starts that matters, it's how it evolves. It's important in the early days of a new relationship to pay attention to how you're feeling. Are you comfortable with the pace of intimacy? Do you feel like you have space and room to breathe? It's also really important to start practicing using your voice to talk about your own needs. Are your requests respected? A second marker is isolation. (Video) Orange 2: Want to hang out? Orange 1: Me and my boyfriend always have Monday Funday. Orange 2: Want to hang out? Orange 2: Tomorrow? Orange 1: It's our Tuesday Snooze Day. Orange 2: Wednesday? Orange 1: No Friends Day. KH: If you ask me, isolation is one of the most frequently missed and misunderstood signs of unhealthy love. Why? Because every new relationship starts out with this intense desire to spend time together, it's easy to miss when something shifts. Isolation creeps in when your new boyfriend or girlfriend starts pulling you away from your friends and family, your support system, and tethering you more tightly to them. They might say things like, "Why do you hang out with them? They're such losers" about your best friends, or, "They want us to break up. They're totally against us" about your family. Isolation is about sowing seeds of doubt about everyone from your prerelationship life. Healthy love includes independence, two people who love spending time together but who stay connected to the people and activities they cared about before. While at first you might spend every waking minute together, over time maintaining independence is key. You do this by making plans with friends and sticking to them and encouraging your partner to do the same. A third marker of unhealthy love is extreme jealousy. (Video) Blue 2: What are you so happy about? Blue 1: She just started following me on Instagram! Blue 2: What are you so nervous about? Blue 1: She, she just started following me, like, everywhere. KH: As the honeymoon period begins to fade, extreme jealousy can creep in. Your partner might become more demanding, needing to know where you are and who you're with all the time, or they might start following you everywhere, online and off. Extreme jealousy also brings with it possessiveness and mistrust, frequent accusations of flirting with other people or cheating, and refusal to listen to you when you tell them they have nothing to worry about and that you only love them. Jealousy is a part of any human relationship, but extreme jealousy is different. There's a threatening, desperate and angry edge to it. Love shouldn't feel like this. A fourth marker is belittling. (Video) Blue: Wanna hang out? Orange: I gotta study. Blue: You'll get an A anyway, A for amazing. (#thatslove) Blue: Wanna hang out? Blue: You'll get an F anyway, F for, F for... stupid. (#thatsnotlove) KH: Yeah, hmm. In unhealthy love, words are used as weapons. Conversations that used to be fun and lighthearted turn mean and embarrassing. Maybe your partner makes fun of you in a way that hurts, or maybe they tell stories and jokes for laughs at your expense. When you try to explain that your feelings have been hurt, they shut you down and accuse you of overreacting. "Why are you so sensitive? What's your problem. Give me a break." You are silenced by these words. It seems pretty obvious, but your partner should have your back. Their words should build you up, not break you down. They should keep your secrets and be loyal. They should make you feel more confident, not less. Finally, a fifth marker: volatility. (Video) Orange 1: I'd be sad if we broke up. Orange 2: I'd be sad too. (#thatslove) Orange 1: I'd so depressed if we ever broke up. I'd throw myself off this step. I would! Don't try to stop me! KH: Frequent breakups and makeups, high highs and low lows: as tension rises, so does volatility. Tearful, frustrated fights followed by emotional makeups, hateful and hurtful comments like, "You're worthless, I'm not even sure why I'm with you!" followed quickly by apologies and promises it will never happen again. By this point, you've been so conditioned to this relationship roller coaster that you may not realize how unhealthy and maybe even dangerous your relationship has become. It can be really hard to see when unhealthy love turns towards abuse, but it's fair to say that the more of these markers your relationship might have, the more unhealthy and maybe dangerous your relationship could be. And if your instinct is to break up and leave, which is advice so many of us give our friends when they're in unhealthy relationships, that's not always the best advice. Time of breakup can be a real trigger for violence. If you fear you might be headed towards abuse or in abuse, you need to consult with experts to get the advice on how to leave safely. But it's not just about romantic relationships and it's not just about violence. Understanding the signs of unhealthy love can help you audit and understand nearly every relationship in your life. For the first time, you might understand why you're disappointed in a friendship or why every interaction with a certain family member leaves you discouraged and anxious. You might even begin to see how your own intensity and jealousy is causing problems with colleagues at work. Understanding is the first step to improving, and while you can't make every unhealthy relationship healthy -- some you're going to have to leave behind -- you can do your part every day to do relationships better. And here's the exciting news: it's actually not rocket science. Open communication, mutual respect, kindness, patience -- we can practice these things every day. And while practice will definitely make you better, I have to promise you it's also not going to make you perfect. I do this for a living and every day I think and talk about healthy relationships, and still I do unhealthy things. Just the other day as I was trying to shuttle my four kids out the door amidst quarreling, squabbling and complaints about breakfast, I completely lost it. With an intentionally angry edge, I screamed, "Everybody just shut up and do what I say! You are the worst! I am going to take away screen time and dessert and anything else you could possibly ever enjoy in life!" (Laughter) Anybody been there? (Applause) Volatility, belittling. My oldest son turned around and looked at me, and said, "Mom, that's not love." For a minute, I really wanted to kill him for calling me out. Trust me. But then I gathered myself and I thought, you know what, I'm actually proud. I'm proud that he has a language to make me pause. I want all of my kids to understand what the bar should be for how they're treated and to have a language and a voice to use when that bar is not met versus just accepting it. For too long, we've treated relationships as a soft topic, when relationship skills are one of the most important and hard to build things in life. Not only can understanding unhealthy signs help you avoid the rabbit hole that leads to unhealthy love, but understanding and practicing the art of being healthy can improve nearly every aspect of your life. I'm completely convinced that while love is an instinct and an emotion, the ability to love better is a skill we can all build and improve on over time. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ryancox5097 [2 likes]: Until social media, I had no idea how often women assault men. It's CONSTANT. 

Also, I'm sorry, but pretending to be a victim of "abusive" men is practically a national pastime for women. It's important to shine a light on abuse of all kinds. Abuse is horrific. But it's just a fact that courthouses and therapist offices are often drowning in professional victims -- most of them women. 

Abuse doesn't belong to any one gender, but the "oH mY gOd, hE's aBuSiVe!" thing has pretty much turned in to the female national anthem.
  2. @thecreativeicon001 [1 likes]: This was so helpful. Thank you for bring me here, Director Bim 🤍
  3. @cheebacheeo [1 likes]: There's no unhealthy love tho... That just isn't love if it's unhealthy 😂
  4. @LadyFair09: I will show it to my students, every young person should see this video.
  5. @cristelaguilar1015: 👏🏼👏🏼
  6. @richardautenzio8117: Lack of questions, will only lead to the unknowing. Good memory of all answers to your questions will reveals the truth.
  7. @almaisaks: The difference between healthy and unhealthy love | Katie Hood | TED
  8. @Imjustagirlstaring: Here from tiktok
  9. @Dexterityheavenly: intensity does not equate to healthy or enjoyable its repulsive not just in relationships Im talking about governments and tech companies and advertisement companies this is just all unhealthy and obsessive for a dollar . sick oppressive societies leave the world unenjoyable including spies researchers and everyone that unethically spies to study someone in their private moments then they wonder why  they don't have lasting honorable futures and reputations
  10. @charmercii: Really glad to come across this vital speech! I’m quite interested in this kind of stuff as I heard tremendous stories about abusive relationship and violence. Thanks for making five criteria of unhealthy love, it helps me to structure everything I had in my mind🙏🏼 Also liked the idea of love itself! It’s not just a strong emotion, it’s an ability which all of us can develop and improve🤞🏼
  11. @ChristiGarskin: I’ve been through a lot, but I still believe in love, I’m ready for a real relationship that’s strong, honest and full of caring and understanding
  12. @jumpscaresarah: Oh no, I have been the villian in my relationship 😭
  13. @suugi7123: I have these unhealthy signs and don't know how to stop! I am just really possessive to my boyfriend. I want to change myself and be  a good partner. Any advices?
  14. @TheHealthyLoveHub: This is very informative
  15. @latoniamorrison9834: Yes mam
  16. @wl7045: Quite a pleasant speech given in AmE on a quite interesting topic. 
She provided five markers of unhealthy love/relationships (intensity, isolation, extreme jealousy, belittling, volatility) 
with funny cartoons that had captured the essence of the matter and followed each of the issue treatments. 
For those who are more interested in the topic, there is somewhere here on YT video on the same topic given by Psych2Go in which they provided - if I remember correctly - 10 markers and their videos are fully built on funny and appropriate cartoon illustrations.
  17. @StaceyJames-g9c: This is like 98% of relationships nowadays. High highs and low lows, break ups then make ups.. Open communication does not matter much if there’s no comprehension.
  18. @coffeepoetry_: This is not funny at all.. 🙄
  19. @GolsaSaberi: I think not every person can understand what you've said until they go through some relationship and exprience the process. All of us had these kind of unhealthy relationships in our life-time and none of us knew these advices or points at first. So, I think sometimes children should exprience and they must know how should they treated with unhealthy signs of a relationship!
  20. @khashayarEbrahimi-yx9dr: Great ❤

- Infidelity: to stay or go…? | Lucy Beresford | TEDxFolkestone: Kind: captions Language: en I had a client, let's call her Hattie. And on the face of it, she seemed to have it all. She had the high-flying career, the three healthy kids, and 18 years of marriage under her belt to the wonderful Will. They had come together, stayed together because they fitted both on a conscious, but also on an unconscious level. You see, Hattie had always been the golden child, much loved by her family, never flung an exam, never taken drugs, never so much as snogged anybody behind the bike sheds at school. Whereas Will, a musician, slightly different upbringing, in and out of various boarding schools, sent there by emotionally detached parents. He had been drawn to Hattie for her stability and her focus. And she had been drawn to Will for his slightly more creative, laid-back style. But together, they worked. If only Will hadn't opened Hattie's phone that day, checking for details of a family holiday flight, hadn't seen those texts from Hattie's colleague Stuart. Texts that led Will to emails, emails that then proved to him that his wife had been having an affair for by now 2 years. Suddenly, this fantastic couple were in crisis. Will is heartbroken and furious. Hattie is stunned and deeply ashamed. And all of their conversations keep circling back to this one question. Should I stay or should I quit? Now, how many of us have wondered, privately, what we would do if infidelity ruptured our relationship? Now, I respect that your view of infidelity might be very different to mine. But today, I would like to share with you what my 20 years experience as a psychotherapist and radio agony aunt has taught me. Which is that I am absolutely convinced the more courageous option is to stay and rebuild that relationship. Nevertheless, it won't surprise you to learn that infidelity remains the number one trigger for relationship breakdown across the globe. And sometimes that pressure to quit comes from external sources. There is no longer the same stigma around divorce. Your friends might say, "Mhm, can a leopard change its spots?" Your mother might say, "Plenty more fish in the sea, my darling." But most times, that pressure to quit comes from within. Now, I toyed for a while with calling this talk a rapper's guide to infidelity because yeah, I know. Appearances can be deceptive. But seriously, for a while, I have been impressed by the candor of the rapper Jay-Z, who has spoken out so movingly about the aftermath of when he cheated on his wife, the singer Beyoncé. In an interview with the New York Times, he said that when you see on the face of your beloved the pain caused by your cheating, it makes you want to run away, hide, quit the relationship, and never come back. And that sentiment reminded me of all my training in child development. How when a child is naughty and it makes Mommy cross, they can only see themselves as a bad child, and they can only see Mommy as cross Mommy, bad Mommy, and it makes them want to hide. And the child psychologist Melanie Klein called this splitting. How at moments of high emotion, you want to split off those good and bad parts of yourselves, but also of others. This is how we feel as a result of a revelation about cheating. All of that high emotion makes us want to revert back to that childhood defense mechanism. Jay-Z is talking about exactly the same psychological split. And Hattie and Will, they went through exactly that same process. In Will's face, Hattie could only see this broken, furious man. And in Hattie, Will could only see this monstrous woman who'd broken his heart and ruptured his family. But this moment of splitting is the turning point. This is the courageous bit. To hold the sweetness and the sorrow in your heart at the same time. Jay-Z and his wife Beyoncé looked in which face their pain and emerged to rebuild a reinvigorated relationship with each other as well as writing a couple of albums in the process. Now, not all of us are going to be able to channel our emotional trauma into platinum-selling music. More's the pity. But we can all turn it into something arguably even more valuable. A reinvigorated relationship with our same partner. How do we do that? One of the callers to my show put it very simply recently. She, Rita, thank you, Rita. Rita said, "To be courageous is to be vulnerable. It is only by being vulnerable that you can attempt to override those default childhood defense mechanisms. But it's hard. It takes courage. For the one betrayed, it takes courage to admit being hurt. Courage to examine events leading up to betrayal, and courage to rebuild your confidence. And for the betrayer, it takes courage to admit causing hurt to the one you love. Courage to face your own guilt, and courage to do the daily work required to repair that breach of trust. Now, I think there are three things, three brave things that the betrayer needs to do quickly to repair that breach of trust. I call it SOS. You know how like in Morse code, SOS is the internationally recognized signal for distress. It says, "We are in crisis." Well, betrayer, you are in crisis. This is what you need to do. Say sorry. Take ownership. And do the spadework. Sorry, ownership, spadework. SOS. With sorry, of course, you apologize for what you have done. But you have to be quite careful with the English language because the word sorry has got a little bit distorted of late. It is not enough to say, "I'm sorry you're shouting at me." Or, "I'm sorry I'm currently having to sleep in the spare room." That's not quite what I'm talking about. You have to get to a place of true contrition so that you can say, "I am sorry I broke your heart." Similarly, with ownership, you must own what you did. It would not have been enough for Hattie, for example, to say, "I'm sorry, Will, that I broke your heart. But you were always so busy with your music or your demanding parents." She had to own the choices she made to perpetuate an affair for 2 years. Thirdly, with spadework, the betrayer must take action. After all, actions speak louder than words. And they act as a kind of insurance policy for your partner that you won't hurt them again. So, whether yours was a sexual affair or an emotional one, the person you had the secret life with or told lies about has to be cut out of your life for good. So, at work, Hattie had to reorganize things so that she never communicated with nor worked with Stuart ever again. And she agreed to be transparent with her phone, laptop, bank accounts, and passwords. But once that SOS is in progress, if the couple are to repair their relationship, they have to sit down and work out what led to this affair. Now, don't get me wrong. This is not to let the Jay-Zs and Hatties of this world off the hook. Let me be clear. I believe that affairs are wrong. They are destructive. And I do not condone them. But if you are to work out what went wrong, you have to assess what left your relationship vulnerable to being blown off course. Remember what I said about splitting? It is not enough to say you had the affair, therefore I am the victim. You are all bad and I am all angelic. Even if your partner was 99% responsible for the mess you are now currently wading through, that still leaves 1% for you to look at and own and work on. Because the very thing that will bring you together, keep you together as a couple, will be the thing that threatens to blow it off course. In Hattie's case, Hattie's affair was an escape as so many affairs are, but not from a bad marriage or a bad husband, but from something earlier, something deeper. Something of her own life, a an escape from her identity, this golden child identity that had been nourished and nurtured by so many people over so many decades. But Will was in that marriage too. He too had his 1%. He too had bought into the idea that Hattie would always be strong and Hattie would always be the breadwinner and Hattie would always mother him in some way. And that had brought its resentments on both sides. Resentments followed by reactions. Couples can get too comfortable. We all need to sit down periodically and examine this beautiful, subtle, finely balanced ecosystem that we have created as a couple with the grooves that we have settled into, the assumptions, the resentments. They are what will blow your relationship off course. The dreaded rut. And infidelity shakes you out of that rut and forces you to look in the mirror and ask, do I like who I have become in this relationship? And how can I change? Because change you must. You cannot go back to being the person you were before infidelity ruptured your relationship, just as your relationship will never be the same again. It could be better. You could be like Hattie and Will who moved on but together they stayed together. They are still together. And I do believe passionately that the more courageous option is to stay. But here's the thing. I am not saying you have to stay forever. Give it time, look within and you may very well fall back in love with your partner. Or not, but it is a win-win either way. Either you see your partner with new eyes, new passion, new compassion or you learn enough about yourself to be able to move forward with confidence into the next healthier relationship. In other words, if your relationship really is broken, at least you know you were open not just to repair but to growing as a person instead of giving into this swipe right, throw away culture of ours that sees splitting as the only option. I've worked clinically around the world and the most amazing thing is that all my patients, whether whatever their race, their faith, their age, their sexual orientation, they have taught me that we all actually only want three things. We want to feel safe. Yes. We want to feel loved. Definitely. But we also want to feel heard in all of our delicious complexity. And that is the path of true love. And I would love it if you could see your partner with that courageous generosity of vision from today. Thank you. Woo!

  Top Comments:
  1. @banxxystylezz4783 [1 likes]: I need your opinions about my situation. 

I met this girl which I saw once without any physical thing going on. She lived in a foreign country and we were texting after that everyday. Also very long video phone calls (4-5 hours) 3 times per week. 
I told her about my traumas cause by my ex (which cheated on me) 
She said things like: „I’m not like this“ & „what can I do to make you believe me?“ 
She even started sending me pictures of the places she been to and shared her schedule with me so I can feel good. Everything seemed to be so perfect. I booked my flights to go and see her. And we were already looking for flights for her to come and stay with me after that. At this point we never had physical intimcy but the way and time we talked with each other was already clear we want to be together. Also how she texted me and  the things she said. „It’s only you“ and she already talked about our future relationship. 
What happened then was a shock and trauma for me.
When she was sleeping I checked her phone because I just wanted to make sure everything is ok and I can fully commit to her. I was really ready to marry her after 2 years. That’s how serious I was. So while checking her phone , I found chats she forgot to delete from her archives. I found out that 1 month before I flew to her country,  she met a guy she was texting for 2 months long. And they had xx. On this day she send me a picture of food in a restaurant and told me she is having dinner with a friend. 
2 weeks after that she texted him by herself that she can see him one last more time and they ended up seeing each other again. On this day she told me she spontaneously decided to see a gf to hang out a little. And just 2 days before she promised me to not hurt me when I talked with her about my trust issues and the scars I have. 

The things they talked about I can’t  mention here. But it’s very disgstng. After that she didn’t meet him again and blocked him later. 

All that happened before I visited her place. We spent a few weeks together and I flew back home. At that point I didn’t know about this incident at all. 
And when she came to see me , I found out what she did while checking her phone. 
So she was now at my place. But to that point she had also already deleted all men from her IG and even cancelled a trip with her friends which she had already booked before we knew each other, just to be with me and respect I wouldn’t tolerate any girls trips in a relationship. 

When I confronted her with the chats  she started crying and apologizing. She even went on her knees and bowed. For real. She said that we haven’t been together officially. Thats why she wouldn’t consider it as real cheating. But I did. Because she said things to me which made me feel she was very serious about us. she admitted that it is very bad what she did and she will fight for this and to keep the relationship and me. 
She was trying very hard. Almost everything she could just to make me feel better. I really had feelings for her. I tried to continue and because she was at my place it was not easy to send her back immediately so I was also a little bit forced to stay with her. But I could never forget about what she did. And why she lied to me. every time I started feeling anger. 
I decided I can’t continue with her. And broke up with her. Since then she is trying to call me every day. Begging me to come to see her. She wants to cover my flights completely. 
I have principles in life and I would never forgive someone who betrayed me. But she makes it very difficult , so I start questioning myself and if I should give her a 2nd chance. 
But so far I haven’t. Because I don’t know if I can ever forget about this. 
Even if we never had physical contact at that point , I still ask myself how she could lie to my so ice cold and meet another guy. I can’t take her back. Who guarantees me she won’t do it again? 10 , 20, 30 years later? And what then? 
She always talked about how much she hates herself for what she did. And how much she regrets. Some of the things let me forget for a short time. But the thoughts always came back again. 
What do you guys think? Was it the right decision to leave her? 

I know it’s a long text, but it’s way too complicated to keep it short. I appreciate each of you reading and trying to help my trauma. 🙏🏻 nothing but love for y’all
  2. @SarahDHakim [1 likes]: As a therapist, I usually don’t take sides… But I find this Tedx dangerous. It feels like it’s glorifying adultery (plus citing the Jay-Z example with admiration and enthusiasm)…. Adultery is deep treason. It is deeply painful on a soul level and shatters trust & intimacy. It IS possible to rebuild stronger after, yes. But it is deeply difficult, and demands that the cheating partner takes accountability, regrets sincerely and profoundly and takes a deep commitment to never do it again… And that he/she keeps reassuring, making sure their partner feels safe, that they validate their feelings & fears… And that the dynamics in the relationships and unmet needs or problematics in the relationship are openly discussed and addressed with a competent couple’s therapist… And sometimes… Leaving is absolutely the most courageous and righteous and self-honouring thing to do as well….
  3. @newpotter7756: A lot of your “ but” in your talk…betrayer always land on their feet…
  4. @BruceBerry-g4b: It’s not what a person wants, it’s what the person’s n does to get what they want want.
  5. @AdaCheeze: This seems like poor advice the cheater had lots of options and decisions to make the person cheated on did not make the decision to be cheated on, this is almost like victim blaming near the end
  6. @maxipaduser3553: Biggest rubbish ever heard. I’m the cheating partner and I’ll tell you all women cheat, over and over and over and over again.  And there’s no single woman that cheated and wouldn’t do it again in a heartbeat.🎉
  7. @americanpatriot6574: The victim of cheating is not even 1% responsible for the affair.  The victim might be 99% responsible for the marriage issues, but the cheater is 100% responsible for the destruction of the foundation of the marriage which is built on trust and fidelity.
  8. @mert-ek4ji: no betrayer watches this and us victims are so blinded by love we still try to hold on to the good memories imagining what would happen if they change...
  9. @Diaryofphdscholar: So my partner instead chose to blame me, i still stayed and  i hate myself for that
  10. @beautybegum1665: When there are no boundaries after a cheating spouse has been discovered. It’s time to say goodbye and walk away.
  11. @AmaraRay24: Married and kids are biologically mine. Wife cheated before kids and ended it after becoming a mother. I found out 10yrs later wtf. I can’t imagine another man raising my family but I’m consistently half in half out and haven’t found anyone else. I don’t need to stay financially but main priority is to raise a family. I’m open to the idea of being with other women even though I know it’s wrong, would cost me time, money, collateral damage, possible guilt, etc. I’ve gone through the roller coaster and I’m trying because I love my wife and my kids even more. The level of respect just isn’t what it used to be though at least right now. Life has a way of humbling you. I’m not condoning what has been done but all I can do is self reflect and keep fighting for the best I can do. We’ll see what tomorrow brings. For those going through it fight for your life on a daily basis and create your happiness.
  12. @DeanithForeverYoung: If you're a cheater there is jo getting away with it. My bf of one and a half  years he cheated on me , last march. I just found out and broke up with him. He called it "a mistake". I love him to death but if i take him back i will hate myself forever. I just can't.
  13. @MRshaipaisago: Such a beautiful talk best advice and delivery to someone in need of it thank you
  14. @Vroktar2009: If they cheat you have no more trust and therefore you have nothing. The answer is 100% always to leave.
  15. @TeamDeltaAlphaBravo: This lady is so pompous it’s crazy
  16. @SH9PP: I forgave her and tried rebuilding for I felt partly responsible that she cheated on me. Next thing you know she cheated again with another dude (who happened to be my best friend…) the next year. So…. Staying will not always work even if you put your heart and soul into trying to fix the rupture
  17. @matthewftorres4576: Think about the convenience: instead of spending weeks playing detective or hiring a traditional PI, if you got insta..you can find specialized help like billsprogramming right in your feed. It turns a massive emotional burden into a streamlined process.
  18. @GeoffreyReeks-j1k: My wife and I have been married for 47 years. We are still in love, (some days more than others). Both my wife and I have been approached to be unfaithful on several occasions. We are now in our 70's. I strongly disagree with this woman's argument. Women typically divorce their husband for advantage, in wealth or in security. Men typically divorce their wife if she has either been unfaithful or stops being nice. We men will almost always divorce our wife immediately after we discover that she has been unfaithful, and rightly so. We will tolerate our wife not being nice for a while. However, that tolerance will come to an end, and rightly so. Children are better cared for after divorce than living in a dysfunctional family, (particularly one in which infidelity occurs). Typically, children with a single mother greatly under-perform compared to their potential. That is, their performance is much better than it would be in a dysfunctional marriage. Though, that performance is still much less than their potential. Children with a single father typically perform close to their potential. So, judges are much wiser to give custody of children to their father, than to their mother, (all other factors being equal). Yet, mothers typically get custody of their children. Children in a functional family, (i.e. a mutually supportive, loving and faithful family), typically perform to their potential. My mother was unfaithful. My father tried to repair the marriage for 8 years. That reflects very well on his commitment. Unfortunately, it was a fool’s mission. My mother quickly came to have no respect for my father, because he tried to repair their marriage. My sister and I would have performed much better if my father had divorced my mother. I would have gone with my father and my sister would have gone with my mother. My father eventually divorced my mother and had a long successful marriage with a good woman. My mother on the other hand failed badly with another two marriages. I cannot conceive of accepting that my wife has been unfaithful to me. If a man accepts his wife after he knows that she has been unfaithful to him, then his wife will NEVER respect him. Oh, she may pretend to respect him. However, it is a pretence. It is only until a better option becomes available.
  19. @julianneradford6332: im not convinced
  20. @ToxicTalesByDrReed: Staying with someone who cheats is just a huge red flag, I'd be outta there in a heartbeat, no one deserves to be disrespected like that.

- How to Get More Customers for Your Moving Business - 6 Easy Tips: Kind: captions Language: en are you looking to capture more customers for your moving business well you're in the right spot in this video we're going to talk about six simple techniques that you can use to drive more business and capture more leads for your moving service now we're going to talk about this even if you have never done any marketing before even if you're moving businesses brand new even if you don't have a big budget to spend on driving more leads this video is for you we're going to talk about some simple techniques that you can start using today to drive more customers for your moving business but first why ises this matter in the first first place well building up marketing and having a good presence for your moving company is really critical for closing more leads so when we talk about referrals in the moving business right that's a big way that this works think about from the customers perspective when they are looking for a moving service they're going to check out your website your social media they're going to look at and look for marketing assets to try and decide whether you're who they want to hire or not right so it's not just about the referral we don't just get referred anymore and say okay Joe referred me to Bob's moving I'm just going to hire Bob's moving NOP they said Joe referred me to Bob's moving let me look them up online let me ask some more people do a little bit more research if they look good then I will hire them I appreciate the referral from Joe that's how the world works if you're missing that marketing pillar then you're not capturing as many referrals as you could be right so let's talk about this together today first things first understand your audience who's moving whether it's families businesses college students knowing your audience is key right let's say you're in a college town offering smaller quicker moves might be just the ticket if you're in a more uh residential area or suburban area you've got to think about bigger trucks bigger moves more time so and then you're going to coordinate your packages and your timing and your scheduling all around that so you first have to understand your audience so that you can get the right product Market fit to make sure the rest of these techniques for getting customers matters in the first pace step two online presence I just talked about that that's your digital front door your website and your social media doesn't have to be overly complicated use a mighty site the Link's down below it's only $9 a month for a simple professional Small Business website there you can put your reviews a gallery um customer information what services you offer pictures of your services in action and then social media just talk on social media about moving tips and pictures of your business to create familiarity that's going to make it inviting and inform ative that's how you're going to close those leads and then how about maybe a friendly video tour of your services or some moving tips it's not just about being found it's making a great impression for that customer who just heard of your business or got referred to it next customer reviews these are the trust Builders so nothing gets people moving like trust and customer reviews are golden so on your Google business profile encourage happy customers to leave reviews maybe even even offer uh some sort of discount or incentive to leave a review right you can't incentivize positive reviews only but you can encourage people to leave reviews with incentives and thank them or show appreciation for leaving reviews so the more positive reviews you get on your Google business profile the more likely Google is to say this is a great moving business let's bump them up when people are searching for moving services that's local SEO and the more reviews you get the more people are going to look at that and say Hey I want a great experience when it comes to moving this moving company has tons of great reviews that's who I want to hire right so reviews can be your best friend if you manage them properly step four local Partnerships partner up locally connect with real estate agents apartment complexes local businesses when they need a mover who do you think they'll call that's right you they're going to refer business to those are the people who are in the know about who's moving where they're going when it's happening property managers real estate agents build relationships with them spend some time maybe one day a week take somebody out for coffee or lunch get to know them talk about your Moving Service build a relationship they want to look like the expert if they're a real estate agent and be able to refer you to a great moving company and then you can work vice versa right if you hear somebody's moving or they're thinking about moving you can refer them to the real estate agent partner or apartment complex partner whoever it is whatever is appropriate it works both ways and helps you both build your business and get more leads look at what we're doing here we're opening up more and more lead channels for your moving business next referral program don't forget the power of referrals offer incentives for customers who refer your service it's a win-win they move and they get something back right offer them a referral off their next move or if they refer someone to you offer them an incentive off their next move it's a huge win for you it's a huge win for for them that's your customer acquisition cost it just means what you give up in order to get a new customer it's a sunk cost right I'd gladly give up a certain amount of that Revenue to know I'm securing more more customers right cuz that helps me grow my business think about how you can Implement a referral business in the moving space and step six keep engaging and following up last but not least last but not least keep the conversation going follow up after moves with a thank you message send out helpful moving tips with an email newsletter stay your customers mind so they think of you when they're moving you can even just send a holiday card right to a list of people they have it's super simple and easy to do on Shutterfly that's going to keep you top of mind cuz remember people move on average every few years right um especially at different stages of life that can happen they're going to be a repeat customer if you stay top of mind then all of a sudden a few years go by and you've got this base of repeat customers coming back to you too because you've stayed top of mind with an email newsletter and a holiday card right it's that simple and easy so there you have it folks if you like this video be sure to hit the Subscribe and like it for more great content about growing your local business if you don't have a simple professional website for your moving company yet click on the link below check out Mighty sites and we're going to be sharing more simple effective strategies for helping make sure your moving service is the positive Talk of the Town that everybody's hiring thanks so much for joining me and we'll catch you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @arelaxedmindisahappymind3253 [3 likes]: “I’m planning to open a moving company next year, and I want you to coach me on how to price services for customers.”
  2. @lamajTHEgod [3 likes]: Thank you!!! informative and entertaining with the GIFS! gained a follower!
  3. @topmarkmovers [2 likes]: Thank you so much
  4. @milosimanic: tell me something i don’t know man…
  5. @HeyMavDak: referrals and reviews mean nothing when moving companies have high turnover rates.

- Supporting communities where we operate. That’s energy moving forward.: Kind: captions Language: en in my community my home is kind of a hub for helping it's a great feeling when you can help somebody it's just part of me it's part of who I am when I saw the opportunity to work in mararo it was no doubt that I would take it if we are part of any Community we try to leave it better off than when we first got there the biggest challenge was people needed employment as a company we were not able to employ everybody so we created myed as the next best thing myid means Maro Initiative for private Enterprise development it's not about a handout it's about meaningful sustainable programs that can develop the community oh thank you very much many young people started developing their own businesses it reduced the unemployment rate significantly BP truly cares about Trinidad and Tobago and if I could help I'm going to be there

- How to get to know your neighbors when moving into a community or new neighborhood: Kind: captions Language: en - Are you a new homeowner in a new community? Want to know how to meet your neighbours and get along with them? That's starting right now. - Welcome to Homebuyer's School brought to you by Brookfield Residential. - Hi everyone, Karl here and welcome to another Homebuyer's School video, a channel where you can get the latest strategies tactics and tips from home buying experts, and remember if this is your first time on this channel and you want to get the latest strategies from the experts, hit the subscription button below, hit the little notification bell so you don't miss anything. So today I'm joined by Heather Cockerline, community experience lead with Brookfield Residential, and today we're talking about something that I think a lot of people kind of wanna know because especially when they're moving into let's say, a brand new community right. So how do you go about getting to know your neighbours? - It's a very good question Karl, so one of the things that we've noticed— we've actually done some studies recently on this, on some of our communities, is that 22% of residents in one of our newer communities found that their neighbours were just acquaintances, but they wanted to get to know them better. So that's where we really find that the homeowners associations play a really big part because we can do events, we can you know—encourage people to gather in the spaces that we create. - And so how do I like—besides that, like you know—the events are everyday right? So how do I go about finding my new neighbours, like how would I go about doing that? - So one of the things that a lot of communities have are Facebook pages you know, so they're connecting that way. But I think it's just about being out and being active in your community. That's probably the key. That accomplishes a few things, it keeps you healthy and active, but then your outside, you know what's happening with your neighbours, you can you know— find friends for your kids to play with. And then you know, just find things in common that you can talk to your neighbour about. - And this is a little bit of a different question but how do you get along with your neighbours? - I think we need another session on that. I think it's about just being neighbourly. - Okay. - People have kind of gotten away from that. People will tend to just go in their house, close the door, they don't want to have anything to do with their neighbours. But the more we know our neighbours the more we understand them . We have a lot people in our communities now where we might not share the same ethnenticity as well, and so getting to know what makes people— what makes them tick you know, just being friendly and being neighbourly is probably the key. - Drawing from your experience from all the different communities that you've been involved with, how does let's say the homeowners association really try to get people together besides you know, just the facilities and programs— like is there anything else that goes above and beyond to try and make sure that the people living in the community develop that sense of community rather than—I'm gonna go in, go to work, go to my house, say hi a couple times, and that's kind of it? - So it's not just about—you know to your point, just waving to your neighbour but how do you get to know your neighbour so through the programs that we offer at our HOA facilities, that's really important and there's something for everybody at every stage of life. So whether that's card for seniors on a Tuesday afternoon, or whether it's a mum and tot club, or whether it's you know—3 on 3 hockey at the rink, there literally is something for everybody so that you can start making those connections with your neighbours. - Do you have anything else to add in terms of getting to know your neighbours or getting to know the people in your community? - I guess my comment would be—just about respect. Getting to know each other, getting to understand what community means to you and to and to your neighbour. It's different for everybody. Living in livable communites is very different for everybody. So maybe that's safety for somebody, or maybe that's sense of belonging. Whatever that is just try and help everybody feel welcome in the community that you live in. - And the question of the day I have for you is – did you have any trouble getting to know your neighbours? What tactics did you use to get to know them better? Let us know in the comment section below. And remember, if you enjoyed this video or found it helpful, hit the thumbs up button, remember to comment, and remember to subscribe. Thank you and we'll catch you next time. - That's another edition of Homebuyer's School. Tune in next time for more expert tips and tricks, and visit homebuyersschool.ca to bring you one step closer to finding your dream home. As with everything, it would be great if you like and share our videos, also please let us know if you have any home buying questions you want us to answer.

- Arts INC project moving forward with community support: Kind: captions Language: en A major arts project is taking shape in downtown Fort McMurray. Arts Council Wood Buffalo is transforming a former downtown movie theater into a new creative campus called Arts, Inc. We are building a creative campus for the community. So, there will be arts activities within the property, uh, in the parking lot surrounding the property, and it'll be a thriving hub for creativity. The space will support local artists, offering hands-on learning for residents and visitors, and serve as a vibrant gathering place for cultural exchange, performance, and collaboration. Being able to gather as an artist, uh, being around creativity feeds creativity. So, knowing the arts are important to building a whole and healthy community, having support for artists to be able to create their work provides opportunities for jobs, for entrepreneurs, for visitors. They'll be able to learn more about our local culture, driving downtown revitalization, and the creative economy. The full project will cost about $16 million. With 6.5 million already raised, Arts Council is asking the public to help close the gap. We were able to start the project with the generous support of the regional municipality of Wood Buffalo, and we've had a lot of community support as well as federal grants. We are seeking 9.5 million in order to get the project over the finish line and get it open to start serving the community. Anyone can get involved by donating, volunteering, or simply staying informed. Best thing to do is go to www.artsinc.ca. You can sign up to get regular updates via email uh for potential volunteer opportunities and for events that would be happening about Arts Incubator. So join along on this journey to create this creative campus.

- Challenges in moving affordable housing projects forward: Kind: captions Language: en i don't know if you remember but about this time in 2020 we were all running out and buying bread makers and uh and seeing paper products gaining a prominent spot on the commodities market so you know i i'd like to say that we're in a better space today you know that there's light at the end of the tunnel and hopefully that light's not a train but uh things are looking a bit better so all kidding aside there are glimpses of some normalcy in the in in some of the building material categories and i know you guys have had contractor on so it's really good to go back and listen to them for a little bit more myopic kind of focus on where you're seeing materials and so on and so forth so i'll talk a little bit more about on the development side and how we kind of integrate in with those contractors and builders and architect welcome to buzz house a baked utility podcast where you can find all the buzz around multi-family housing i'm don bernard's the partner in charge of baker tilly's multi-family housing practice and i'm garrett gibson a partner at baker tilly also specializing in consulting on multi-family housing transactions across the country each week we'll bring you a guest or a topic in the multi-family housing industry that will help you win now and anticipate tomorrow let's get started quentin gormley the executive vice president of development with the housing trust group quinn is joining us today to give us thoughts about our challenges in moving affordable housing projects forward in today's environment before jumping in with quinn we just have a few updates from around the industry the joint center for housing studies of harvard university recently came out with its report entitled america's rental housing the report paints a picture of a dichotomy of two rental housing markets on one hand the rental housing market is strong especially on the high end of the market and more rental homes are being produced now than in past years but of course on the other hand a large segment of the rental population especially low income and renters of color continued to struggle the pandemic exacerbated housing problems that already existed and comprehensive housing reform is needed to provide all with affordable equitable fair housing options also a conclusion are the policies are needed to better the accessibility sustainability and resilience to maintain improve and grow affordable rental housing so again a very comprehensive report by the joint center for housing studies of harvard university and we will have a link to that study available on our website switching gears we have mentioned irs notice 2022-05 last month and again keep in mind if you were looking to have 2021 be the first tax credit period again if you have units that weren't leased at december 2021 you of course have until june of 2022 to lease those units and not have 15-year credits remember though that you don't get the benefit of those units leased in 2022 and year 2021 tax credit calculation any questions on those please reach out to garrick and myself just a couple of quick updates and i think eric we should probably put a summary together of everything that we've seen the last four five six months on state and local housing tax credits again the last month alone a bill was introduced in ohio to create a state loan composing tax credit other be there's a recent california bill that will allow state like tech to be paired with federal nine percent credits right now their state credits only uh pair with with taxes and bonds and four percent federal credits on the other hand south carolina is pausing an allocation of their four percent state tax credit after unexpected demand so just a lot of continued news around state local housing tax credits and i think we'll definitely plan to put something together on maybe a summary of everything we've seen in in many of the states with that we're ready to jump into our discussion with quinn i'm going to turn it over to garrick eric thanks don thanks for that intro and thanks for coming on the buzz house quinn i know we've talked about you being on here before and i'm glad you we finally got you here so thank you great to be here thanks now and you know before we jump in quinn what we typically do is we we like our guests to start out by letting our listeners know about your background who you work for and and what what your role is with that company yeah awesome thanks eric yeah uh don carrick you guys are gonna age me here i i consider myself lucky as i've worked with uh some amazing people in this industry and have developed a pretty unique background in community development centered on affordable housing it's almost a complete evolutionary circle for me here i went to work in the 90s for an affordable housing developer as a project manager and since then i administered light tech cdbg and home programs for state agency that was around the time that y2k hit everybody thought their computers were going to shut down i've been on the investment side um you know originating light tech investments for one of the oldest syndication firms in the country that uh first started working the long-term housing taxpayer program i've done li-tech and new market tax credit lending um and construction lending for one of the largest community development banks out there and assisted one of the largest construction firms you know in the in the top 20 uh in the nation in assessing risk and investment in affordable housing and hud development so since then i've worked on transaction advisory side similar to kind of what you guys do which is uh which is a very important role in in helping us kind of get our deals across the board um and that's with a couple accounting firms um to build up a knowledge uh base that i currently have i currently work with an incredible group of successful developers with our headquarters in miami but we're spread across the southeast the midwest and the southwest and we're focused on producing multi-family housing in general i have a leadership role working among them but it's really working alongside a great group of folks focused on that affordable workforce housing and growing luxury market rate apartment brand that i can tell you i'm really fortunate to be here and thank you guys for having me again yeah now we're great to have you so uh let's jump in with our questions so you know obviously as you mentioned you've been actively developing in various parts of the country so given the current state of affairs due to the pandemic from a developer standpoint right how are you approaching the various supply chain issues that a lot of people are are currently experienced you know when you're trying to put together a deal like what kind of metrics are you focusing on yeah yeah great question well i don't know if you remember but about this time in 2020 we were all running out and buying bread makers and uh and seeing paper products gaining a prominent spot on the commodities market so a better space today you know that the but things are looking a bit better so all kidding aside there are glimpses of some normalcy in the in in some of the building material categories and i know you guys have had contractor on so it's really good to go back and listen to them for a little bit more myopic kind of focus on where you're seeing builders and architects so i can't stress enough that uh you need to approach this early especially today i mean we obviously said that over the years but you really got to get in early a little more hands-on in structuring your team your builder your designer and treating you know all all of everybody's partners you may have waited during the what's called the conceptual phase or the initial design development phase to make those selections sometimes you bid that work out to find the right architect or find the right contractor that type of thing i i would stress that you you got to go you got to go with your relationships and and really kind of get folks in early have them start working with you and get an idea of what costs are looking like and what you know escalation is going to look like down the road i mean right now you're looking at a one percent escalation on on cost on a month-to-month basis right now we think for this year so you know if that means that if you've got to schedule values from a contractor in a design conceptual phase now you know you're going to be and you're planning on closing six months from now it's probably going to be about a six percent escalation on that number down the road so really kind of get in and kind of understand what that escalation is going to look like so you don't get caught flat-footed as you're pushing to closing and realizing you need more equity we're going to need defer more developer fee that type of thing so and regardless of funding type all these deals have a loan to value and all these deals have an equity need just in some cases we generate equity from the sale of credits or we're putting our own equity in for some rate of return that type of deal so so you you want to you want to get in early and that way you're not having to come to the table with more equity too if you if if diverting developer fee is not an option so as far as metrics go you know i'm going to keep it kind of high level to that four metrics that really is really important to take a look at number one roofing materials you know they trended pretty dramatically over the last 12 months the lead time for such products is expected to trend down over the next six to 12 months but i would also say that you know with a caveat that engineered joists you know the big boards that you use to do structural wood those probably will have a little bit longer lead time so getting in early and understanding what that order looks like is gonna be key the second would be again wood-based materials this would be the framing stuff that's been up and down i mean everybody's been watching that you know glued to the tv uh but i think that'll stabilize over the next six to 12 months and these are all these are all information coming out enr engineering news report so you know this is what builders kind of pay close attention to so um this isn't quinn just shooting from the hips and i think things crystal ball wise are gonna level off architectural items drywall you know metal products flooring paint that type of thing um i think they're gonna start trending down as things start to normalize a little bit um and that leads me to the last fourth thing and that's mechanical products uh hvac monitoring system elevators appliances you know right now you can't go buy a truck right can't buy a car because there's no chips seems very true in in this space the scarcity of those chips have really driven costs and supply up so you know you're gonna want to get up there and i think largely you know one of the things we're doing and maybe we'll get to this in a minute but you know getting ahead and buying that stuff early and storing it on site i think the last deal we had i wish i could show you pictures i think our physical site looked like a shipping container ship that parked in you know la uh port right so we had so many shipping containers and that increased security and so on and so forth but getting ahead of it is what's key yeah no thanks i mean and and and thanks for that insight quinn i i have noticed that some developments i've driven by so touching on you know specifically that that was a great sort of summary of all the supply chain kind of issues you're going but what about vendors right i mean i know we've had we've seen some of this issue affecting the projects we're working on so are you doing anything different with respect to like vendor selection or planning for the various type of labor issues that we're facing you know maybe just like some type of example you can provide surrounding this yeah so so labor is a common issue i mean we're seeing it across every space in our economy it's driving inflation that type of stuff so you know one thing that's kind of interesting is you know um architects have lost team members and and the builders are seeing high demand on skilled labor and we're seeing like other builders walk on site and poach labor you know skilled labor so you're seeing that shifting take place so it's really important to kind of pay attention to labor so and when it comes to construction keep in mind that you know the subcontractors the actual skilled labor they're not the same as the the commercial guys the guys that go and build commercial buildings it's a smaller pool of folks that specialize in multi-family that you pay attention to as far as architects go you know we we lost an architectural team due to the pandemic um in the middle so so i would say one of the things that you got to pay close attention to is how your contracts are structured uh make sure your contracts name the key personnel that you need and then you want approval of any personnel changes um and then be prepared to have the hard conversations um if there's a gap in knowledge or expertise and discuss how that will be addressed you know get in there early don't let that fester you know have those conversations and give yourself the room within your contractual base that give you the ability to make adjustments welcome that was really good really haven't thought a lot about whatever every focus has been so much on on materials and things like that but just even the the great migration or this or job that that was those are really kind of really interesting points quinn switching to maybe to the the other hand maybe you know more to the sources and maybe this is it's more just a you know question and a feel it's what is that i know there's no magic bullet right costs are rising interest rates may be on the verge of rising we'll see it's probably maybe maybe it's too simple of a question but you know what what do we need more of on the sources side it's you know everything is being stretched and is it is it hey we need more low-cost debt products is it hey we do you have thoughts or you know what you know again not sharing proprietary information but what's what do you think we need more of out there well for this podcast you probably need a little bit longer uh time to kind of get into it but yeah honestly uh you know i'm definitely not in the camp right now of the folks we're around going interest rates are gonna like you know oh my god we're looking at a two percent you know ten year treasury right now you know i'll remember remember 2015 2017 we're two and a quarter you know 240 in interest rates spreads tightened with those lenders so that's key but i mean we're still looking at 460 all-in rates that type of those type of areas you know so so it really comes down probably to the to the core of your question is building efficiency you know and making sure that your building is efficient one of the things that uh you know we talked about like maybe a proprietary um it's not i just don't think we use enough of it i think we need to be looking at modular prefabricated type constructions and maybe leaning into that direction it's a matter of getting state agencies and investors comfortable with the design standards that are there but you know they do it in california right now i mean you're seeing that when you had you have davis bacon or or prevailing wage issues or union level issues uh that affect wages out there uh so you see a lot of people do prefab all out of the state and kind of ship in kind of deal which definitely helps you know preserve the cost and deliver the affordability that you need in the project i think we're gonna see more of that i mean you've seen recent articles about where rents are trending i mean just today like they came out with where rents are across the country and it's pretty amazing when you see that but you obviously need to become more efficient on what we're building yeah no that makes a lot of sense quinn just kind of one one last question you kind of alluded a little bit to this just i think a lot of people are looking at what can state housing finance agencies do to your point you already said hey we need to look at design you know look at look at modular things i know there's some state agencies that are and today are you know forward allocating credits to fill gaps there's all kinds of discussions about efficiency you know energy efficiency is there any you know thing that you think you know housing finance agencies what should we be thinking about in the next 12 months or so like yeah again as as i mentioned a second ago you know getting an agency to think outside the box and maybe amending its design standards is going to be key maybe to open it up a little bit more um and be a little more receptive i think the other thing i mean you mentioned earlier in the podcast about states with state credits uh you know that's a that's a huge help i mean especially in states that don't have large allocations of soft money um that are out there have not developed those those level of stock money banks so that's definitely key and then um you know how are we going to address uh you know bringing more credits into projects i mean you know every you know every state has we're trying to spread as much credit across as many projects as possible and i like that as a developer you know going in a competitive round that there's a lot of potential out there but we've not amended the amount of credits you get for a project in a long time right that hasn't kept up with the market right so so you when we're seeing construction costs increased by 26 you know between a couple months and you're limiting 2 million in credits your options are reduced to the number of units you're planning on building but you don't offset the cost of the land right so your land is x right so so there's a lot of pressure in different directions so getting an agency to really understand that i think is going to be key i think you touched on pretty much everything that we wanted to cover on this podcast and uh we really appreciate uh having you on quinn yeah thank you guys it's always good to join you guys and and uh look forward to hearing more of the of your podcasts and uh you know i really like the uh i tell the music to our ears we'll be digging in with you guys about the uh about this new uh guidance that came out from the irs we don't have to face 15-year credits that's uh that's a pretty important thing for us right now great thanks green and thanks listeners for tuning in today thanks guys thank you for listening to buzz house to receive a notification when new episodes are available please subscribe to buzz house a baker philly podcast wherever you get your podcast for additional resources around multi-family housing check out bakertilly.com and if you have a suggested topic please send them to build that's b-u-i-l-d-bakertili.com

- How Entire Buildings Are Moved: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wished you could literally just pick up your entire house and move to a completely new place turns out you can in fact wolf house and building movers does this two to three hundred times a year but how is this possible why would somebody want to do this [Music] it takes a huge crew of people to make the incredible feat of moving a whole building possible thousands of tons all lifted into the air rolled onto a road and moved sometimes a whole mile away a whole mile doesn't sound like a lot right but imagine one mile for more than 1500 tons better yet the building remains entirely intact lifting and moving buildings may seem extreme to some people but it's been done for hundreds of years and with today's technology it's no longer if a building can be moved it's a question of how so how is it done take the historic Shay Odette's a restaurant in New Hope Pennsylvania for example it closed its doors in 2006 but was recently moved to a new location to serve potentially as home to a museum there is a lot involved in moving house Wolf House movers only takes care of lifting moving and setting the building down at the new site most people will hire a general contractor to take care of preparing the house for the move clearing the mover out and installing the foundation at the new site we start by excavating all around the house and knocking holes in the foundation for installing our lifting steel once the lifting steel platform is in place we install our unified hydraulic jacking system and lift the house up off of the existing foundation then the buckingham power dolly system is put in place under the house and the house is driven to the new site the restaurant weighed 387 tons imagine how much effort it took to lift the over 770 pound building not only that it was moved a thousand feet up a state road over a bridge all in just four hours sometimes the team will have to work with a general contractor to prepare a moving round they also coordinate with the local police utility contractors and tree trimmers to ensure that there is nothing in the way of the move what's the purpose why would you want to move a building a mere 1,000 feet away there are many reasons that people have come to us removing their structures the most notable reason would be historic preservation we do a lot of work making way for commercial and residential development and on the East Coast we move a lot of houses back away from busy roads there's a lot of work in lifting flooded houses so that future floods can flow right through the foundation without causing any further damage to the living space and the coolest part about all of this most homes are moved with almost all of its furniture still inside there's no need to take anything out of the house for the move with the buckingham power dolly system the house move very slowly and steady and everything will ride just fine if you do have anything tipsy or valuable such as a grandfather clock or a glass base on a shelf or something like that you could take that down wrap it up lay it on the floor as a safety precaution but that's rarely necessary the company has been in the business for about 45 years yet people are still shocked when they learn that this can be done the part of the business that I enjoy the most is being able to provide a unique solution to a problem most people still don't have any idea that a building can be lifted and moved and so I enjoy walking them through the process and showing them how we can help out with a problem that seems to have no solution you

  Top Comments:
  1. @dennisd4452 [2 likes]: My father did this in 1980.  The property was bought by the Forest preserve, and he moved the house three miles down the road.  Took all day to do.  My mother feed the whole crew with burger king.  Today that might have cost 500 dollars.  During the move across a highway my father almost fell off the roof.  Wires for the stop and go lights went over the roof.  My father straddled that all the way to the edge of the gutters.  Have the move on 8mm film.
  2. @YouTubeMushyPeas [1 likes]: Crazy
  3. @rioborzeli147: lol our home relocation on our property starts Tomorrow lol   March 30th 2026 , fingers crossed
  4. @Chorok-bm: Good old days,I  did house moving n both Australia  n New Zealand, great money and great fun,tough though.
  5. @Perich29: I struck a house on the highway

Safety Manager: you what? hit what house?
  6. @叶里序: I remeber when I was 12 or 13, I see it on the TV, I was like ,wow,  amazing!!!
  7. @叶里序: 小时候在电视机上看到大搬家，现在回忆起来真好啊
  8. @LiftAndLand: It's neat seeing such huge structures being relocated, makes me feel like our house move will be a walk in the park, well, hopefully!
  9. @luccianoblock5127: The ultimate prank!
  10. @jamesthemaniac3293: Im glad insider got better at producing these
  11. @shangad5647: such technology is suitable for road widening
  12. @TiesForShort: 770 lb?
  13. @nah-773: I just woke up and randomly dreamt about this and decided to search it up and surprised to find out it’s actually real
  14. @AfricaGeo: I didn’t see a huge crew , I saw maybe ten guys at most
  15. @user-cd3ys6yq9r: Now house can be built on site and then moved to the location,if not in single piece then in 3 ro 4 builder floors.
Everything is possible but getting out of the outdated minset of smoke gun needs to be put on the back burner.These people will not do,they are too rigid between the ears to think innovation and out of the box.
Wrong team.
  16. @billybobkumar9231: With tiny row homes and itty bitty bungalows costing $750K or more, this seems like a great idea: by the land and use every tax credit available to move an historic home to the site.
  17. @MrNoBoDy42o957: For HUNDREDS of YEARS? 😆💀 How lol
  18. @JustOffBeat: In India not possible
  19. @ManjusivaSiva: Wat name of this equipment
  20. @IsmailkandiNKRI: Rumah sy ni mau di dongkrak

- Challenges after moving to USA from India | Apartment? Dependent visa? Credit Score? Loneliness?: Kind: captions Language: en I think Shiva, in the beginning, I mean, where did you go? No, I felt like I took it out, but it's not time, it was very difficult. Your social security number also comes after two or three weeks. A lot of people don't even give you a house. Here, it happens to a lot of people that they do n't know anyone. If you come here, you'll have to work here. [Music] How are you all? My name is Ritu. Welcome back to this very special blog. And a lot of people want to come here. Some people come to read, some people come just for fun. Indian Americans are the second largest immigrant here. So imagine how many people come. But when they come here, their life changes. It feels very good. It's fun to visit New York, no matter which state you're in. But after that, the challenges come and then you go and see it. But how to navigate all this? Exactly what challenges are there when you make that move and how to overcome it. Today we're going to discuss that. I'm going to tell you about your journey. Make it a little easy, let's roll and of course, hello, Prashant, I came here in 2018, like that, and in 2016, it was a little easy for me because I had to ask a few questions, you know, I was told a lot of things, suprashant I have me on challenge, but you can start with Prashant, the biggest challenge was easy, I mean, it feels easy when you come, it's like you're counting the hours, I mean, now I just have to go, so when you come here, it's different from all, God, how will it be, what date, the first biggest challenge, I know, the first major challenge was to find a house, because you're coming to a new place, there are no people here who know you, the process of finding a house here is also a little different, in India, usually, like you go to any city, you have to go home through contacts of others, here you do n't know anyone, so you have to do everything yourself, plus the issue in that is that we don't have any history, the number also comes after two-three weeks, so many people don't even give you a house Because you do n't have a history, they don't want to be included in the list. So this is a bit of an issue. Thirdly, the ranks are very high and the security is very high, so you don't have that much money. You immediately think you are in a convert mode. When you think you have to pay rent, oh my god, you have to pay it. Initially, it seems like where will you get the money from? There's no money at all. After that, sometimes you have to pay a very high brokerage fee, which means you have to pay for two and a half months. So, students have a little bit of relativity. People around the college know that students are coming here. They may not have social security, so they are used to landlords etc. If someone is coming for a long time, then this is a bit of an issue. Many people don't want to pay the students or they want to demand a lot of security. So, that is a bit of an issue. Coming here, you will find it quite challenging because the time zone here is very different. In fact, there are a lot of time zones in it and if you connect with India, then there is a little problem, it used to be like, should I call in the morning or in the evening or at what time should I call when it is my day here, I have been living there, when it is day there, I go to my home, so like talking to family members or talking to friends from home in India, there is a little issue, that distance is also there, both time zone and distance are there in a relationship, if you are with someone, if you have a girlfriend or your family members or you have to talk to your relative, then you will have to plan that I will do it tomorrow at this time so that they are also free and you are also free, the biggest challenge here is another thing that you have to understand the American color, I think we have grown up with Indian color, it is different from the American color, they mean small things, some big things also have meaning and when it comes here, it seems like a cultural hobby and of course I have created a blog about it, I think two years ago, since yesterday Shocks after coming, you feel so different about it, the link is there in the view detailed version, but like you have to give tips when you don't like the food, still chats are not free, here it feels a little bit in the beginning that where did you go, so that's what happens, their thing is, so here there is a little problem in understanding this ex, we don't understand their actions, they don't understand our actions, so there is a problem in communicating, should I just talk about maximum, there are too many actions here, friend, girl has an accent, friend, Spanish action, everyone speaks English but talks in their own tone, so I remember I went to my Blue Test 3 years ago, I gas and she was asking me when is your date of birth, I did not understand it, she asked two-three times and wrote it down, I mean she was asking what, so that is a relief for you, some people's actions are very good, so it is a little difficult to understand it, give her some time, be a little patient, it is not like you are going to see their saree today You will understand things, I gas, now over time we have started understanding this thing more than it was in the beginning, I did not understand in the beginning, what is happening, when I talk to someone in studies, I understand what they are talking about and they also understand what I am talking about because I remembered that I had mentioned in one of the houses also so that that cricket history, so when you come here, I need a credit history for everything, if you want to buy anything, if you want to take a loan for a car, then if you want to take a loan for anything, then you have to apply for a credit card, you need credit for that and when you come here, I never meet anyone from the office, so if you are applying for a credit card, then you get a lot of interest in it, if you are buying a car on loan, then you will get the car at a very high interest rate, so all these issues remain, so what kind of history has to be built here, gradually and by taking hacks from that, I do not get hacked by people I mean, people want ideas on how to quickly build a credit history, how to maintain it, what should you do? This thing is quite a problem. You don't get cards in India. Whatever you do, you have to start from scratch here, so you have to start from zero, so that is a huge struggle for people. Understanding of credit history is important. After coming here, you will have a lot of expenses. If you need a low-cost loan, if you want to buy a house, if you need a postpaid mobile connection, or if you need a credit card, you will need your credit history for all these things. Look, right now no company will give you a loan or credit card without a credit history, and to build a credit history, you will have to get a credit card. So, it is quite internally related, but this is a solution to all these things. Nova Credit. You can apply if you have an American credit card with your Indian credit history. American Express has partnered with Innova Car Credit. As soon as you land here, you will get a credit card based on your Indian credit history. You can select from different cards and you can get a great cashback of up to $200 more. Rewards per purchase: One to six percent. Basically, the idea is that you will have an American credit card. As soon as you come here, after coming here, the expenses are incurred. So when you take a loan for your car or house, the interest rate for that will be very low. There is a link to Credit Nova in the bio. You must go and check it. Because when I came, I came to Sampada in the ticket which is a small town and usually if you are living in a small town, things are far away. Gross East will be even more far away, everything will be far away, so you always need a car. I was not used to driving in India, so I had a lot of issues. Rickshaws are not available here, so then you need a car. So I have to depend on such fans or you have to take a cab to every place. Or like in my case, I had taken a proper house in downtown where things are relatively nearby so that I don't have to go too far for most of the things. If I do n't know how to drive, then you should come after learning. There are a lot of problems here. When I came here, I think we bought a car after 8 months. Till then we used to go with others as well, saying that wherever you go, we will go there. Or what we used to do was, we used to go to the grocery store etc. with friends. Thankfully, those head like friends who used to take us with them, it is very difficult. I think even now, I think we had come for three to three months, so it is difficult to travel here without a car. We are living here in New York, so there is no previous problem or there is no such issue here, but still, if you are pregnant, like if I have to go even a little far, then I need a car. So, it is very difficult. I mean, you cannot do it without a cab. So, learning to drive is necessary here and buying a car is a little necessary now. So, change in frame variety. Well, one thing, if you are coming here on a dependent visa, then your life will change a lot, like I came here, and I think I have been here for 67 months, I was clueless, I mean, I could not understand that What's happening is everyone has their own experiences, everyone faces challenges in their lives, but for me, it was a huge challenge, you understand, what should I do? In India, I was a journalist and worked for a TV news channel, but when I came here, I realized that my skill set didn't fit here, and every day when I applied, it was very difficult for me to see those rejections, I was living through it, but deep inside, I mean, I was feeling something, and especially I think when you become independent in India, there's a process called graduation, when you graduate, you get a job, and you get a company, and things, and you're good at your own money, but after that, if you become dependent on any things, it feels a little strange, this happens with a lot of people here. Now, the thing is, when I came here, it used to be that you apply for your ID, and then you get it after three or four months, and now It is also difficult, friend, I mean if you are on a dependent visa and come with a student, or those who come on H1B along with H4 dependings, they have it for a long time, and when it happens, there is no sensation at all, so they have no choice, they don't know, and those who have it, even if you are not from a fake background, then it is very difficult to do something, like you had a journalist background, so he had a lot of problems in that, so finding the most difficult, it was just like I ca n't tell you it would be so bad, I mean no, I felt like I got out of it, but at that time it was very difficult, but I couldn't understand what was happening, and I couldn't understand why I was getting rejections, I couldn't understand if anything would ever happen, thankfully, YouTube is happy, and I mean things became smooth for me, but if maybe this had not happened, I mean, I was not my strength, it was because of that date and thing, I no, I am speaking in between, but Yes, I have checked that only 30% of my people who watch me have subscribed to me, so if you are among that 70% who watch videos and do not subscribe, you do not lose anything, it is absolutely free, so subscribe here, it is absolutely free and if you are liking the video so far, then like it. Another thing which is challenging for a lot of people here is that you have to do very little here, so I mean, there are some things here which are a little easy, mostly the cooking machines in homes are fully automatic and I mean, some frozen foods are available, people use microwave, but eventually, you have to do some work, it is better if you come here, you will have to work less here and if you are on any visa, if you are a working mom, if you are a student or whoever you are, you will have to work less and I mean, there are a lot of students in India who are very much like moms, they go there with their brothers, after that they have to cook their own food, they have to wash themselves at home, you know, they have to wash themselves in the washroom. If we are making furniture in our house, then we have to do all that work ourselves. Outsourcing is very expensive here, so mostly people become independent about their life and do all the work themselves. So if you think that someone else will do the work, then it will not happen like that. Here you are helpless on your own and you will do all the work yourself. One thing I found quite talented was that I mean, I like eating non-veg food very much, so when I came here, I ate the food, firstly it was expensive and on top of that I did not like the food here, so I tried a lot of things, I did not like the vegetables here that much. I mean, there are options here, but the fun of eating food is available only in Delhi. I do not like the food here that much. I mean, I tried a lot, firstly there were two-three options there and there are very few vegetarian options. I mean, let's go to an Indian restaurant, but still it is fine. Overall, if you go out to any restaurant, then along with vegetarian, there are two-three options and non-veg. There are so many areas, so if you are a vegetarian then it is a problem for you. Many people from India feel that the food here and other questions have a little relativity on the black side, so they do not like the food that much, especially non-Indian food, there are Indian restaurants and even in that, the taste of home is not that much, that is not available at all, even if we live in the original, then it is a very local area, but where people like us used to live in stamp food or in some places, that is, where there are less Indians, it is quite difficult for them, in fact, grocery stores are also a problem for them and like we live in India and you go down, you can also pick up and bring it, in return, it will happen with you that you will be able to go once a month and then you will bring it. I think we did not even have a car at that time, we used to go with our friends and we used to go in the same car, that is, they also used to help us, they also used to take a little less, we We used to take a little less so that we don't have to spend too much and we used to go once a month to buy groceries and in fact here also this Shanky was telling that Shanky's is fine, after doing that we had to go far away to buy groceries, by the way the poor guy used to carry the groceries in his hand, so you will have to see all that here, the thing which I find quite challenging here is that there is a different kind of fort here, that means you keep your old connections, you know everything, your life, whatever you have earned, whatever it is, now put it aside, close it, start again, you are not able to connect with friends from Helpful India and here there are no family members, even relatives hardly belong to anyone and here it happens with many people that they do not know anyone, you know someone, you hardly know someone, Prasad was friends, so I had connected with everyone, so that becomes easy, but if you are alone then you will feel very lonely here, it is not that you can connect with your life Talk to them, they will become your friends. Investing people are very essential and the one who likes you and you know where you are, they also like you, then it is important to maintain that friendship, invest in it and make you feel very happy. I mean, friends are important for mental development. So, the actually positive thing here is that there is power for this thing. You can get friends of different colors, different types, different perspectives, that type of friends, which the problem is that you will not find that many in India. The challenging thing for many people is the weather condition and sometimes it is very bad, so I mean, usually if you go to some other place, even if you go a little away from your home, then the weather is different, so that challenge is always a relief. Here, there is some relief that in some places like if you live in the North, in New York or Chicago, the cold increases a lot, if you live in Texas or Altida in the South, then the heat increases a lot there, so if you are not used to these things, your home If it is not in the town then you will feel the change, that will be a problem, especially the people of India face it a lot and there at IK there is relief for 5 months - 15-20, so minus 15-20, I am telling you the good temperature, that means the minimum temperature is minus 25-30, so it means they cannot go out at all and think like this, for 5 months you will have to continuously live in such weather where you cannot go out, it is cold in New York also but there are like extreme days but you can survive, it is a little colder than that, so if you are coming from the South where it is a little hot and you are suddenly told that you will have to live in the cold for 5 months, then it is quite difficult that the sunset happens very early, etc. etc., there is darkness for most of the days, so he understood, I think our parents had come, they felt very strange that what is happening, I mean why is it getting dark early, then it happens, I think once you live here you Get ok and no fool, you must have liked it, all these challenges, big or small, have some effect on your life, but again you spend some time here and overcome these challenges, which you will like, you will feel more independence and you will feel like a different day together, when you live so far away from your home, so far away from your parents, you come to a new country to do something new, after that it makes you a different person, challenges are also served by it, that is why people stay, otherwise not everyone goes, time is not frozen, every place here has two aspects, something like that, I am ok fool, you must have liked the content I told you today, if you liked it, hit the subscribe button and like, also comment, if there is anything that I missed, then definitely let me know, thank you, so on match watching, thank you, so on match believing and me please take care by [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @vaishali7492 [2 likes]: India is the worst, whole world knows our cheapest.
  2. @arungandhi3479 [1 likes]: most of the dicussion was useless, you should focus on what is crucial, thats is rent, finding job and getting other things like documents and all
  3. @pushparamchandani1682 [1 likes]: hi Ritu satsriakal 🙏🏻🙏🏻
  4. @Assal_Puneri_Chittapaavan: Location 00:02 Both your earrings are dissimilar. Aisa fashion pehli baar dekhaa. 😂

Location 4:06 Check Spray nahin hota. Kya matbal Check Spray ka? Main samjhaa nahin.

Location 15:08 Flolida kidhar hai? 🤔
  5. @AnjaliChaturvedi1965: Wo sab to theek hai lekin ek baat ka dhyaan rakhiyo. Aajkal poori duniya mein bavaal machaa hua hai ki Indians mein civic sense nahin hotaa, etiquette nahin hote, manners nahin hote, tameez nahin hoti, common courtesies nahin hoti. Indians jahaan bhi jaate hain, gund failaate hain, zor zor se baat karte hain, ladkiyon ki upskirt photo aur videos lete hain, zor zor se horn bajaate hain, bud-tameezi karte hain aur shop-lifting karte hain, chori-chapaati karte hain, trafiic discipline ki maa-behen karte hain, sadak par mootna aur paan/gutka khaake thooknaa shuru kar dete hain. 

Indians mein oopar likhi hui sab buri aadatein koot koot ke bhari hoti hain, ye baat to sach hai. Yehi sab kaam hum foreign countries mein jaake bhi karte hain aur India ko badnaam karte hain.

Bas yehi aapse vinanti hai. I don't care about the 1.5 Billion (150 Crore)  logon ki izzat who live in India. I am worried about the 35 Million Indian diaspora living in foreign countries. Aap US pahonch gaye, bas ab apni Indian jaat bataa ke hamein badnaam karnaa mat shuru ho jaana. Promise me please. Maine badi izzat kamaayee hai Canada mein in the last 40 years. Lekin yahaan ke log bhi mujhe ab shaq ki nigaahon se dekhne lage hain, thanks to our jaahil and budtameez Indian students and new immigrants to Canada. Aap bas apni Indian jaat na dikhaayein US mein. 🙏🙏
  6. @KoraaKaagaz: Subscribed after 10:47 😁
  7. @QasirBilal-t3b: 🛑 "Slave Visa" isn't just a dramatic phrase — it's the harsh reality for many.
Sir Gaurav breaks it down like no one else in his latest video on the H1B & L1 compromise.
https://youtu.be/-mpBY_oN-IE
  8. @mht_soni: It's my 5th day in US today and I feel the pain "kitne bhi nazo se ple ho yha aake kam krna pdega"
  9. @pabitrakumarbhowmik2818: Mera to India me hi friends nehi mila , USA me keya hi milega ... 🙂
  10. @pushparamchandani1682: muje aapse 1sajetion lena hsi plss aap muje thoda bataoge meri doughter ki job lagi hai newyork orvo muje apne sath le aana chati hai 1/2 month k liye help  & campany k liye  mera viza  hai but me camfuseing hai k me apna retun tiket bi sath laugi to emigretion pe koi dikt hogi kya ❓❓❓🤔
  11. @pushparamchandani1682: muje aapse 1sajetion lena hsi plss aap muje thoda bataoge
  12. @aircraftmechanic: I really like the way you talk . Gives me big sister vibes❤
  13. @sunitadwarka347: No way
  14. @laxmisharma2558: आज़ का विडीयो बहूत बहुत ही अच्छा है
  15. @swapnapulliwar9841: What you have mentioned are routine & not challenges. Check for local transport if dont have car
  16. @fzlurrehman: Regarding creating credit history once you get your SSN you can apply for secured credit cards by Capital One Bank or Discover. After paying on time for like six months you can get your money back that you paid upfront and your credit score and history will be good after 9-12 months
  17. @rakesh8524: तरस आ रहा है जानकर
  18. @ivyimogene: Very nice couple. I don't want to migrate to US but I just like listening to your talk. Yes, I have visited the US once and I have a multiple entry visa but no, I am happy in India.
  19. @naziyasultana9115: Very informative video maam...
I am traveling to newyork Middletown sept2024 on H1 B...pls suggest a good accomodation ( apartments) , near to pearl river...it will be of great help for .me...
  20. @pallavmishra8169: A loser cannot win this

- Nashville Tennessee’s Hidden Challenges: What You NEED To Know Before Moving | Nashville TN Living: Kind: captions Language: en Tucker if you had to pick one negative thing to living in Nashville what's the first thing that comes to your mind just one clay I have 10 there's so many things I want to complain about Nashville but if I had to started somewhere it would definitely be the High Cost of Living yeah we got to start there so in this video we're going to go over some of the negatives about living in Nashville Tennessee and if you're thinking about moving to Tennessee you're going to want to watch this video cuz we're going to lay out from the eyes of two locals what it's like here and what are the the negatives to being in this area it all starts right now all right Tucker let's jump into it talk to me about your top negative and let's let's talk about real life in Tennessee sure clay so no matter what part of the country you're coming from and they're trying to be in Nashville usually it's for a job we start talking about all the different Burrows the cost of living of what you get can be kind of disappointing uh there's people that going you know I want the primary on the main level uh you don't have a big enough yard here or my budget seems to be practically a rundown home for $600,000 these are the real life issues we're dealing with we're talking real life you know the minimum cost to to buy a house in Nashville has gone up I remember when it was 100 or 150 Grand now you're lucky to see houses at 400 grand for like the bare minimum house you know 1,200 ft 1100 ft within 15 minutes of downtown Nashville you're lucky to find stuff really under 4 400 and again like you said the average price point is somewhere up around that 700 800 or more to get a house that most people are going to be excited about living and so the cost of living is a is a big deal if you're coming from another major city you think you're saving a bunch of money in Nashville well you might but you might be disappointed as well right well absolutely and then when we back out of just housing costs usually the next conversation when we get somebody settled is allergies and they're going Tucker I don't know what's going on and so they're trying to find an allergist they're trying to get an anist toine or something to work we've noticed this in the news with Tennessee Titans players they move here and realize they need an inhaler they need some additional support yeah Tennessee worst state in the in the America for allergies supposedly and Nashville's kind of in a little bit of a bowl so allergies are real most people here suffer from them I take a medicine I take just you know a zertek for it or whatever every day though every single day of the year now and I I don't think about it anymore but I take a medicine because of it and for it so you got to be willing to to deal with that it's worse at certain times of year spring and fall when things are blooming or when things are dying is when a lot of people get bad at allergies but that's a real that's a real life thing in Tennessee uh what else Tugger sure well if we're going to talk allergies so we need to talk about humidity you're going to noticed when all our big tourist events are when it's absolutely the hottest and it's the most humid and and people are just falling all over the place uh that's one of the biggest challenges that people are really trying to adjust to they're coming from out west with a drier climate and then they move here and they need to just realize you're just going to wear the humidity yeah if there's one thing that takes me out of living in Middle Tennessee it's probably going to be the humidity and I may just leave for the summer at some point in life because I'm not built for the Heat and you definitely you're going to sweat in in Nashville in the summertime and you're you nailed it there's a ton of great concerts and CMA Fest and pilgrimage all these big things bonaroo even they're all in the freaking middle of the hot summer it's unfortunate but some of us are just not built for these conditions Tucker which is completely opposite you can put me in in the middle of Arizona or Texas and and I'm fine is it 20° outside and I'm just absolutely just the most miserable individual that you're going to be around but with anyway those are kind of the big stuff when we kind of get back into the other issues that you're really dealing with with around Nashville I think you're going to have to talk about the traffic issues traffic is a is a thing my advice is to try to figure out how to avoid rush hour in the morning and in the afternoon it's only getting worse and the way I think people can do that is you you figure out where you're going to work first and try to orient your where you live around that if you just move here and plan on getting a job you may be inconvenienced but you know I think it rush hour is bad had people complain about it I do what I can to avoid rush hour to avoid getting out and around a lot of people are working from home home offices are on the rise as you know uh so it's not for going to affect everybody but there are certain neighborhoods in Nashville where you can really get a place to live and work nearby and shop nearby and not have to get outside a big radius which is a key to avoiding traffic pains and and Agony right well sure and then when you look of a map of Nashville but the I24 corridors seem to be the most heavily traveled those are industrial corridors for the city those are hard and so really when people come down they see something like a Nolanville and they get really excited about the price point what all you get for you know a million a million two it's like hey let's we need to literally drive this at 5:00 during the week and see if that's something you can handle and sometimes they go I am so glad we did that and so not always the best thing that they want to hear but you're just trying to give them the hard f of hey some of these areas they look great but you're going to be sitting in traffic and you might not be happy and then when you look at the I40 Corridor on going east and west that's probably those are that's really your BR Corridor and those seems to be the easiest ones besides size 65 South yeah that's exactly right I think people would love to know like top neighborhoods or top suburbs to live in to to have access to Nashville but to not be you know in a huge commute time definitely got to plug our other video for top seven suburbs in Nashville it's it's a very popular video and we talk all about the our top some of our top picks for areas to know about if you're thinking about moving to Tennessee so look for that video Tucker and and I agree if you can find the right neighborhood you're going to absolutely love life if you move too far away from work and you're and you find yourself having to be at work at a certain time and having to drive 45 minutes or an hour you're probably not going to love it yeah but if we talk about just the different Pockets around Nashville that we really like the first one I to start off with is weho weho as you know C is about to get a Hermes and so I know your wife is probably really excited about that I know mine is and that that'll be neat also travel Leisure just named Wedgewood Houston that a whole pocket that's where Geo's Park is and dicey's pizza which was covered by Dave pornoy neat area a lot of new development continue to come online just it really has its own ecosystem and own walkability just a neat area to be around yeah and it's it's gritty it's not what everybody's looking for it's a very Urban very like old rough neighborhood turning over into like nice luxury condos it's still gritty and it's right there about a mes south of downtown it's one of my favorite neighborhoods and I know it's one of yours lots of great restaurants there it's like it's like a city is being born as we as we watch it over the last several years definitely check out our video we have a couple videos about weho you got the soccer stadium in that neighborhood you got just lots of cool stuff you got a really cool Park that overlooks downtown Nashville in that neighbor neighborhood that's noteworthy as well so that is one of my top picks super convenient you can get to downtown with on a scooter if you wanted to it's pretty darn close but uh what else Tucker what else is think about well if you slide over from giotas Park and Wedgewood Houston you get right into that Barry Hill 12 South pocket yes you're going to have a lot that's a heavy tourist Corridor CU you have draver James and all those different shops we go to the 12 South Tap Room that's where my kids love to go uh because they love their cheese dip so that's like our spots so if we ever going to a concert or going to a soccer game that's literally where we start just go to the tap room and then right on over that's where you're going to get your million dooll home you're going to get a little bit more yard you're going to definitely have that walkability that's what really people like is they get their dog they get their kids and then they can walk two blocks five blocks to everything you really want man yeah that's a great spot I love the 12 South Corridor you have again it's kind of gotten touristy along the strip there but you have t tons of Boutique shopping you got the vori store you have a ladybird Taco you got a bunch of restaurants it's just that's a that's a must seat and it maybe a must live if you wonder you know you got the sever park right there they've got the community center they got pickle ball tennis basketball have a picnic great spot right there in 12 South and if you're somebody who wants a historic home then 12 South is probably needs to be on the list Belmont is adjacent to that both historic areas really cool sidewalk blocks if you get a couple blocks off of 12 South you're probably going to like life a little more because it's so much parking Demand right there along 12 South that if you live right there you may get frustrated people parking in your front yard and your drive blocking your driveway but great neighborhood you know if you've got million to $3 million do you're going to probably want to see 12 South in that Belmont area to to have on your list at least right yes and you can slide right on over to Forest Hills Green Hills Green Hills Mall it's a big Hub right all through there Forest Hills you're going to start picking up a little bit more yard and get that acre to five acres you can still be in that2 to $3 million price range uh what's great about Forest Hills there's no gas stations out there it's really just homes you know covered in the hills and you feel like you're completely tucked away even though you're right there in the city so I love that part that part of town love rner Lake I wish we could just like duplicate rner Lake and just have four five more of them because it's a hugee park not a lot of parking so you can really go there walk all around the lake and just feel like you're all by yourself yeah so again we're talking about the negatives of Nashville we keep finding ourselves talking about stuff that we're excited about but one of the negative you know the way it's grown so much like the cost the traffic we talked about tuer what else is there the the school systems have got pressure on them certain schools are definitely higher rated than others so not everybody's going to be jumping up and down about their public School option in Davidson County which is Nashville proper one of the trends we see is that a lot of folks who live in Davidson proper may end up considering moving to one of the other counties nearby Williamson County is really well known for people moving just for the school zones and school systems so all the school stuff can be found you know via your your own research on greatschools.org or similar websites they rate the schools based on different criteria and grades any other thoughts on that tuer sure now you do have Hillsboro High School they have several special International programs that is very successful and I we helped people that have moved here from out west and their budget was could have fit anything we could have done Williamson County schools and they could have done private school for everything and they were really Blown Away by Hillsboro High School it fit their knes of what they were looking for what was important so there still are options out there you still have magnet schools and so there are still choices to choose from people swear about several of these elementary schools especially when you're in the Green Hills area so that's as z i right the interesting thing to me about Hillsboro High School is that it's right there in the middle of Green Hills it's such a random location but like you've got like a luxury high-end shopping mall right across the street you got probably a 100 restaurants within walking distance it's a very interesting spot for a high school uh and they've rebuilt it recently but it is you're right it's it's a there is a Balor program there or something that's just very sought after for a lot of people so noteworthy for sure but you will again you will see a trend of some people not riding it out in Davidson County because the schools are not what they're looking for so that could be a negative to living in Nashville proper and you you may find yourself looking at other options that takes me into one more thing that we got to say and that is in Nashville proper your property tax rate is going to be significantly higher than your adjacent counties around Nashville so if you got to see another another negative you may spend thousands more you know every month or every year to live in Nashville proper correct oh yes I mean clay I've got a a tiny Matchbox duplex in in North Nashville 37208 bought it for $50,000 you know it's worth maybe 500 550 I used to pay nothing in property taxes and now I'm paying 3200 3,300 a year I mean that's compared to Williamson County that that's really high so that's why a lot of people go you know what the taxes I'm trying to downsize I'm trying to keep warm my money in my pocket that's when you start seeing people leave Davidson County and go to Williamson or suar where you have Gallatin and Hendersonville and so that is another pocket of course you're by the Lakes up there so you have several different housing options and ecosystems up there well and you bring up a good point like again to back to our original point this video like the cost of housing especially for somebody who's landlord or wants to be a real estate investor Nashville in in some ways has eliminated a lot of the opportunity for people like that to find houses that make sense to buy and rent out it's not quite as easy to make the numbers work as it used to be because the just the cost of Entry has gotten a lot higher as people have moved to Nashville so investors landlords you may not love their returns you may you may love the appreciation that you see but the actual monthly rent versus what you got to pay to get a property to rent out you may be like I'm out take me somewhere cheaper take me to another Marketplace so it has become cost prohibitive for a lot of landlords to be active in Nashville yeah unless you're just a cash buyer or what we deal with is somebody's moving here they're doing a 1031 exchange from their property out west they're moving it here and then we're finding things that that makes sense to make sure the numbers work but we like to line up spreadsheets clay and you know that's where that's where I'm come aor and get really excited about see what type of return we could find here so that's yeah well I got to say you're you're really good at pinpointing some of those other areas that make sense as rental and you know those markets so if if you're somebody watching this video and you're interested in investment property Tucker's definitely the guy you know Reach Out get get on a conversation with us and uh we can we can probably help you connect some dots yes and then the other thing I want to talk about that's really negative Clay is the the Tennessee Titans uh first of all you're moving to a typically a losing football ball team we're hoping to turn that around but if you you know if you go to a game right now there's no parking they're building a brand new stadium and it's going to be great in in three years and if you live in DAV County thank you for paying for that and it should be really neat but just know that that whole East Bank is going to be a mess for the next five years yeah growing pains I mean downtown Nashville has become so freaking cool and so different than it was even 10 years ago but with that comes the Growing Pains the parking issues the traffic issues all that stuff so it's pros and cons but man it it is like the whole Riverfront area River North all that Oracle campus there's just so many really cool things they're activating that waterfront that's the plan so there's going to be more water navigation on the river which is in downtown Nashville super exciting stuff going on for sure we're becoming we're becoming a big city Tucker well well we are and the funny thing is uh CL Jen and I used to live in in Green Hills and so we would always just give all of our running into the Starbucks right there and what's so neat about that whole you know we're in Music City I could be standing next to the president and I don't know and Jen and I were standing in line for Starbucks one day and this is you know 15 years ago and Jenna keeps pointing in front of us and uh just you know Nicole Kidman and Keith Thurman just right in front of us ordering Starbucks just like normal people and it it was it was comical yeah the celebrities need Starbucks too I got to confess I've got a Starbucks problem you know I'm on these I I these ice drinks shakeing espresso but somebody somebody send help please all right Tucker anything else you want to add before we wrap it up no thanks for watching again we like it when you subscribe love it when you call hey thanks for watching be sure to check out our other videos about different pockets of Nashville and if you're looking for that right place the right Vibe the right fit for you then shoot us a text or call and let us know what you're looking for and until next time hook to show you around town

  Top Comments:
  1. @wheretolivenashville: 🤔 Thinking of moving to TN ?
📞 Call us for a same-day 15 minute real estate consult 
📲 615.378.5252

- Why Americans Keep Moving Into Gated Communities: Kind: captions Language: en Florida is kind of the land of gated communities. People that are buying in Florida--they want the ease of living. They want to live in Paradise without all the maintenance. Lindsey Tronolone is a realtor in Palm Beach County, Florida, a hub for luxury real estate. The area also boasts dozens of Some sell waterfront condos, others have multi-million dollar mansions. People are moving here for the Golf. You're not going to pay $225,000 for a golf membership and not be using it. Gated communities have been popular in the US for decades, especially in warmer states like Florida, the southwest, or California. They attract retirees, golfers and growing families, and recently young professionals too. While gated communities are quite varied, they all offer privacy and a sense of exclusivity at a premium. The whole point of creating HOAs and possibly gating is to create that location premium. You're essentially, you know, creating this, this brand, this marketing, that this is a desirable place to live and that we will maintain it that way. But there are some drawbacks, like high homeowner's association and membership fees, as well as restrictive policies. They can also lack in diversity. You're paying a premium for living in a homogeneous environment. So why are gated communities so popular in the U.S.? And are they worth the higher price tag? CNBC toured three gated communities in Florida to learn more. The practice of gating and walling cities is as old as city building itself. Yet the modern-day gated communities started spreading in US suburbs in the 60s as violent crimes rose between 1975 and 1980. About 400,000 retirees moved to seeking lower taxes and better weather. Gated communities were developed to meet their needs. As years passed, they continued to evolve. After the Great Recession, being associated with exclusivity and luxury didn't really work well for their business model. Gated communities have increasingly been focusing on sort of marketing themselves as more middle-class, average American communities. We've got families that want to live in the gated communities because they're zoned for A-rated schools. Now, in this market, it is a mix. Data on the exact number of gated communities in the US is limited, and the Census Bureau groups anything in a secured space together. That includes trailer parks and public housing. What we do know is that the number has been increasing for decades in other countries, especially the developing world with higher rates of violent crimes. Safety is the main draw of a gated community. It's a little different in the US. I think it's a little bit less tied to an actual need for security and more to control access to the Maybe to restrict access to amenities that are there for the residents. This community, Bay Reach in Lake Park, Florida, has been around since the 80s. There are currently six properties up for sale, including one of Lindsey's listings at $419,000 for a two-bedroom unit. This is a two bedroom, two bath just under 1000ft². It also comes with a 30-foot boat slip and a one-car garage. Just over seven miles away is PGA National, and its six golf courses. One hosts the annual PGA Championship. There's also a hotel, spa, pool and dozens of other amenities. The price range varies; anything from a $200,000 condo to a $2 million estate. And as of late June 2025, the community had 116 public listings. What you're seeing behind me here is the main clubhouse pool. We've also got at least three full-service restaurants here. Also, there's a coffee bar, and in the middle, there's the Ibar. Frenchman's Reserve, around five miles northeast of PGA, is one of the most high end gated communities in the area, open only to residents and their guests. The average home here sells for about $3.9 million. These are typically going to be either full-time residents or second homes for the person who's using them, or third homes or fourth homes. There are more specific luxury amenities, I would say, in my opinion, in Frenchman's Reserve. So not just your your pool, your tennis court, you know, your pickleball court. They also have an onsite spa, a hair salon, a nail salon. They've got a full 24 over seven weight room with personal trainers. Nationally, homes in gated communities are on average about 5 to 10% more expensive than homes in non-gated neighborhoods in the same area. This number can be 15 to 20% on the highest ends, but that's not considering the additional fees that come with living in these communities. Every gated community has an HOA that collects monthly fees and facilitates upgrades, yet it can also dictate things like the color of your house or how many cars can be parked on the street. People who would not be a good fit for a gated community are people that don't like to be told what to do with their property. HOA fees for the three communities CNBC visited range, according to upkeep and amenities. Every HOA is different, but in the well-maintained, popular ones, that's why people keep coming back. That's why homes are selling off market quickly, because people want to live there, because they know their investment is going to go the distance there. This home at Frenchman's Reserve sold in 2020 for $1.4 million. It is now in the market for about $3.6 million. That's about a 5% higher appreciation rate than the national average. That's why people are paying. To live here is to have the golf and the spa and the kids club and the, you know, on call, concierge style service. Aside from HOA fees, there are also membership fees, which can be tiered like at PGA at Frenchman's Reserve. Membership is mandatory and cost between $115,000 and $225,000, and there are additional fees beyond that. While not always the main reason why an American seeks out a gated community, security is a defining feature. Some gates are manned, while others are not. If you're going to pay an HOA, do you perceive that it's for something that's a value to you? If the HOA is only for some gated entrance with a guard who checks people in and out, and there's no other amenity that might start to opt out, some people for whom that's not really a value. Hoa rules around renting make it hard to turn most of these homes into investment properties. After Covid, a lot of gated communities in Palm Beach County put strict limits in place. If you're someone who wants to rent, maybe wants to do an Airbnb option, You cannot do that in a gated community. Can't do it in an HOA. You have to have a standalone property. One common critique is that gated communities can be isolating. There's a lot of people that say, yeah, I don't I don't want to live in a country club community or behind a gate or behind a wall, or I want my kids to meet people from other, you know, backgrounds, or I want to go to the community pool and not have my own so that they meet kids. We're really seeing a priority set on gathering and making it an environment that invites people to come hang out and enjoy it. Even the older communities are turning over and kind of revamping their social settings, which I think is really kind of driving where the market is turning. A recent trend has been coupling gated communities with master planned communities. It's a way for developers to try to capture more of the market that has led to more economic and social diversity. The pandemic sparked corporate migration from the Northeast to South Florida, and as a result, a lot of young professionals continue to relocate there. And some have been buying into They're not usually in their house for that long, and they want to just have the security of not having to worry about the upkeep, the maintenance. You know, they're here to work and then move somewhere else. While security is a big draw for some, for others, it's the access to a community and to the amenities within the gate. A lot of these communities are kind of turning towards this. Stay here. Don't leave to go to dinner or drinks or gym or pool or. You know, we have it all right here. No reason for you to leave. Invite your friends. Show them how great it is. And let's make this a bubble that people want to be a part of.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cunjoz [1 likes]: no black people
  2. @ronaldocost4 [1 likes]: They are great. It's like living in a super cool condo, but instead of everyone being in the same building, each person has their own house and yard. The only thing you lose is the incredible views from a tall building, but depending on the location of the gated community and the lot, you might have an even better view.
  3. @SalesRizzAcademy [1 likes]: To keep those sneaky ninjas out. 🥷🥷🥷
  4. @rchot84: They are loosing popularity
  5. @kingmaafa120: Sounds good 👍 
But IF YOU WATCH MANY OF THEM CRIME SHOWS like 

NBC Dateline 

CBS 48 hrs 

Fear thy neighbor 

A whole lot of evils take place as well 

Reminds me of the crime show 
BEHIND MANSION WALL 
DOMINICK DUNNE 

DO THEY HAPPEN TO HAVE S pedo list as well 

Don’t get me wrong 😑 everyone wants what’s best for them 

Be blessed
  6. @colacokebottle1: I am from palm beach county, Boynton Beach Florida,  and yes i live in a gated community,  As a child,  its literally  upper middle class people away from the poor people and crime rates.
  7. @5150SP: Oh look everyone it's a 'whites only' community lol. This is racism hiding in plain sight. They also want to keep poor people out. It's to bad here in Canada that we couldn't build a giant gate around our country to keep Americans out. The US wonder's why the whole world hates them.
  8. @tommasofriz2339: Well well well
  9. @Jdjsjsjjs8auw: $225K FOR A FCKING GOLF MEMBERSHIP?
  10. @doctorbravestone2737: To keep out someone….the 13.1%
  11. @whitegirlsoncrack: I love gated communities
  12. @MrDarkenson: From what I understand these gated communities in US serve a purpose that we people here in Poland take for granted. This looks like US cities are dangerous places with few secluded safe spaces. While here in Poland we have safe cities with few shady districts in them. It's like a completely reversed situation.
  13. @pantherfan-no6uv: no one wants to live around criminals thats why
  14. @The_TRUTH_or_Nothing: The USA is a sea to sea trailer parks, sprinkled with rich gated communities... 
It's the ultimate reflection of the wealth disparity those people live with...
  15. @AndrewSpurgeon-m6f: Sounds like a democrats dream 😂😂
  16. @torsten6777: If you’re poor, you can’t have a gate
  17. @kevinm.1985: Defund the police and sanctuary cities?
  18. @MarvinFrederick-s6g: F  HOA       Can’t even do anything with  the house
  19. @BlackOperations530: Racial segregation by another name. 👍😊
  20. @w2_youtube: I say because don’t like BLM

- 10 Brilliant House Packing & Moving Tips | Best Tips For Moving To A New Home | Smart Shifting Hacks: Kind: captions Language: en Hi Guys! My name is Ila and welcome back to Her Fab Way. So, I am seeing you all after a long time. We're actually shifting to a new house and we also had to get some renovation done in it. So the last two months were all about renovation, cleaning, packing shifting which, as all of us know, is a huge task. And finally settling here. I have always noticed that if want to make our unpacking and settling easy in the new house, then it's extremely important that we pack our stuff in a thoughtful and a planned manner. In today's video I will be sharing many such useful tips with you. Towards the end of this video, I will also share few glimpses of our new house. Now, let's get started with the video. First tip is to categorize your packing. Don't pack your stuff randomly rather pack them category wise. When we started packing, my focus was on mainly two categories. First those things which we would not need for at least first 2 months after shifting. For eg. expensive crockery, and since we shifted during summers so all the woolen clothes, blankets, quilts etc. I packed them beforehand so we can store them as it is in our new home. Second category was of the things which we would need immediately after shifting. For eg. clothes for first 5 days. Bathroom essentials with towels and basic hygiene products. Some cooking essentials so we can prepare basic meals. All the bedding essentials including a mosquito repellant. And a set of curtains for privacy. This will make your settling process smoother in the new house. Also, this way these things won't get mixed up with other stuff. Next tip is for moving heavy furniture. It's very tough to move heavy furniture around the house. Firstly, because of its weight and secondly, we are concerned about them leaving scratches on the floor. Sometimes even floor tiles are uneven which act as an obstruction while sliding the furniture. So today I am going to share a very practical tip with you following which you'll easily be able to slide your heavy furniture. First of all take an old bedsheet, lift the furniture from one end and slide the bedsheet under it. Repeat the same for the other end as well. And there you go. Now you can easily slide even the heaviest furniture in your house. Your furniture won't get stuck on uneven tiles and also you won't need to worry abut it leaving scratches on the floor. Once you have placed the furniture at the right place, slide out the bedsheet and you're done! Third tip is to avoid huge expenses. Whenever we move to any new rented apartment, we carry our own furniture and appliances. But few things are uncertain in a rented apartment. For eg. will there be a pre installed water purifier? In our last rented apartment, RO was already installed therefore we never thought of buying one. But in this apartment, RO wasn't pre installed. Now we had only two options. Either we had to make regular arrangements of these water cans, which is not very convenient, or we had to buy a new RO for Rs.10,000 - 15,000 and also its AMC for Rs.4000-5000. To us, that seemed an unnecessary investment. That's when we went for Livpure Smart RO which we could rent for free. Zero machine cost and no AMC. You get clean water as it comes with 6 stage water purification. Another great feature is that you manage your RO through its app itself. It has all the data - water remaining in your plan, your daily water consumption. Even your filter health information. Our RO's filter in our previous flat used to leak all the time and later on we even installed a separate filter on our expense. But there is no such issue with Livpure. They take care of everything. If you're facing any issue with your RO, you can contact them directly through their app. It provides free filter replacement, free maintenance and regular services. It has two plans - Limited water at Rs. 375/- per month and Unlimited water at Rs. 525/- per month. We shifted in this flat on 1st Nov. and the RO too got installed on the same day. It was a quick and a smooth experience. Another great thing is that with Livpure you get free relocation service. Which means that in future if you move to a new flat or even a new city, your RO will get reinstalled for free. This makes it your perfect and permanent partner for healthy drinking water. Please check the description box for mare details. Next tip is to focus on small things. We generally call for packers and movers for shifting and their focus is majorly on big stuff like furniture, fridge, washing machine etc. But you should focus on small things as well because they too are also equally important. For eg. all the remotes in your house. Immediately after shifting, all kinds of installations start - DTH, ACs. Therefore pack their remotes separately beforehand So that they are handy and installations can be done smoothly. This way you'll also be to check the performance of the device after installation. Another important thing are keys. Trust me! Keys of different cabinets of our house get mixed up in no time and sometimes we even lose them while shifting. So don't forget to label them beforehand. Let me show you how. For this you will need a making tape and a marker/sketch pen. Pull out some masking tape and roll the key in it like this. Cut a little extra and then fold it like this. Now your key is stuck in it and your label is also ready. Label all your keys like this. This way you won't need to look for any key in your new house. Just keep them together in a pouch. Next tip is for packing your knives. Never pack knives with your regular cutlery. Always pack them separately and carefully. You can store regular knives in your kitchen as it is. Just take a box of an appropriate size. You can use a pencil box. I am using a travel toothbrush holder. Store all the knives in it and now you can worry free pack them. But don't store large knives as it is. Just take a making tape. Stick the masking tape on the sharp edge of the knife. Cut the extra part and then fold it on the other side like this. Using the tape has covered its sharp edge. Now we will similarly seal the edges of other knives as well. Finally, I am using oven mitts to pack them as they are quite thick. After placing all the knives in it, just seal it using a binder clip. And, you're done. Next tip is for packing ceramic and glass plates. These kind of plates generally break during packing as they are heavy and brittle. One of the best way to pack them is using pillow covers. Here I have taken four plates and four pillow covers. We'll slide one plate in one pillow cover. Now I have taken another pillow cover but we'll keep it in the opposite direction and will slide a plate in it. This way, we'll keep placing the pillow covers alternately in the opposite directions and make a pile of plates. There is remaining part of pillow covers on both side of the plates. We'll fold one side on the top and another side at the bottom of the pile. This way we've given proper layering between the plates And there is good cushioning at the bottom and at the top of the plates. And you're done. Similarly we'll pack our glass plates as well. A simple but a great idea. Next tip is for packing cartons smartly. Firstly, mark the cartons where in you're packing delicate items like crockery so they are not mishandled by anyone. To mark them, you can simply use a tape of a different colour. This way you'll easily be able to identify the cartons which have delicate items. Another tip is that whenever you're packing a carton, fold one of tape's end like this. Just make a small fold like this. Now to open any carton, you'll just need to pull its end like this. You wont need any paper cutter. Next tip is for furniture dismantling. before shifting, we need to get some our furniture dismantled. Therefore, it's very important to store their screws and plugs carefully. Collect all of them in a bag or a pouch. In one pouch keep the screws and plugs of only one furniture and stick them on any part of that furniture only. Just like this. This way when the furniture is getting assembled in your new home, you'll not have to look for them. Also, they will not get mixed with other screws. Simple idea for easy installation and your peace of mind. Next tip is to keep important tools handy. Like I told, all kinds of installations start happening as soon as we move to a new place - AC, TV, DTH, Wifi And sometimes we also need to call for a plumber or a carpenter. Therefore I will suggest you to pack some tools and keep them handy. Some paper cutters, a pair of scissors, a spirit level, electrical insulation tape, Teflon tape, some extra screws and any screw driver set and some Allen keys as well. Keeping these tools handy will only make your job easier. All installations can be done smoothly and you won't need to rush to market for every little thing. It will save your time and your money. Finally, do prepare for the shifting day. First of all, carry a bag and some zip locks. On the shifting day when your stuff is getting loaded in the truck you always find little things around the house which couldn't be packed earlier like a charger, a bulb, some screws after dismantling a shelf. So you must have a bag to store all of them. Then, keep some markers to label the cartons. Keep a pouch to store the medicines that you might need. For eg. pain killers, anti-allergy tablets, pain relief spray, antiseptic liquid and some band aids. Although packers and movers carry everything but I will still suggest you to keep a twice, tape and a paper cutter. Also, don't forget to plan meal for that day. You can even ask your friends and neighbors for the same. Lastly I would like to share one more tips for those who are shifting within same city. They try to pack and move some items on their own and end up making a lot of cartons. They carry the cartons, load and unload them in cars and lift on their own. This gets very tiring. To them I will suggest you to use this kind of trolley where you don't have to lift anything. You just need to push it. It's available on amazon and you can even rent it. You can even borrow them from grocery stores. So do arrange it for yourself. We didn't exactly have this trolley. We had this base of a table which had wheels and this made us work a lot easier. So guys, that's all for today. I hope you enjoyed watching today's video. And like I said in the beginning, here is a glimpse of our new house.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kanchangadhavi-152 [1 likes]: I need this video 😊
  2. @Ankiitabedi01 [1 likes]: @1:49 am only one thing i need is your video

God bless you
  3. @sonamkumari-jh2mh: Kadhai Link
  4. @ananyjain4074: your video is very helpful for packing
  5. @Teletopinfo: Teesri baar Ghar shift karne jaa rahe ham 😂
  6. @SharaFashion247: Hi
Can I call you ,when will be free
 I m big fan of you and your valuable videos 
Great job
May god bless you dear mam
  7. @monicatudu4561: very useful idea
  8. @nudrashafi3854: Plz disclose the name of packers and movers
  9. @chumkidey6227: How do think so smartly di❤
  10. @classesbysamidha6376: Arey itna time kidhar hai jo knifes ko aise pack karega ... just wrap in cloths n drop in suitcase
  11. @bhagyashreenigre4856: Good and informative videos, Thanks
  12. @Optoipessimist: Thank you! ❤
  13. @pousalidas1071: Good tips
  14. @deepthichowdary-1: Thank you so much sister
  15. @amitrajak9295: Thanks
  16. @samreenkhizer4017: Very useful tips
  17. @ranjanapadaya3379: Thank you so much muje bahut help mili apke video se❤❤😊
  18. @chinmayeemkunabev4788: Super
  19. @jagriti4698: Thank u so much for making this video n sharing ideas
  20. @evashaanhasan3027: Thanks

- How to Unpack After Moving—Declutter and Organize: Kind: captions Language: en I'm going to show you how to get started unpacking after a move in my last video I showed you what to pack last and what to load last on the truck when you're moving and in this video we're going to be talking about what to unpack first in the new place hi I'm Sheila and here are my seven tips for staying calm and organized while you're unpacking from your move tip number one is to open the boxes in the right rooms so if you have a box of kitchen stuff you don't want to open that in the bedroom or in the living room you want to open it in the kitchen and if you watched my video with the color coding Moving System chances are your boxes are already in the right spot but if not now is the time to get the boxes into the right room before you start opening them tip number two is to open up one box at a time using your scissors or a pair of box cutters you're going to carefully open up just one box the reason that you want to do one box is that you don't want to get overwhelmed by pulling everything out and having it all sitting there begging to be put away by doing one box at a time you are actually going to get it all done faster most importantly you're going to feel more calm throughout the process take everything out of that box empty the Box entirely but only one box tip number three is that as soon as the box is empty you flatten it and find a spot where you're going to keep all of your flattened boxes so all of your flattened boxes are together it's going to be easier to either recycle donate or sell the boxes if you do that and it's also going to keep them out of the way as you're unpacking when you see that pile of flattened boxes getting bigger and bigger it means that you are getting closer and closer to being unpacked packed and settled and organized while I'm at it I usually take any packing paper that was in that box and lay it out flat smooth it out that way it takes up less room so it's easier to recycle or donate it and most importantly it's going to keep things from getting lost in all of this crumpled up paper you don't want stuff to get lost in boxes that are already unpacked so that's why I recommend as soon as the box is empty break down the Box flatten it put it where all of your flattened boxes are going to go and then take your paper and just take a second to smooth it out and make a pile of paper as you go tip number four is to declutter as you unpack now if you watched my video about decluttering while you pack you might think wait a minute I've already decluttered I don't need this step but inevitably you will find that you have moved things to your new place and now you realize that you don't need them for whatever reason maybe you ran out of time at the end and you just had to hurry and pack everything without decluttering it maybe there are things that now on second thought as you see them come out of the boxes you realize I don't really need this so it's okay to be absolutely ruthless with the decluttering on either side of your move but especially as you're unpacking really ask yourself as you're taking things out of that box do I want this to be a part of this new space or not with 10 moves in 10 years I think that in every single instance I have donated things when I got to the new place I realized I didn't really need to bring this with me or this doesn't really fit in the new place and then I was able to let it go when I got to the new space I have found that the more that I do that the more free I feel and the more organized and open my new space is so as you have emptied the box and flattened it and put it to the side now you have the pile of stuff that was in that box if you saw my decluttering while packing video which I will link right here I recommended that when you're packing a box everything in the pile that you're packing goes in one of three places it either goes in a black garbage bag a donation box or you're packing it in a box to move and it's a very similar process now that we're unpacking everything is going to go in one of three places it's either going to go into a black bag for garbage or into a donation box or it's going to get put away in your new place that's it there might be some things that you're just not sure about you're not sure if they're going to fit you're not sure if you're going to keep them and so it's okay to have a maybe box but I would recommend not putting everything in the maybe box most things are either going to go in the garbage in the donations or they're going to get put away in your new place and remember just because you moved something to your new place with you doesn't mean that you have to keep it so even though it came along for the ride as you're unpacking it if you have second thoughts about keeping it it's okay to let it go now this is a second opportunity for you to declutter if you're enjoying this video so far please hit that subscribe button so that I can reach more people and help more people thank you so much tip number five for unpacking is to prioritize the most lived in spaces for most people that's going to be the kitchen that's where a lot of our living takes place people spend the most time in the kitchen so the kitchen is a great place to start with unpacking it's one that you really want to give priority because once you get your kitchen settled you can use your own dishes again you can start cooking again and it's going to make it feel feel more settled once you know where everything is in the kitchen you may have heard me say before that moving would be really easy if you were moving to an identical floor plan if you were going from one house to another one that was laid out exactly the same size and the same way then it would be super easy to move and unpack you would just put stuff right back where it was before but unfortunately that's not the way that it works chances are really good that the layout of your new home is quite different from the layout of your previous place so before you start opening your kitchen boxes I recommend taking a step back and looking at the cabinets or any shelves or anything that you have in the kitchen just looking at your storage space there and deciding what makes the most sense for me what do I want to put where you can even take little sticky notes or some painters tape and then write on it what you want to put in each cabinet I want my bowls to go here I want my cups to go here gives you a minute to kind of visualize it before you start unpacking the boxes and then once I have everything labeled I stand back and look at it and then I can rearrange the little sticky notes if I need to but this keeps you from having to physically move the dishes multiple times you might have to tweak and rearrange a little bit later on but this at least gets you off to a good start where you kind of know where you want to put stuff before you actually put it away the kitchen is the most important part of the house to do this with because it tends to have more cabinets than any other space in the house this will give you an opportunity to decide how you want your kitchen laid out and what makes the most sense for you as far as what should go in each of the cabinets tip number six is to have one spot in your new home that is a place place where people can go and relax and get away from the unpacking maybe this is your living room because living rooms typically don't have as many things as other rooms they just typically have the large pieces of furniture or maybe it's a bedroom but just one place in your house that already feels set up and put together it will help you to feel more settled if you have a space where you can go and relax even if it's just a chair in one corner that you have kept clear of everything else just a place to go and sit down and take a breath when you need to take a little break from unpacking because this is quite a process and you're going to need a place where you can sit down and relax get a drink of water take a deep breath before you get up and start unpacking some more tip number seven is that as you fill up your donation boxes get them out of your house as soon as possible either put them in the back of your car or in your garage or someplace where they're going to be out of there if you leave your boxes of donations all over the house it gives your family members a chance to second guess you and then make you second guess yourself I've already made a decision I've already mentally Let It Go and so it's best if it's out of sight out of mind it's in a box sealed up in the back of my car that will keep it from getting mixed back in with the stuff that I'm wanting to keep and just becoming clutter in your new place so I like to fill the donation boxes tape them closed mark them as donations and get them into the back of my car as soon as possible as I am unpacking there are a few things that I would suggest that you not do when you're unpacking don't go out and buy brand new containers until you have unpacked and decided what you want to put where I know it's tempting when you're moving moving into a new place to go out and buy a cute little baskets and boxes and things to organize little fun bins instead of rushing out and buying containers I recommend getting the boxes unpacked getting your donations out of the house and then looking at what's left and deciding where it makes the most sense to put containers and baskets don't worry there will be time to go out and buy cute little containers and baskets and boxes if that's what you want to do in your new space but it doesn't make a lot of sense to rush right out and buy them and then fill them up with stuff that you didn't want to keep anyway cuz now you just have cute baskets that happen to be full of clutter don't start with sentimental items this is not the time to sit down and go through photo albums and momentos and high school yearbooks just set that stuff to the side we are focusing on the most lived in places in your house which again is probably your kitchen maybe a bedroom a living room places like that so it's okay to move the sentimental stuff out of the way we're going to tackle that on another day when you are unpacking it's not the time to sort through all of your sentimental stuff the final thing that I would say don't do when you're unpacking is don't beat yourself up don't pull stuff out of a box and say I shouldn't have packed this why did I bring this with me why did I move this why am I not more organized that doesn't do anybody any good again we're doing one box at a time we're going really slowly and we are being gentle with ourselves in the whole process you have just gone through a major life change it's one of the most stressful things that you'll ever do there is a lot of upheaval in your life right now this is not the time to beat yourself up and wonder why you didn't do it perfectly or why you did this or that why you brought this or didn't bring that when you move into a new space you get to create a new version of yourself and you don't have to bring all that extra emotional baggage into your place you don't have to bring all of your old clutter into your new place you get to start fresh if you brought it into the new place and then you thought I don't know if I need this I should have just donated it it's okay Now's the Time to donate it let it go don't beat yourself up for packing it or ask yourself all these questions about why you've held on to so much stuff this is a time to cre create a new life for yourself it's not a time to beat yourself up for any decisions that you have made in your previous life moving is a fresh start and that's my favorite thing about it now you might be thinking these tips are great if I'm moving into a bigger house or a house that's about the same size but Sheila I'm moving into a place that's so small I don't know how everything is going to fit in this next video I'm going to share with you the dos and don'ts of downsizing I'll meet you there

  Top Comments:
  1. @csc7225 [9 likes]: Great videos. I moved two weeks ago and since it’s just me, I’m not unpacked yet. My sister doesn’t understand why I’m not done lol. I wish I had found your vids before I moved, but nothing like the present! Cheers!
  2. @angelamoffo7339 [7 likes]: Thank you for adding the part about being gentle to yourself. I’m the type of person that wants to get it all done as soon as possible but I had foot surgery and I’m moving slower than I used to. ❤🫶🏼💙
  3. @TheMarioMen1 [5 likes]: Huge, as a guy in the Air Force, moving is a pain in the ass, really looking into minimalism this time around and gonna be ruthless in the “declutter” phase, thanks for the insight!
  4. @tishridobson8413 [5 likes]: Great tips! I'm going to do this on my next move in a couple of weeks, God willing!
  5. @jeangentry6656 [4 likes]: Thank you for this video! I just finished moving today. Glad to know what to do next with the unpacking.
  6. @ashleyanderson8062 [3 likes]: I really appreciate you saying not to beat yourself up. Its definitely something that I found my mom doing already with this new move, I cant wait to share this with her
  7. @RSM8891 [3 likes]: Thank you for sharing these tips. I really love your kind and calming approach. Best wishes with growing your channel and enjoy the coming new year!🎉
  8. @leswag1120 [3 likes]: Great tips. Your videos are so well done. 🙏🏼
  9. @Heidi_Lives_Life [3 likes]: Love all of this!!! SUCH GREAT ADVICE!
  10. @lilianabarragan6287 [3 likes]: Excellent video. I loved the tips. I moved 2 month ago and I know I can still apply this counsels to improve my home organization. You are the best 👍💕
  11. @LoveIsInTheDetails-444 [2 likes]: I can’t thank you enough for this and your other videos. The clear & direct guidance, encouragement, information, tools and help you have so generously shared is more valuable than gold!! 

Facing a massive move, the first solo one of my life, feelings of  overwhelm, fear/dread were starting to creep in and stifle me from starting, no matter how I’ve tried to pump myself up & prepare.

Your videos/you have alleviated so many stress inducing situations and truly inspired and empowered me to get to/through it, by clearly outlining your processes, answering questions. You have helped me (and many others no doubt) more than I can express, helping to overcome/avoid challenges before they appeared just by freely sharing your experience and knowledge 💖😇 I am truly so very grateful! Thank you thank you thank you!💜🙏🏽👏🏽
  12. @dreamweaver5048 [1 likes]: Can't seem to locate the what to unpack 1st video.  I know what to put in that unpack 1st box but was wanting to still see the video.
  13. @erikitalalokita9300 [1 likes]: Ty
  14. @L.11.11. [1 likes]: 🫶
  15. @jennifermcdonald5525 [1 likes]: Thank you!
  16. @jonesbonesjr [1 likes]: Thank you ❤
  17. @meghaseth5815 [1 likes]: What an incredibly detailed video!!!! Thank you
  18. @Greatdoiings [1 likes]: Please get rid of the background music. It is distracting!  Thank u😊
  19. @JuliaEatsYou2: How did you know I wanted to buy cute little containers and baskets? 😅
  20. @PaintingForPleasure: Just moved in 2 days ago. And the chaos is overwhelming. Thank you for the tips. There is direction now!😊

- TOP 16 MOVING TIPS FROM PROFESSIONAL MOVER - MOVING TIPS 2022: Kind: captions Language: en moving tips hey guys it's moving expert danny rosado here again i want to remind you how many years of experience i have in the moving company about good 15 years of removing experience and today i just want to give you insights and tips on how to make your moving way better and the procedures of what we have to do to make your life easy in this process let's go moving tips so move-in preparation tips tip one making a budget list and also making a moving list obviously some people have two months some people have two weeks to get all this stuff together it's not the best thing to do you always want to be sure that you got your funds right and you always want to make sure you have your material right never rush a move it never works out at the end tip two weigh the pros and cons of hiring moving experts if you don't have any friends or family members that can help you out and make this process easier you might want to look into getting professional movers at the end it might seem like it might be a little bit pricey but at the same time you have peace and comfort you have to weigh these options because again you want your move to be as great as possible with no issues and you can always ask the movers how and what to do when it comes to moving your stuff moving tips tip three you got to make sure you send out notices before you move you obviously got to go and switch your cable your gas your electric these are all things you want to do first before you move obviously it makes it easier during the time and as you move in you have all your essentials when you need it and by the time you move in now i want to go over a few packaging tips and tricks first decluttering your stuff obviously there's some things that you never bring to your new house you want to get rid of these things in the beginning you don't want to carry in and worry about it towards the end get rid of it as fast as possible go through your checklist of things that you never even use that are in your attic in your basement get rid of it get less stress tip number three set a timer and pack at least for an hour a day the last thing you want to do is rush through your whole move the stress that will give you will be unbearable try to go as easy as you can each day and do little by little packing boxes putting stuff away like i said previous before get rid of stuff but never leave packing for the last minute make sure you do it ahead of time moving tips tip number four pack an essential tote basically this means all the stuff that you're going to use once you move into your new place there's some things that you don't need right off the bat you don't need books you don't need other tapes and stuff like this you just need your essentials the things you use every day make sure you make a little total of these things so once you move in you can feel more comfortable as the move goes forward tip five make sure you give each room a different packing color label this will make it so much easier for movers if you hire them or family and friend members to deliver your stuff into each room the last thing you want to do is stress about where's this box where is that box it should be labeled color wise and at least a room wise and you'll have a flawless move tip number six don't over pack a box last thing you want to do is actually pick up a box that's too heavy for you or the movers it'll make them feel uncomfortable it'll make anybody else helping you feel uncomfortable make them at least light enough for everybody to carry up and down steps or down floors make it easy make it light moving tips tip 7 use the right size boxes things like books should always be packed in a smaller box it's more efficient less movement and more able to be picked up and carried off it'll make it easier on you make it easier on the movers at the same time anybody else that has to pick it up make sure everything that's heavy is in a tight knit box [Music] and it worked perfectly tip eight don't leave empty spots in boxes make sure your boxes are full obviously if a mover picks up your stuff and there's things missing in it things shift around possibility of it breaking is highly riskable make sure if you have any foam plastic of any store just to fill in the gaps it'll be more approachable moving tips tip nine bundle all your breakable things like liquor bottles glasses even plates never just put these in boxes by itself always make sure you put a lot of padding a lot of loose newspapers or any kind of cushion that can protect these boxes from breaking all your products inside at the same time it'll save you money at the end tip 10 repurpose household items for packaging things like suitcases or maybe even hampers or small bins that you can use to fit clothes in it'll make less packaging and less things for the movers to actually pick up in boxes it won't mess things up and actually be a less clutter less things to break up when you make your move tip 11 save space when packing clothes obviously if you have clothes that are opened out and you put into boxes they'll take a lot of room in your box or even in bins try that a little trick roll them up make them smaller and fit them into a nice knit box it'll make things easier and you can fit more things in one bin or even your hamper or a box in general make that essential to what you do when you move tip 12 label and take photos of furnitures and disassembly as also as make sure that anything that you take apart you label before you take it apart so when you move to your new place it's easy to put right back together this makes it real smooth for you to connect everything and obviously it saves more moving tips tip 13 not packing hazardous materials with other things that you have that you don't want to get messed up things like fire extinguishers or even ammonia anything liquid-based even acids things that you don't want to mix up with your clothes furniture and it might cause damage these things you always either do separately or even by yourself in your own car tip packing up on materials for kitchen appliances these are the things you really need to have make sure you have a lot of bubble wrap a lot of newspapers anything with cushion because obviously this is your kitchen now these are your plates and glasses for your friends and family that you don't want to ruin during the move make sure you stack up the most you can for this process tip 15 use plastic wrap on liquid bottles let's just say in general your shampoos your lotion your toothpaste anything like that should always be wrapped up in something nice so make sure it doesn't spill in the move god forbid there is accidents that happen you might step on it you might drop it but if it string it won't make a mess inside your new house tip 16 make sure to pack your jewelry in smaller boxes things like your own jewelry supply box or for ladies your purses never put in big boxes where things can get lost drop out of the little creases when you tape up the box this is the things that are too valuable for you to lose make sure you practice into something that you always know maybe you might take care of yourself instead of having to movers never know right moving tips first you just start out by making a chart and list all the rooms with a certain color that you can list on your boxes to make the move faster and easier this will definitely help in the process and will take no time to do you should always get boxes that are a little bit thicker never get boxes that are really thin this is not going to help anything inside this box and the contents you keep in it you will want to make it thick enough and protect it enough in case it gets bumped around more boxes more weight less coverage this will be a problem so make sure this is one of your most important tasks also garbage bags you can stuff a lot of things in garbage bags and make it so much easier to move it's easier faster and obviously less cost effective you put your shirts inside and then there's a little trick that you can help by flattening out your clothes inside these bags use your vacuum put it in the bag and suck all the air out to make it compact then tie a knot on it and it's good to go you can also do this with your pillows stuff them into a garbage bag and do the same process as with with clothes vacuum seal it take all the air out as much as it can put them into your box tightly in pack make sure everything fits nicely you close your lids and obviously put tape over the box to make sure it stays all intact make sure your tape is well put on you don't want anything coming out of it then you mark the color on the sides of the box that correspond to where it's going to get dropped off at the location and the number just so you know how many boxes you have in your location in your house always make sure you put on the sides putting at the top it's only going to cause problems later when you stack up boxes up top and you're never going to be able to find it it will just make the time more consumed you always want to make sure you have different sizes of boxes and want to put them in your room nicely so you know where and what essentials have in each box so it's easy to mark them with what exactly are in each box when you mark them in the location that you want in your house tape them to the side of the box as usual with the color so you can easily tell what's in the box okay guys i hope all the tips i give you in doing this moving and preparations helped you out today and if you have any questions that you may arouse please comment like or subscribe to the channel and we'll get to you as quickly as we can and as always good luck with your move movie tips you

  Top Comments:
  1. @leashgang1 [1 likes]: Essentials box needs phone chargers, emergency contacts including medical, legal and family numbers. TP, hand and shower soap, first night towels, sheets and pillows, remotes for tv if they are not securely taped to the back of the screen. Chocolate to reward yourself for a good job on a big move.
  2. @ShellyBomb [1 likes]: 🚛 ~ Daniel:  Thank you for these professional moving tips ... ✔️
  3. @0830jimmy_Hong_Kong: Learning new skills for moving to new house jobs for add experience ❤
  4. @leashgang1: If using bags,choose clear bags, not black that can be thrown away as trash by accident
  5. @HustleWithCinthia: @5:00 for repurposing household items. Great picture for putting spices into the pot rather than into the box next to it. ❤ @6:15 the coffee sign is awesome (1.wake up 2.drink coffee 3.be awesome 4.drink coffee 5.be magical 6.drink coffee 7.conquer 8.repeat) yesss ❤ I love the video and I love the breaks with your moving tips thumbnail in between and it keeps me engaged and not bored lol super helpful though love it ❤🎉
  6. @PartyAtTheTop: Why all the silly noise 'music' when he is talking? I can't concentrate on what he's saying. You need ZERO sounds other than his voice.
  7. @PartyAtTheTop: It is stating the obvious to get rid of clutter. I think the colouring of boxes is OTT, just WRITE on them: Bedroom 1, Bedroom 2, Kitchen...!
  8. @banchitafet853: This is great explanation 👍
  9. @stephaniesebek2397: Typo @ 1:10 <3
  10. @Jarino507: That "moving tips" bumper every minute or so is incredibly obnoxious
  11. @BryanAaronCook.1989: Just moved into my first apartment and furnished the whole thing through Woometron. Living room, bedroom, home office. Total was under $5,000 and everything looks like it came from a high-end showroom. 10-year warranty too. Can't recommend enough.
  12. @tesla2115: piece or peace? yeah
  13. @PamelaSpencer-cy8ui: Bless you❤❤
  14. @marijabu: Very helpful.
  15. @lisac.9393: Great tips!
  16. @Hummingbird0007: In the process of moving. It is very stressful.  Im using boxes from the wine & spirit store (FREE) They are heavy duty & even if packed heavy, I can still get my arms around to carry. The boxes with the slot dividers are great for drinking glasses....wrap and stack. Great for books, canned goods...that in larger boxes or containers make it harder to lift & carry if too heavy. I just write on the box what's in it. If glass etc. I use intials circled.  K= kitchen, G = garage. Bed ( of course bedroom, Bath...bathroom.  I also have heavy duty crates. On the crates I wrote on an index card the contents & room to put. Will see how my actual move goes.....its long distance.  I had packed my car twice & used garbage bags for clothing, linens & sucked the air out with the vacuum......does help for space, but some air eventually seeps back in.
  17. @RebeccaEloisa: So helpful!! Especially the part about smaller boxes for heavy items like books. It’s obvious & common sense - but I literally have a huge box of box in my living room right now lol. Thank you!!
  18. @RaymondWong-u3m: How heavy is too heavy for movers?  I can lift 50lbs, is this too heavy?
  19. @gth882: You wanna fill the box cos box with space in it caves in under weight
  20. @missbilbybadinage1199: Packing garbage bags not the same colour as actual rubbish. My grocery shop has a rainbow of choices in 'glad' brand.
Some bottle (alcohol) shops have free empty wine boxes which are good for books and bits n pieces.
I bought a roll with 250+ unique qr codes (no 2 are the same), their intended use is for shop inventory with an app that takes photos of contents. Much easier for unpacking.

- How to deal with toxic family relationships | Johnson Chong | TEDxRolandPark: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] i appreciate that you're all looking at me right now and you're thinking he's gonna play the piano awesome we're gonna have some music you're right to think so i am a classically trained pianist but i feel a lot of pressure because i don't think i'll be able to play for you i'd feel terrible for letting you down that's not my intention i'm wondering if you'd all be cool if i don't play we could talk instead how would you feel about that you know it was actually my mother who wanted me to play the piano started music school at home she envisioned taking care of my children while i taught the only problem is i'm gay i don't want kids and i hate playing the piano you see every family has unspoken contracts and unlike written contracts they come in the form of expectations and obligations what to do how to do it and when to do it what do you get if you fulfill your end of the deal love and acceptance well in theory anyway in reality most family contracts are often one-sided lopsided or outright exploitative and when they are well it can be both hopeless and and desperate my father never wanted me as a son and he definitely didn't want me as a daughter we haven't spoken since i was 12. when i came out as trans i asked my mother if she could respect my new name and life as vicky she refused i wanted my family in my life but we could not have been more separated our stories are far from rare over one in four american adults are strange from their families and that could be from a parent or both a sibling or a relative and when i say estranged i don't mean infrequent emails or dinner at thanksgiving i mean completely cut off and the main causes are emotional abuse personality and value clashes mismatched expectations physical or sexual trauma and now when you tell people this they're like oh well but honey they're the only family you got i i mean but this is this is really the best that we can do are we destined to choose between self-suppression or tearing ourselves away as a last resort or is there a third path a healthier way of dealing with our toxic family relationships now i believe that the answer lies in looking at our family contracts dissecting them and then renegotiating them for the sake of ourselves and everyone involved now since we're talking about contracts you know a few years ago i was at a trampoline park and i was asked to sign a contract that said i could not sue them if i injured myself at the facility you know what i'm talking about right and i signed this contract a full 10 minutes before i needed to sue them you know we are constantly clicking agree to lengthy agreements that we don't even know what we're agreeing to it's like we've completely lost track of how contracts even work now i am not a lawyer so i asked my friend who is a lawyer what actually makes a contract work a contract only needs five elements to be legally binding one the offer which is the agreement to do or not to do something two acceptance of the terms and conditions three consideration which is a promise to reciprocate value whether monetary or otherwise four mutuality which is the understanding that all parties will perform all the duties that they agreed upon and 5. capacity everyone involved needs to be of legal age and of sound mind to enter into a contract if you think about it family obligations and legal contracts are not very different well except that the offer is often done as this one-sided ultimatum and so the acceptance of the terms and conditions of the offer are received reluctantly under pressure and then the consideration which is the reciprocal exchange of value is not always fair because it's often the other family member aka the elder family member who dictates what is fair and mutuality can only be if both parties are freely willing and capacity wise you were a minor not a legal adult when the rules start applying to you in fact most of the times your family contract gets revealed to you in stages throughout your life with statements like if you want to play with your toys then you're going to have to play the piano more if you want money for your piano lessons you're going to have to help out around the house while you're living under this roof you need to be getting straight a's and depending on what specific culture you were born into you might have extra clauses so for example if like me you are born into a traditional chinese household you get obey your father respect your mother care for your parents in old age honor your ancestors provide male heirs do i need to go on and whatever your specifics are you come into this world in debt and you pay it off throughout your life kind of like student loans if we can renegotiate legal contracts then why can't we renegotiate family ones my parents were freedom swimmers and they weren't doing the 200 meter freestyle at the ymca they were literally swimming across the southern sea from china to hong kong because they didn't have enough money for seats on an illegal boat or yet another failed attempt to escape communist rule coming from political land-owning families my grandparents were killed as enemies of the state and from there my parents sought refugee status in america and they struggled to survive in a new country with a new language and a new way of living now i was born in new york city and i grew up speaking cantonese i learned english in preschool compared to my parents my life was pretty easy to begin with and so it was no wonder that they expected a lot of me and it was also no wonder that i felt awful for not being what they wanted you see being gay went against my family contract it meant that i would not be producing any grandsons it meant that i would be dishonoring all of the ancestors who had given their lives so that i could live and i felt guilty in my younger years i was adamant about not coming out to my parents because i didn't want to disappoint them i was determined to carry my secret to the grave i even tried running away living in foreign countries but that didn't improve the situation i was still locked into my family now i knew i couldn't go back but i no longer wanted to hide and so that's when i saw the third path confrontation laying the contract out on the table pointing out what does not work for you and renegotiating a new now the stakes were high but i knew this had to be done and i decided to synthesize a five-step method of renegotiation and so the first step is to hear the other person and to acknowledge what they're saying now acknowledgement doesn't mean agreement it simply means listening and letting them know that you did so for example when my dad said to me son you're gay and teaching spirituality you're a hypocrite i just repeated back what he said i said dad i hear you because i am gay and teaching spirituality you think that i am a hypocrite this way he can hear that i understood what he was saying and more importantly he gets to hear repeated back to him the words coming out of his own mouth now if you can do this in a neutral way you will create empathy which then lays the groundwork for the second step to say how you're really feeling dad i can only love who i love and it makes me sad to hear that you you feel that way communicate your true emotions clearly this way the other person can understand the effect their words have on you now that you've laid everything out on the table the third step is to connect your stories demonstrate without blame that you understand where they're coming from and also share where you're coming from i understand that it is very important for you that i value the traditions of this family and i respect our ancestors i i do i am grateful for our ancestors and i am grateful for you for risking your life and fleeing to america but i can't change the fact that i'm gay and i'm sorry that this hurts you but i can't pretend to be something i'm not after you have related in a way that they can understand this sets you up for the fourth step to request for what you want in your relationship that i i would like you to support me even if you don't agree and i would like to be a part of your life if that's something you want after telling them what you want the final step is to invite them to click agree now it's very important to offer them the choice so that they can decide about whether or not they are capable of meeting your request so what do you think about that for those of you experiencing unhealthy family dynamics you can use these five simple steps now i use the example of me being gay but you could use this anytime and anywhere this structure of renegotiation can be duplicated for all unhealthy contracts does it guarantee a happy ending it depends in my case when i asked my dad if he could support me as i am he ended up saying no what do you do with that having received a definite answer you can now begin the active process of separating from this unhealthy dynamic you can also begin the process of grieving the loss of a family member who you thought was supposed to be unconditionally there for you and no matter how hard it is to face such a rejection you can rest assured in the knowledge that you tried and you no longer now have to hold on to the what-ifs you see breaking up with your family it doesn't mean you have to delete the good times from your memory it takes courage to let go of someone who cannot support you as you are but if if you can find that courage the reward is that you get to live unapologetically as you breaking up with my parents was instinctual and profoundly necessary if it wasn't for that breakup i never would have been able to take the steps required to be me i think my younger self just wanted my parents to choose me and they did not so i learned to choose myself yeah i learned to choose myself too my mom and i we renegotiated we started communicating differently my dad well he's kind of like the piano i don't have high hopes of playing again renegotiating or breaking up with your family does not guarantee happy endings but what it does guarantee is you gain more courage and a new level of self-respect i mean we spend all of our lives negotiating how we relate to other people all the time but at the end of the day you can never really negotiate who you are my question to you is this are you living your life or is your life colored by the unspoken unwritten family contracts that you're afraid of addressing so whether you are monocultural multicultural male female straight queer or exist outside of any restrictive labels or constructs whatever my challenge to you is this take a good honest look at the fine print and ask yourself is this beneficial for your development as a human being are you ready to dismantle the unspoken family contracts that are no longer sustainable and if you are and your family is willing then you get to live a more fulfilling and healthier relationship and if not and they say no you tried you did your best no regrets now you get to live life on your terms how do you feel about that thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @landric6: They often rely on reputation management. Instead of addressing harmful behavior, they try to control the story about the person who speaks out.
  2. @erickhernandez5316: We should not get advice from a sinner. We did once and it brought humanity to kill GOD.
  3. @platero814: Wow, this is exactly what I need. Congratulations for your courage. Thanks for sharing
  4. @shmoopiebear: This is excellent.  Thank you.
  5. @ArtivismScot: Johnson did INCREDIBLE. Very very well thought out TEDtalk, I'm proud of you as a fellow human <3
  6. @msdemeanour: Excellent video. So relatable
  7. @jackiesicilian5720: I haven't watched the video entirely but this generation is going completely insane.  Go back to Jesus teachings,  love God and love one another. 
Love, not contracts.  Wake up. 🙏
  8. @jackiesicilian5720: The first person, you chose something completely foreign to your mother (mom of a son) & instantly expect her to change into a mom of a woman. You could have had some grace for her to adjust to that
  9. @homelesswanderer5556: I moved to abroad around six years ago. At first, I didn’t realize myself but later I became to notice that the big part of my moving is to separate from my family. I don’t think they are toxic. to me my mother seems pretty depressed all the time. It is only my guess but growing up I felt like I didn’t feel love unconditionally. But at some point I become financially somewhat stable like I can take care of myself. And she becomes like she is the kind of mother who loves her children. But to me home is not that kind of place at all. And I start to feel the feeling that I didn’t feel love at home is just my thought. Because in their words they have loved me as for who I am. And the thought troubles me like it is my problem that I didn’t feel love .They have done their part. Lately I just want to accept my thought and just want to separate myself from them.
  10. @brigittaberes2318: My sister does not even let me talk she just shouts my head off ! Blames me for everything ! If I do not mop the floor that’s the problem if I mop it I did not do it properly . If I cook, it is stinky.  she cooks whenever she wants. It is impossible to tolerate her without damaging you ! And your mental state
  11. @kareembarrow866Youtube: Damn
  12. @josiasseminarioflores: Hermoso discurso
  13. @deepalib7740: Best thing to  do is cut them off from u
....by doing this u will take away their power to hurt u......by relatives makes fun of me n my husband which I will not tolerate....my bloody aunty shantala , seems to think she is someone very great...in d real world.she is just an ordinary housewife in. Mumbai...better know who u r ....who will take this idiots family to ' big hotel for lunch'.....she is living in her own world where she is a VVIP......
  14. @landric6: There are people in my life who monitor and manipulate through social media, which is both hurtful and abusive. This video explains strategies to deal with these behaviors. It’s a reminder that boundaries and self-protection are not only valid—they’re necessary
  15. @betweenlines666: What if you can't even have a conversation with them, what if they twist your words and turn them against you
  16. @GhulamAbbas-p2t9b: I want to kill my mother
  17. @NK000-00: ❤❤❤
  18. @johnwalters9437: Because it is not as easy as it seems
  19. @browser-girl: I came here to know how to deal with my "what-if" thoughts. My family members' behavior to me 100% follow the typical toxic pattern. I had trauma, but I needed to go back their place. I'm so scared and looking for escaping systems and mindset.  They probably say no, but I don't want to carry on my "what-if" thoughts anymore. This negotiation is a good ritual.
  20. @anasalazar7837: Beautiful ❤️🙏🙏🙏🙏

- How Is Moving Long-distance With Children Different? - Better Family Relationships: Kind: captions Language: en How is moving long distance with children different? Have you ever wondered how moving long distance with children differs from a local move? This question is especially important for families facing transitions. When families relocate, the emotional and logistical challenges can be quite different, impacting everyone involved. First, let's talk about emotions. Moving long distance can create a whirlwind of feelings for children. They often feel anxiety, sadness, and even anger. Leaving behind familiar friends, schools, and routines can be tough. The distance makes it harder to stay in touch with loved ones. This emotional strain can lead to changes in behavior. So, parents need to be extra supportive during this time. Next, consider family relationships. If parents are separated or divorced, a long-d distanceance move can complicate things. The child may struggle to maintain a close relationship with the non-moving parent. This can lead to feelings of isolation, especially during important events like birthdays or school activities. While video calls and messages help, they cannot replace the warmth of in-person interactions. Communication is key. Parents should talk openly with their children about the move well in advance. Using simple age appropriate language helps children understand what is happening. Encourage them to share their feelings and fears. This helps children feel heard and supported. Involving them in the moving process can also make a difference. Letting them pack their belongings or choose their new room decorations gives them a sense of control. Now, let's look at the practical side of long-d distanceance moves. Families might find it helpful to visit the new location before the big move. This allows children to explore their new home, school, and neighborhood, easing their fears about the unknown during the move. Keeping children entertained with their favorite toys, and games can help reduce stress. Establishing routines quickly after the move is also important. Routines provide stability and predictability which children need during times of change. Finally, parents attitudes play a big role in how children cope with the move. If parents approach the transition with a positive mindset, children are more likely to adapt well. On the other hand, if parents are stressed, children may pick up on that anxiety. In summary, moving long distance with children involves addressing emotional challenges, maintaining family relationships, involving children in the process, and establishing new routines. These steps can help ease the transition and support healthy family dynamics during this significant life change.

- Wasted: Exposing the Family Effect of Addiction | Sam Fowler | TEDxFurmanU: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I have some people that I would like you guys to meet this is my family now for a while I felt that my family was different now I know what you're thinking you look at this picture and you think they don't look different they look perfect and polished and happy well I felt different for a very long time the reason I felt this way is because of the little boy on the left side of the screen that is my oldest brother he was diagnosed with the disease five years ago and it's changed my life in ways that I couldn't fathom before the disease I'm referring to his addiction my oldest brother is an addict and he's been struggling with substance abuse for about five years now now it's really important for me to frame this to you as a disease because that's exactly what it is it's been a really long time for me to grapple with that idea in my head when I first heard about addiction and saw it in action I thought it was something monstrous scary but my brother described it to me in this way he told me that it feels like if someone put a cup of water in front of you and you haven't had a drink in three days you're incredibly thirsty then they try to have a conversation with you while sitting right next to it odds are you're not gonna care about what they're saying about the relationship or about how you're behaving the only thing you can think about is having that glass of water now imagine if you were in that kind of survival mode all the time how you would act and how you would think and how you would feel this survival mode is what has caused a lot of internal psychological repercussions in my family I learned about all of this when I first went to a rehab when I was in high school as far as my friends knew I was on a fun beach vacation in Palm Beach on my snapchat it was all pictures of palm trees and the pool and fun but in reality we were going to rehab for a family weekend had addiction center that's where they told me something that changed my life forever they told me that addiction is actually more dangerous for family members than for the addict themself and I know that doesn't make much sense it didn't make any sense to me at all I didn't understand how a drug that I wasn't using could be dangerous to me over the years it unfolded and they understood why the reason this is is because in the very worst moments of addiction and the overdoses and the relapses the suicide threats the addict is numb they're completely unconscious to who they are and what they're feeling but the family is sober not only do they have to watch somebody that they love turn into somebody that they don't know but they also have to watch them turn into somebody that they might fear which is what I've experienced I first experienced the psychological effects of the family disease that I like to call addiction when I was 16 years old I was 16 I woke up one morning my parents were out of town and my other brother was gone as well and it was just me and my oldest brother in the house I was ecstatic because we were finally at that age where we could be friends and we could start getting to know each other on a deeper level I woke up that morning with plans of what we were gonna do that day how we were gonna spend it bonding and doing our favorite activities I went to his room to wake him up for a brunch reservations knocked on his door and there was no answer so I walked in that's when I saw him on the bed motionless I thought he was just sleeping so I went over and sat on his bed that's when I saw him trying to murmur words to me that didn't make any sense and he was trying to move and cut in and I felt his hand it was cold and it was beating so slow his heartbeat it's going so slow at that moment the only thought in my head was is my brother dying I'm sixteen I don't know what that looks like I don't know if this is an overdose or relapse he's just sleepy I couldn't tell but I knew I was too small to pick him up and put him anywhere and taking the hospital I didn't know who to call or what to do and the only thing I could think is how do I save my brother's life at that moment I couldn't decide anymore if I wanted to have a childhood I couldn't decide if I cared about who I was taking to homecoming that weekend or if I had a math test on Monday all of those seeing things suddenly seemed very arbitrary when it came to something so life and death at that moment everything changed and I started to harbor these feelings of fear every day it would be a happier story for me to tell you that that was a one-time occurrence but it wasn't that's something that I've experienced so many times over these past five years and my family has as well the phone calls and the suicide threats and the terrifying moments when you think it might be your last words to that person now imagine with me for one moment somebody you love more than anything in the world imagine them in your head now imagine if every morning every night you woke up with the thought I went to sleep with the thought that they might be dead the next day imagine what that would do I can tell you what it did to me at first it was just anxiety then it turned into chronic anxiety and then chronic depression eventually and recently and turned into suicidal thoughts of my own which was terrifying and even more recently self-harm which is something I never thought I would do to myself but addiction and seeing it in action effects your mind in a different way you start to become numb to the idea of death and you start to become numb to these terrifying events more than that I knew that if I came and told my family what I was feeling or if I went and told my friends it would seem stupid because what do my emotions matter when somebody's life is at stake why should I share my experience I thought of myself for a very long time in one word a burden I thought that I was going to be a burden if I opened up and shared what I was feeling I thought it didn't matter I decided silently to myself that I would be anonymous that I wouldn't talk about it but no one was going to know about this because I didn't want to put any extra stress on my family and my friends put them through anything more than they needed to go through it wasn't just me who decided to be anonymous my family silently and collectively decided to do this as well we thought together this will be the best way to conquer addiction we won't talk about it it'll be hidden no one will know and we continue life as normal the show must go on same way it always has the reason we started doing this at the beginning was because we wanted to save my brother we thought that anonymity would be the way to make him safer to put him in the shadows so that people wouldn't judge him differently as see him differently maybe that he would not get a job or his friends would leave or something like that but then we started realizing it wasn't working and maybe the real reason we wanted to be anonymous wasn't to save him but to save ourselves there's a stigma against addiction in our culture that we don't like to acknowledge we like to think of families of addicts as almost bad families often I hear when I say that my brother's an addict people ask me what happened in his childhood to make him become an addict what traumatic event triggered this right well I'm here to say we were raised the same way it could have easily been me that became an addict and that I just equate to luck sometimes it's not necessarily about a traumatic event or a bad family it is a disease inside of your brain but having that stigma for us and thinking that we were going to be viewed as a bad family and that we were all bad in some way may just want to stay hidden it's not just my family and I that decided that Anonymous was the best way to go Society has done that as well think about the biggest weapons we have against addiction in our society Alcoholics Anonymous Narcotics Anonymous they even have family groups but they're all anonymous my question is why do we think that this helps why do we want to stay anonymous well I believe we only want anonymity for two reasons the first is fear we they're afraid of the addict of what the disease is of what they've done about what people think of us or we're ashamed we're ashamed to have them in our life that they're part of our family that we might have done something to caused them to be this way and that's not true we're ashamed to recognize that this is a part of our society and for me I was ashamed to recognize that this was a normal occurrence in my life that was just something that was happening after all the years of seeing how addiction affects families I can tell you two things number one I am Not Afraid of addiction anymore I'm not afraid number two I am certainly not ashamed of my brother I love my brother I think he's brilliant and the fact that he has disease saddens me but does not make me ashamed to call him my brother and to have him in my family what I propose is vulnerability we also have a belief that vulnerability equates to weakness we think of it as our Achilles heel something that can completely destroy us but I think vulnerability might be the only way we can fix the I'm not here to necessarily bring awareness to addiction if you've seen addiction in your life you know what it can do you're pretty aware what I'm here to do is to give it a face different than how you've imagined it before as I bet when you first came in here you might have viewed it addiction as something dark and scary and dirty but what if I told you addiction looks something more like this my family we keep addiction in the dark and that is our biggest mistake because addiction is an interesting disease and that it completely thrives in the darkness that's where it does its absolute best work darkness thrives in the darkness which is why I think we need to bring this problem to light vulnerability is amazing to me it's absolute courage vulnerability is a mother sitting down her child's like my mother did last summer she held my hands and I saw her cry for the first time in my life when she cried she told me that she was afraid never in my life have I had more respect for another woman than in that moment because to admit you're afraid to a child somebody that you've tried to be composed around for so many years that means the world phoner ability is watching your sister talk about addiction and talk about your family in front of you and hope that she says the right thing vulnerability is telling the world that you've self harmed not knowing if they're gonna see you differently to me that is not how I show weakness it's how I show strength through all of this my anxiety and sadness hasn't necessarily come from a place of worry it's more come from a place of feeling voiceless feeling completely unseen my brother's expressed this to me as well that not only does he feel voiceless but that no one even cares to listen no one cares well by listening to me today I have to thank you because you've given me a voice now if everyone would do me a favor and please take out your cell phone and turn on the light and hold it up high like I said addiction makes you feel voiceless I think we need to give it a voice the world that I envision to be perfect is not one where we completely mask everything bad and shove it to the ground and pretend it doesn't exist the world that I envisioned to be perfect is one where we can say yes these awful things happen has happened to me it's probably happened to you and yet even then we can be brave and strong and we're going to continue because there is so much love in this world in an ironic twist fate tonight I am also celebrating my 21st birthday well as you can imagine there's not gonna be any alcohol in celebration of my 21st birthday and I could not care less I really couldn't because while there will be no alcohol tonight the lack of alcohol there will be absolutely no lack of love because in the end I don't think my story's been one about pain and sadness and fear it's been about every single person along the way who has encouraged me and supported me and held me up when I thought I was going to fall down who have given me a backbone who have been someone to cry to someone to hug someone to love one that is what my story's about it's all the people in life in my life and in your life that make life worth living an addiction worth surviving thank you [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAntiAAConcept [1 likes]: No it's not, it is a choice. This is the fundamental difference that I talk about on my own channel as I am a provider in rehab (non MD). Not a doctor but you don't need to be one to understand the difference between disease and addiction. And I was an alcoholic. Not anymore. Cancer is a disease. Diabetes I is a disease. Alcohol addiction is a choice. No one is in denial. You know that if you are drinking 15 beers a night you are not living normally. You have the choice to put the bottle to your lips or not. You crave it because your neurochemistry became addicted. That can be cured as well over time with reinvention of lifestyle. But one of the big reasons AA fails is because their foundation of thought is wrong. It needs to change or AA needs to be a thing of the past
  2. @ngockhanh4689 [1 likes]: As an English learner, I can say she has the most beautiful voice ever, I love the sounds her voice made, its genuinely beautiful ❤❤❤
  3. @emmadrummond9379 [1 likes]: absolutely beautiful talk, thank you for being so brave!
  4. @jll9697 [1 likes]: Im a alcoholic.
I need help
  5. @SBry0528: My dad was a drug addict my entire life up until he died from overdose when i was 14. Me and my sister never knew he was an addict until our mom told us literally 20 years later, in the most unsafe way too. I’m mad at both of them. I prob will never forgive my mother and I resent her more every day to a point where i don’t want to be around her. I never liked my dad, he was mean and abused all of us. I’m sad that he had this disease but i don’t miss him and I’m upset that bc of him, my childhood was traumatic and i don’t venti know why until i was in my 30s. Addiction taints everything and nobody considers the family.
  6. @AshleyBolling-us6yv: Im not cryin' you are! This is such a wonderful watch <3 Thank you for sharing. I am you, too!
Holding a space for you and your family, and your brother.
  7. @Justsomeguy99012: I appreciate words and your struggle, It must have been scary to be that child. Speaking as an addict, I myself  was never numb I felt it all.
  8. @TheRealPinkshores: My brother is an alcoholic… 24 years old… first time in jail  for aggravated family violence… he just got out today and already drinking again. Telling all his “virtual friends” his family is the problem and is out to get him.. even tho he lives at my parents house and he’s belligerent drunk .. my mom left home…  I’m torn… he punched me and I should’ve let my husband rock his world but I didn’t because he could barely even stand he was so drunk…  feels like there is no getting him back and either my dad is gonna die of a heart attack dealing with him and my mom is going to die of stress..
  9. @hectormontalvo8978: Disease my nuts, those ppl need to have the balls and accept  their bad choices  the have the guts to become  wherever  they want
  10. @Hunnyvibez: Such a powerful story
  11. @blakeduris2347: What about ibogaine
  12. @blakeduris2347: Unfortunately it’s my whole family lol
  13. @alexawilsonartvideos: Good questions about anonymity addictions have so much hidden shame. The vulnerability and strength  and approach of her talk is inspiring. Great message about vulnerability
  14. @Godsmujer: Make cells in family's homes and the family can take care of the person while they have no choice but to stop doing drugs.  What's worse that or being in real prison
  15. @kevin-vi9xe: A good, interesting book to read on addiction and mental health is "The great Deceit and the Staus Quo by Jus pondering."
  16. @Crayray2001: Watched my brother on life support due to substance abuse, which became the same substance I am ruining my life over.
  17. @anaw870: So sad that this part doesn’t get talked about more.

My 17 yr old son woke me up at 12:20 am on 8/23/25; 9:44  frantic and hysterical, he couldn’t wake his 19yr old brother.

Sam died. Marcus found him. Our worst fear of 2 years came true.

It saddens me he had a disease that killed him.
  18. @Sonofwill: Before I knew what addiction was I. Naively thought it was all just willpower, and I presumed that prescription drugs would be totally safe as the government surely would not allow that to happen to its citizens. Very naive! 
It literally turns your into a state of emergency survival mode, all priorities are on being able to function and survive the day! All other priorities are secondary
  19. @ritabridges4778: This❤❤❤❤❤
  20. @jantoxen: Wow

- How To Deal With A Friend Moving Away? - Better Family Relationships: Kind: captions Language: en How to deal with a friend moving away. Have you ever faced the challenge of saying goodbye to a friend who is moving away? It can be a tough situation, especially when it impacts family relationships. Here are some practical ways to handle this transition smoothly. First, it is essential to acknowledge your feelings. It is okay to feel sad or even angry about your friend leaving. Talk about these emotions with family members. Sharing feelings can create a supportive atmosphere for everyone involved. Next, open communication is vital. Reach out to your friend and express how much they mean to you. Let them know that you will miss them. This conversation can strengthen your bond even after they relocate. Maintaining connections is easier than ever with technology. Use video calls, messaging applications, and social media to stay in touch. This is especially helpful for children who may struggle with losing a friend. Creating new traditions can also help. After your friend moves, consider starting new family activities. This could be a monthly game night or a weekend outing. These new experiences can help everyone adjust to the change. Support is crucial during this time. Moving can be stressful for both families. Offer emotional support to each other. If you can help with packing or other moving tasks, this can strengthen family bonds while easing the burden of relocation. While it is natural to feel sad, try to focus on the positive aspects of the move. Your friend may have new opportunities or adventures ahead. This shift can also be a chance for you to make new friends. If possible, plan visits to see your friend in their new location. Having something to look forward to can make the distance feel less daunting. Encourage family members, especially children, to make new friends. This can help them feel more connected to their community and less isolated. Take time to reflected on happy memories with your friend. Cherishing these moments can help you appreciate the time you spent together and look forward to future interactions. Lastly, be patient with yourself and your family. Adjusting to a friend moving away takes time. It is perfectly normal to feel a mix of emotions. With time, you can find ways to move forward while maintaining meaningful

- How To Adjust When Moving To A New Location Or City: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever moved to a new location or a new city and had some challenges in adjusting to that new location? Today, we're gonna talk about some tips that can help you with that. Principle-Based Living is all about understanding the the principles or the laws that govern this world in which we live. It's about paying attention to our own thoughts and our beliefs. And making sure that those thoughts and beliefs are based on principle. That's also about our thoughts and our beliefs drive our behavior which create our outcomes. And then we also have expectations about what we think that our behaviors will create for us in this life. We have beliefs and expectations about happiness. We have beliefs and expectations about everything that we do in life. In fact, everything we do in life we do for a reason. But oftentimes, we're not really aware of what that reason is because 90% of the time we're on autopilot. Which means that 90% of the time, it's the subconscious part of our brain that is coming up with the thoughts and it's driving our behaviors. All of those beliefs and all of those behaviors that come from the subconscious part of our brain, those are learned thoughts and learn behaviors. And because when we're learning them, most of the time, we're operating in the subconscious part of our brain. We don't really pay attention. We don't question whether what we're learning is based on principle or not. If it seems to work for us in the moment, then the subconscious just accepts it and believes it. And says, "Okay, that's that's the way it is. That's the way life is." But oftentimes, those assumptions or those conclusions that we make with the subconscious part of our brain are incorrect. And so Principle-Based Living this is about exposing those incorrect beliefs and helping you to know what the principles are that govern this this life in this world in which we live. And then to help you bring your beliefs in your behavior in alignment with those principles. With the result of that being that you can achieve everything that you want in your life. And what I believe that we all want is we really want to be happy. So, let's talk now a little bit about moving to a new situation or to a new town. So, that move, moving to a new location is something that we would call an event. So, what does that event mean? So, if you were moving to a new city, a new location, what would your thoughts? What would your beliefs? And what would your emotion be about that? Now, since all of us are different and we all have different experiences, we're probably all going to have different thoughts and different beliefs. Different emotions and different behaviors as a result of that move. So, I could think about the move as something that is scary. That it's intimidating. That creates a feeling of anxiety or fear or nervousness. Or it could create thoughts of "This is going to be fun. This is going to be exciting. It's a new opportunity. I get to meet new people." And with either one of those beliefs though will come an expectation of what that experience is going to be like. And so we come into that new town, that new city. Already with some preconceived ideas, fears, emotions, beliefs about what that experience is going to be. So, here's the thing: If those thoughts and beliefs are already in my head and 90% of the time I'm operating from the subconscious part of my brain. And then that subconscious creates a filter or a lens through which we see the world. So, there's 2 basic lenses or paradigms through which we look at the world. here's a paradigm of abundance and a paradigm with scarcity. The paradigm of abundance is based on love. The paradigm of scarcity is based on fear. So, let's say my beliefs about moving to the new town are fear-based thoughts. So, I'm going to move into this new city with the lens of this is going to be scary, there's a possibility of people not liking me, not responding to me the way that I would like them to respond. Maybe I'm going to have difficulty making new friends. All the negative thoughts that would be part of who I am would begin to be part of those subconscious thoughts in my brain. Now, because of that, my subconscious will create a filter because the conscious part of our brain can only process a portion of what the subconscious can process. So, that filter, the intent of that is to filter out all of the irrelevant information. So, because of that, we don't even see it. It's as if it doesn't even exist. So, if I move into this location from a fear-based perspective, guess what I'm going to see? All of the things that my subconscious is looking for that are in alignment with those fear-based thoughts. That's kind of scary. So, what I've really done is I've created my own reality because of my thoughts and beliefs about what it was going to be like. Now, the opposite is true. Let's say I'm excited about moving into this new city and I'm excited about the opportunities that are there. And I'm excited about the new friendly, nice people that I'm gonna meet. And all of the opportunities that are there for me. That now goes into the subconscious part of my brain. Sets up the filter. So that when I move into the new town, it's going to filter out all of the negative stuff. But guess what I will see? I will see all of the things that programmed my brain to look for. So, that's one thing about moving into any new situation or any new setting is that we can pre-program ourself by becoming aware of what our thoughts are about this situation. Because the truth is, "Do I know what this new city is going to be like? Do I know what my experiences are going to be like? Do I know for sure what the people are going to be like?" No, I don't know. But why not set myself up to look for what I want instead of to look for what I don't want. Now, here's the other part is it's important for us to really realize what this whole earth experience is all about. And I believe it's about learning and growing and becoming. And as we become the best person that we can be, as we begin to to feel our potential, the outcome of that is happiness. Because then we make choices that are more in alignment with our true self. So, we live in a world that is perfectly imperfect. And so what that means is that we live in a world that gives us the opportunities to grow and learn the things that we need to learn to become the person that we can become. So, if we move to a new city where we go into a new situation and I'm really struggling with that. And let's say that my belief or my focus is that the problems that I'm experiencing is because of the city that I now live in. And I think that my life was better and I was happier back in the city that I was in before. That's a false belief because I can choose to be totally and completely happy in any circumstance or any situation. So, what happens is if I'm focusing on things outside of myself, I'm missing the opportunity that life is giving me to learn about myself. So, instead if I mean in that new setting and I'm feeling uncomfortable, then that tells me something about me and my beliefs about myself and who I am. Maybe I'm feeling insecure or I just lack confidence in myself for my abilities. Now, I can examine that belief. Because is that true? Am I okay as a person? Or Am I not okay? Do I have a belief that in order for me to be okay, that I need to be perfect and that everybody needs to like me and that everything is supposed to go the way it's supposed to go in my life? Again, if I have that belief, I'm going to be disappointed and unhappy. But if I have a belief that I am imperfect and that I make mistakes. And in fact, in order to live life, it's impossible to go through this life without making mistakes. Mistakes are there to help us learn and to grow and to improve. And so, I need to accept myself for who I am and to know that I am okay as a person. Once I know that, then that fear or anxiety of messing up will decrease or possibly even go away because I can change that belief about failure. I can really understand that failure doesn't exist. All there is is learning opportunities. And so I can try something new and if it doesn't work out, it doesn't mean anything negative about me. It just means there's something that I don't know or that I don't understand. So, if I have the right mindset, when things don't go the way that I want them to go, that's a cue or a trigger for me to look at myself. And it's an opportunity to examine my thoughts, examine my beliefs. Make sure that they're in alignment with principle. If I don't know the principle that they are aligned with, then I need to be willing to question those beliefs because maybe they're not true. And then also be willing if those beliefs are not working for me to let them go and to replace them with beliefs that are based on truth. So, this whole idea of moving to a new town or a new city or entering into a new experience, it gets to be exactly whatever you want it to be. It can be the best experience of your life or it can be the worst experience of your life. That's your decision to make. What I encourage you to do is to look at your beliefs based on that situation and be willing to question those beliefs. Make sure that your beliefs are in alignment with true principle. Make sure that you see yourself for who you really are. And to recognize if you're not the person that you want to be, that's fine. You can become that person. But first. you need to be willing to look at yourself and to identify well what are there is in my life that maybe I'm not where I want to yet be. And then come up with a plan to help you make the changes to become that person. Possibly this move to a new location. And maybe you've moved there and you're feeling lonely or you're feeling out of place. Maybe that's exactly what you need to help you learn and grow and become the person that you can be to achieve the happiness that you want in your life. Thanks for watching today. Be sure and subscribe to our channel. If you want to know more about who we are, visit our website principlebasedliving.com. And if you're watching this on LinkedIn, be sure and follow me here.

- 16 Tips on Setting Up New Home After Moving | House moving tips #frommyhomevlogs #organizing: Kind: captions Language: en hi welcome back to the channel we lived 6 years in this house and recently moved moving and arranging 6 years of stuffs in the new house and expecting the proper functionality in a day R2 is the biggest task ever the only thing available at new place is electricity and water setting up the kitchen Furnitures need to be assembled Plumbing work for dishwasher and washing machine electrical work like installing TV e and other electrical items it's like starting the life again at the new place in this video I have shared our experience of setting up the new house let's talk about it after finalizing the house check all the tabs and lights check the power sockets with a mobile charger if it is a newly constructed building also check the gas pipeline hole in the kitchen some items like towel hanger in the bathroom curtain rods bathroom shelf and fans will not be provided with some houses the tenant need to buy and fix all these items some basic electrical and plumbing works also need to be paid note down the list of items to buy and services need to be paid and plan the budget accordingly we contacted the service center for AC installation our is 6 years old unit so the service person told us it is better to change the electric cables outlet pipe and copper coil with new one installation charges also need to paid keep this also in your budget and plan it accordingly [Music] book a plumber to give water inlet connection to the dishwasher and washing machine and a carender to assemble the furniture and to fix wall shelves photo frames clogs curtain draw mirror and clo ring dropes and so on contact the service provider to move and install Wi-Fi at new place this suits for local moving otherwise they may ask you to cancel your current service and get the new service at new pleas another important one is this cloth drying rope we wanted to have this bully type somehow we missed to install this in the beginning and try to manage with these pair ropes if you have toddler or kids give preference to install this drying R beforehand for a hassle-free laundry day since as's local moving we changed the gas cylinder delivery address to this new house to change the delivery address you need to get an service exit document from the previous delivery agency and submit the document along with a copy and rental agreement for address proof you will be provided with new customer ID and you can book new gas cylinder with this new customer ID to pay the electricity bill through online get the EB card from your landlord and log to the electricity Board website with the customer ID given in the EB card then a confirmation mail will be sent to your registered mail ID click on that and fill the details and create your EB account for a hasslefree online payment we wanted to have the milk and water delivered at door step we got the local supplier contact details through talking to the people nearby initial 3 to 4 days will be very dusty wherever you step in even after two times of mobbing in a day didn't help to clear this in our case this is due to the min particles settled inside you to the drilling Works keeping the cleaning supplies and tools handy helps to tackle this problem and this took 3 to 4 days for us to feel a dust free floor if you have plans water them immediately after you move them to the new place and keep them in an undisturbed area for a couple of days to adapt the new place also the water plants are transported without water the Mover pack them in the bucket and when they receive that I put them in water immediately prioritize to set up the basic things first to start your life at new place starting from the kitchen a bedroom to rest and a bathroom to refresh setting the basic things first helps to start the routine without compromising anything placee back the valuables like jewells watches laptop documents and mobile chargers TV and AC REM mod safely have some old Cotton clothes handy there may be lots of cleaning work to be done which may require use and throw wiping clothes initial few days it may look like the home is Clumsy or untiy and unorganized it took couple of weeks for me to analyze and learn the space available to organize the home once you are done with the organizing start processing the documents to change the local address in AAR and water ID that's all about today's video thank you for watching till the end of this video if you like the content please give a thumbs up and subscribe to the channel for more videos see you on next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @keerthanap211 [1 likes]: Good video
  2. @brindakarthik: Moved to rental house or to own house?
  3. @kulkarni1621: Great tips... Where do u stay?
  4. @TanvisKitchenMagic: 👍8... very informative video....nice sharing....stay connected
  5. @linoasir5468: Thanks for sharing..😊
  6. @nilushini6216: Where u bought sofa,  pls give link
  7. @maureenraji9739: Seeing the kutty following you is so lovely 😍 ;
Hope all of you got settled in ur new place 🏡
  8. @abinaya8999: Thanks for the tips 😁

- Start life from scratch in late 30s | new country, change job (moving vlog): Kind: captions Language: en I want to try to get myself [Music] together I am still in this belief that I'm doing this in a couple of days my entire life is about to change not only I'm moving country but I am also changing career so the past couple of days has been full of mixed emotions sometime last year I read a book called the almanar of noval ravikant and um there was one thing he said in the book that really resonated with me and he said basically there are three main big decisions in life that if you make that earlier in your life the better and these are where you live who you're with and what you do and I feel like many people talk about the last two already so today I want to focus the conversation on the first one which is where you live as someone who's lived in three different countries already so I spent the first 18 years in Thailand then when I was 18 I moved to the US for a year as a foreign exchange student and then right after 10:30 I moved to the UK so this is from someone who's lived in different countries and I feel like from what I've seen so far in life that is very accurate because your environment can pretty much determine how you view the world how you go on about life and where you live your environment presents you with different opportunities and I don't really want to get into the specific of why I'm moving out of the UK because I love it here but at the same time I have felt very comfortable for a long time and I've talked to you before about distinguishing between the feeling of being content and complacent and I realized early on last year that I was just very comfortable so comfortable that I felt like that I was being complacent and this was actually one of the reasons one of the main reasons why I Kickstart My reinvention journey because I saw where I'm at for what it is which is the place that no longer serves me at this point in time in this season of My Life the environment is not enabling me to be the best version of myself or to accomplish the things that I want to do but it's not about moving country really but I think it's important to assess whether where you live is serving you serving what you want to do because sometimes more change like moving to a different city or changing your circle of friends can really change the trajectory of your life with that being said we decided that we are going to move out of the UK temporarily and we are moving to the US for the next 5 years but it's something that's been on the background for the past year or so I think we applied for the Visa the beginning of last year as I was waiting for the Visa approval there was thoughts that came in mind there were doubts of course there were uncertainty and the feeling that I have to let go the life that I have here in which all of these I want to talk in this video today but before we get to that I need to film a video so I'll see you very shortly as unpacking is actually makes me realize how much stuff we have and accumulated but how much of that do we actually need so I think distinguishing between the ones and the needs is so crucial and it is a skill in itself for sure and talking about skills I'd like to introduce you to the sponsor of the video today skillshare skillshare is the largest online learning community for creatives with thousands of classes led by industry expt exps across film illustration design freelance productivity and more if you want to start Reinventing yourself this summer invest in yourself by starting a Learning Journey on skillshare to acquire new skills or find new passions if you're not sure where to start skillshare has crafted learning paths to help you get from novice to Pro in no time these learning paths consist of hand selected classes arranged sequentially to enhance and reinforce your learning they cater to various experience levels from beginner to advance across multiple categories in a Busy World we're living in today it can be hard to know what you want out of life and how to get there and I found the learning part start a life you love with systematic goal setting really helpful in helping me set clear and achievable goals I truly believe that Knowledge and Skills are power so if you're ready for a reinvention joy skillshare today the first 500 people to use my link will get a one- Monon free trial of skillshare [Applause] this this thing here has been with me for 20 years and it's traveled three different countries and looking at this just makes me realize something about life something very important and that is that you never really know what is going to happen in the future when I first went to the US when I was 18 as a foreign exchange student after the program ended I actually tried to stay in the US to go to university because it was a natural move for all of us but my family didn't have money enough money to fund me to go to American University at the time so I didn't get to stay and then again in 2009 I tried to apply for a sponsorship job in the US and after months and months of trying I didn't get anything if you were to say to me back in 2009 that one day I will get a 5 years visa to the US and not only that I will have another career waiting for me there I would say that you are of your mind that is the thing about life you know like you just don't know what is going to happen in the future and looking back many people might think that I have failed but this is just a proof that maybe there are certain things that you tried and may have seen from other people's lens as failing maybe it could be that first of all it's not your time just yet or it could be that you are being redirected to something else better I really don't believe in failing in a yourself because if you put actions towards trying to achieve your goals then I don't think there's such thing as failing if you keep up the consistency and taking actions towards whatever you want you get there one day it is just a matter of time as the house started to get more empty I'm starting to have this feeling that everything is becoming very real and it starts to sink in and the feeling that I can't back out now this has got to happen it is happening and I am feeling this strong sense of fear rushing through my veins the fear of judgments from others the fear of what if this time is different what if I fail this time because not only that I'm moving country I am also changing career I will talk about more on that maybe in future videos it's a long story especially doing all this now as a 38 year old woman many people view this as irresponsible because people do expect us at this age in our late 30s to be settled by now but what is settled anyway if being settled mean finding that special someone who challenges me and I can challenge him or supporting each other throughout their goals if being settle means that you accumulate wealth together then sure I am all in with being settled but if settled means that you have to stay at the same place all the time although you feel like you want to explore somewhere else if settle mean that you go through life in autop pilot mode and not constantly asking yourself whether you're living to your full potential whether you're happy if that is the version of being settled I am not all for that and every time I feel this kind of fear rushing through I try to remind myself of the quote that stucks with me and something I really try to live by which is be afraid and do it anyway I try to live by it so much so that I got a tattoo on my back there was so many times that I felt fearful afraid unsure and were feelings of resistance there but I pushed through those fear and always came out on another side stronger so I am hoping that this time is going to be the same I am fighting on my fear so this is it this is our last day in this house I know there are exciting things waiting for me and I don't know why I'm crying it's just so many mixed emotions I want to try to get myself together now I think I'm ready for pretty much anything

  Top Comments:
  1. @HelloMintMind [1 likes]: Celebrating 305 subscribers today 🤍! I really feel the same when I'm moving out/starting a new chapter. I know that I am meant for more than consuming, so I quit the corporate world to work with meditation apps and start a mindfulness channel on Youtube! We are collectively moving towards more meaningful lives and I'm wishing everyone the best of luck 777🤍!
  2. @GlendaGeo: I'm very inspired and make relate on what's your perspective.. Same here🥹❤️
  3. @terezapavlu3975: I could relate to this so much
  4. @OnalennaConstantin: I’m so glad I came across your video! I needed this.
  5. @amnasmith3514: I'm so glad I found this video ❤
  6. @That_kaafir_you_hate: after over 10 years of being exploited as free labour by my fam, I've decided I'll pursue a secondary degree.
I have the capital 🤷‍♀️ and I like learning. So why not get a degree at the end of the rainbow.
  7. @simplyfatimaamiri: Nice video.... What are you using to film
  8. @Mariasminimallife: I came here
  9. @Mariasminimallife: here
here
  10. @LimHooChin-z2i2v: You have to lose your Asian mind for a while otherwise you will never b happy . I m a Malaysian who travelled widely  as a solo backpacker. I was a very depressed person till I change to a more Westernized mind set.. Money , chasing dreams , jobs are not that important. Rather it's family , taking things easy n chill..
  11. @LimHooChin-z2i2v: Now that trump is destroying lives , come back to SEA for a holiday.
  12. @roseoftheworld45: This will be me. It has to be me.
  13. @HowToRestartYourLife: I have been feeling like my life is too small and that I NEED TO CHANGE IT. Watching this video is super helpful. I currently love where I live but also feel like I need to shift how I look at it and take advantage of the things I have in the city BUT still really hope to switch up my living environment just like you. Congratulations on pushing yourself to change it up even though you loved where you lived.
  14. @lightofall: the ascension is happening for many
  15. @dimifisher: I m 45, I m fit and physically healthier than I ever was in my 20s, I worked my ass off building my portfolio and I prepare to make a new beginning findkng my dream job, as long as you have the discipline and the will, nothing can stop you
  16. @Sleuth-e2l: Just turned 36 this year, quit my healthcare admin dead end job at 35, signed up for grad school for a 3 year school psych program and hope to be able to work part time and frugal until i complete this program and set myself up for success into my 40s and beyond.
  17. @YujuRai-j6f: Oh this is the video, catering my actual need of this very moment. Thank you alott and wish you everything you desire for
  18. @RoastedSlayer: I wanna do this.
  19. @shessomoney2713: I'm starting over at 38. Thank you for making this!
  20. @emanhisham5062: I am currently waiting for my U.S. visa, and I appreciate your accurate description. Yes, I have had second thoughts and hesitated. I guess your video will keep me company during this period of my life. I hope you get everything you want and more.

- Career Change After Moving Abroad | Real English Story: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone and welcome back to Expat Echo, the podcast where we help you improve your English through real life conversations. >> Hello, Peter. It's great to see you again. Today's episode is about something many expats experience, rebuilding a career from scratch. >> That's right. Many people move to a new country and realize that their previous profession may not transfer easily. >> Exactly. Sometimes they have to learn new skills or even change their entire field. >> Changing careers can be scary, but it can also open new opportunities. >> So today we'll listen to a story about an expat who changed their career path. And after that, we'll explore some useful expressions about career transitions. Let's listen to a short conversation about someone who changed their career after moving to a new country. Try to focus on the main idea of the story. First listening. >> Hi Daniel, it's been a while. How have you been? >> Hi Maya, I'm doing well actually. I recently started a new job. >> Really? I thought you were working in accounting. >> I was back in my home country. I worked as an accountant for about 6 years. >> So, what changed? >> When I moved here, I realized that continuing in accounting would require additional certifications and exams. >> That must have been frustrating. >> It was at first, but during that time, I started learning graphic design online. Graphic design. That's a completely different field. >> Yes. But I discovered that I really enjoyed it. I spent several months practicing and building a small portfolio. >> Did that help you find a job? >> Yes. After some time, I applied for several junior designer positions. >> And did you get one? >> Yes, I did. Now I work at a small design studio as a junior designer. >> That's amazing. It sounds like you successfully reinvented your career. >> I think so. It wasn't easy, but it was definitely worth it. >> Let's look at some useful expressions from the story. >> Change careers. This means moving from one professional field to another. Career path. The direction your professional life takes over time. >> Start from scratch. This expression means beginning again from the very beginning. >> Portfolio, a collection of work that shows your skills and experience. >> Reinvent your career. This phrase means creating a completely new professional path. Now let's listen to the story again. >> This time pay attention to the expressions we just discussed. Second listening. >> Hi Maya. I'm doing well actually. I >> So what changed >> when I moved here? I realized that That must have been frustrating. >> Graphic design, that's a completely And did you get one? >> Changing careers in a new country can be challenging, but it can also lead to unexpected opportunities. >> And now friends, tell us what's your current profession. Thank you for listening to Expat Echo. >> See you in the next episode.

- Change of Address Checklist | Don't Forget This When You Move Home: Kind: captions Language: en a change of address checklist for breckland property owners as if selling your home packing your belongings and remembering to take the dog isn't stressful enough unfortunately you can't escape the paperwork palava that comes with moving notifying companies and authorities of your change of address can be monotonous but for some things it's mandatory not to mention the risk of being deleted from auntie marge's christmas card list if you forget to tell her you've moved to make your life easier we've compiled a handy a to z guide of who you need to notify a is for animal care and includes your pet's usual vet groomer and if you use one dog walker b is for banks building societies and broadband c is for council clubs and cable or satellite d is for doctor dentist dvla and dwp if you receive money from the government e is for your electricity supplier don't forget to read the meter and the electoral roll f is for your friends and family g is for your guest supplier and gym membership or cancel your membership if you're moving out of the area h is for hmrc we wish they didn't know where we lived either i is for insurance house car business life pet travel and health you need to insure your property from the completion date j is for job k is for the kids school l is for loyalty cards and loan companies m is for your friendly milkman and the microchip database for your pet n is for newsagent for your paper deliveries o is for optician and online shopping where would we be without internet shopping p is for premium bonds and your pension investment company q is for quick food to go imagine when you realize your takeaway has been delivered to your old address r is for royal mail redirect service you can opt for your mail to be redirected for 3 6 or 12 months s is for subscriptions share registrars and services if you have an accountant solicitor gardener window cleaner or house cleaner t is for your telephone provider mobile and landline and tv license u is for utilities and university v is for vehicle breakdown cover and vehicle logbook w is for water supplier x is for x marks the spot update your address for home on your car's sat nav y is for your buyer it's sensible to leave a forwarding address at your old property in case you've missed something and zed is for the zoo or anywhere else that you might have an annual membership for more tips and advice about how to prepare for a property move in breckland or if you can add to this list give us a call on one eight four two eight one eight six eight you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jefferaimer [1 likes]: Hi. Should I notify them before or after I move to the new house?
  2. @Zephex.: The fact that y’all need a “tv license” is dystopian.  Next thing you’ll need a “license” to walk outside (and have a limited distance you can go).  15 minute cities anyone? 😶
  3. @Fighter-m8b: Better stay where you are😅
  4. @terry751000: That’s amazing list 
Thanks

- Moving Stories - The Diviney Family: Kind: captions Language: en >> Finton: I'm Finton, this is Leanne, Hannah's the eldest she's 11, Sophie is 7 and Niamh is four, very nearly five. Yeah it was very exciting, like wow we're going to have a baby and you know, I guess neither of us knew what to expect so every step was something new and exciting and we started going to the classes but never got to finish them. Someone decided they were going to come a little bit early, a little bit premature. >> Leanne: She was diagnosed at three weeks. They do a scan on premmy babies, they do a head scan and it was picked up on the head scan that there was a problem but they told us she'd never walk, talk or be able to feed herself so everything [?] and she hasn't stopped talking since she was eighteen months old so they got it wrong. >> Finton: Yep >> Hannah: And I don't plan to stop so. That can be a tad frustrating because sometimes they can do things that no matter how hard I try I positively can't do so that's a little hard but I still have friends who stick by me and try to include me and stuff so that's good. >> Leanne: It does. It still upsets me because she can't do what other kids can do and I see her get upset by that and that breaks my heart that that upsets her so much and I'd love to be able to fix that for her but I can't and it's like Finton said when you see her in pain you can't do anything you do as much as you can but you can't take it away and I can't take her disability away and that's all there is to it so there are days when I get upset and frustrated because I see her so upset and I can't fix it. Very proud. She's come a long way. It's not been an easy road for anyone but she's done it pretty tough and I think Hannah's sort of developing a little bit more resilience now and is able to handle things a little bit better. It's a big thing for a child to realize they're diferent and realize that they can't do all the things that other kids can do and sometimes that can be hard to handle and as Hannah gets older she's getting much better at it and just tries to do the best that she can which is great because you know, you just want her to do the best that she can do and I say to her all the time, your legs aren't going to stop you doing anything, you might not win a hundred metre Olympic sprint but my legs are fine and I'm not going to do that either so it's not something to worry about, you just think about the things you can do and you try doing the best you can and it won't stop her she can do anything she wants in life, she can be anything she wants.

- Our Family's Moving Story: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Myranda and this is the story about how we move and found a house we sold our house this summer and move to an apartment in Tennessee and we've been living in it for about 10 months we're going to move this summer we found a house I love every single room of it it was big enough for us and our dog it's close to our school and I love our ski and has a bunch of rooms there is a dart from my closet it's tiny it's a tiny door and the tiny door has words on it and pictures and your eyes and one of them says your feet never stop moving and there are a picture of boots next to it that's one of my favorite one I pictured in my room for my sister to paint a mural on the wall of a water flow and a sunset over it I just can't wait to move into the new house but my parents say that we might not room that makes the new stem my mom teaches about speaking and making money and she's been working really hard to get us that house and she's gonna do something special for you

- At a Family Dinner, My Sister Announced She Was Moving in—Too Bad the House Wasn’t Mine Anymore: Kind: captions Language: en-US I grip my water glass tighter, knuckles whitening as Marissa's words hang in the air between us. So next week I'll be moving into your place, she says with a casual smile, as if announcing she's switching to almond milk or taking up jogging, just until I figure things out. The champagne pops open beside me, my father beaming as he pours the bubbling liquid into crystal flutes I've never seen before. My mother's china, the set she saves for Thanksgiving and Christmas gleams under the chandelier light. The table arrangement should have been my first clue, something was happening. Marissa seated at the head of the table. The formal settings. The champagne chilling. This isn't Sunday dinner. It's an ambush. I've already started packing, Marissa continues, accepting a flute from Dad with a gracious nod. It shouldn't take more than a day to get everything moved in. My parents exchange pleased glances across the table, nodding along as if this is the most reasonable plan in the world. As if my consent is merely a formality, already given. To new beginnings, my father says, raising his glass. Everyone lifts theirs in response. Everyone except me. The garage boxes make sense now. Three days ago I'd found them stacked against the wall, oversized plastic tubs labeled, Marissa's Winter Clothes and Marissa's Books. When I texted her about them, she'd brushed it off. Just temporary storage, she said, just until she found more space in her apartment. I should have known. Just like I should have known what it meant when I confronted my parents about paying Marissa's rent for the third time this year. She's going through a rough patch, Mom had said, waving away my concerns. That's what family does, we help each other. I hear my mother's voice from last week, the phone call I wasn't supposed to overhear while waiting in her kitchen. Eden is so lonely in that big house, she'd told Aunt Sarah. She needs her sister's company. It's perfect timing, really. Perfect timing. As if my life exists solely to accommodate Marissa's latest crisis. I set my water glass down carefully, reaching for my purse on the floor beside me. The trembling in my hands has nothing to do with nervousness and everything to do with fury. Why do you look so serious? Marissa laughs, her eyes darting briefly to our parents. This is good news for both of us. You get company, and I get to save on rent for a while. My fingers close around the manila envelope I'd brought the one I'd almost left in the car, thinking tonight wasn't the right time. But there is no right time with my family. There is only their time, their plans, their expectations. The tremor in my hands steadies as I place the envelope on the table. Actually, I say, my voice calmer than I feel. I have news, too. My parents' expressions shift instantly. My mother's smile falters, eyes narrowing slightly. My father lowers his champagne glass, forehead creasing with concern. The change is subtle but unmistakable, the united front forming against the daughter who isn't following the script. What kind of news? My mother's tone carries a warning. Don't ruin this. Don't be difficult. I feel the weight of the familiar labels hovering in the air. Selfish. Difficult. Uncaring. The stakes of defiance are clear. Disagree and become the family villain. Again. Looking at their expectant faces, I realize this pattern has defined my entire life. Marissa takes. I give. My parents enforce the transaction. The roles never change. The lines never shift. Until now. I place the manila envelope in the center of the table, my fingers lingering on the edge. The room falls silent, my family's anticipation hanging heavy in the air. What's that? My mother's voice carries a hint of irritation, as if my interruption is derailing an already settled plan. This, I say, carefully withdrawing the papers inside, is the sale agreement for my house. I sold it last week. I have thirty days left before I move. The silence that follows is absolute. Marissa's champagne glass slips from her fingers, shattering against the hardwood floor. No one moves to clean it up. My father's mouth opens and closes like a fish suddenly finding itself on dry land. You what? Marissa finally whispers. I flip through my phone, pulling up the Pinterest board I discovered this morning. Interesting timing, isn't it? While you were planning to move in, Mom and Aunt Sarah were already designing your future bedroom in my house. I turn the screen toward them, displaying their meticulous board labeled, Marissa's New Room. My throat tightens as I watch recognition flash across their faces. Nine years of saving every possible penny, working overtime, sacrificing vacations and new clothes all to afford that house, my dream home. And to them, it was just another resource to be redirected to Marissa. My father stands abruptly, towering over me. You can just cancel the sale, he says, waving his hand dismissively. These things have cooling off periods. My mother rises too, resting her hand on his arm. Eden, we already promised Marissa she could stay as long as she needed. You can't possibly expect her to find a place in 30 days. Actually, Aunt Sarah pipes up from the end of the table. We were going to move most of her things next Tuesday while you were at work, just to make it easier for everyone. The coordinated betrayal steals my breath. I glance at Dorothy, my mother's oldest friend, sitting uncomfortably beside Aunt Sarah. She stares fixedly at her plate, avoiding eye contact with everyone. You can't do this, my father says, his voice hardening. What about your property taxes coming due? You know I always help with those. The implied threat isn't subtle. His one annual contribution to my finances dangled now as leverage. Eden, my mother says softly, her voice taking on the concerned tone she uses when discussing unstable people. I'm worried about you. This kind of impulsive decision-making isn't like you. Are you feeling alright? Have you been taking care of yourself? I recognize the strategy immediately. If not compliant, then possibly unwell. It's a familiar path in our family dynamic, one that's kept me in line for years. You did this on purpose, Marissa accuses, tears streaming down her face. You found out I needed a place to stay and sold your house just to spite me. The accusation lands like a physical blow. This is how it always goes. My boundaries recast as cruelty, my self-preservation painted as selfishness. For a moment, I consider explaining the truth. The catastrophic roof replacement that drained my savings. The water line break. The heating system failure. The mounting financial pressure that made selling not just advisable but necessary. But what would be the point? They've already cast me as the villain in this family drama. Why give them more ammunition? I made this decision for my own reasons, I say instead, keeping my voice steady. And it's final. So you're just going to leave your sister homeless? My mother's voice rises. After everything we've done for you? The familiar weight of guilt settles on my shoulders. Everything they've done for me. The invisible ledger of family obligation that only ever seems to accumulate in one direction. Marissa isn't homeless? I point out, she has an apartment, and if that doesn't work, she has your spare bedroom. That's not the point, my father interjects. Family helps family. Period. Anyone. The unspoken remainder of that sentence hangs in the air, and you're not being family. I think, I say carefully, gathering the salepapers back into the envelope, that we have different definitions of help. Under the table, I feel a gentle squeeze on my hand. Dorothy, still avoiding eye contact with everyone else, whispers so quietly I almost miss it. Good for you. It's a small validation, but in this moment, it feels monumental. One person in this room doesn't see me as selfish or cruel for protecting myself. As I sit there with my family's accusations hanging in the air, I wonder whether I should explain the financial struggles that forced me to sell my beloved home, or simply hold firm without justifying my decision. Would sharing my vulnerability help them understand, or just give them new ammunition to use against me? The first call comes Tuesday morning while I'm fixing my coffee. Aunt Sarah's name flashes on my phone screen, unusual for a weekday before nine. Eden, honey, I just talked to your mother. Her voice carries that particular tone, the one reserved for funerals and family scandals. Is it true you sold your house just to keep Marissa from staying with you? My coffee sloshes over the rim of my mug, scalding my fingers. What? Marissa called me in tears last night, said you sold your beautiful home out of spite, knowing she needed a place to stay. The burning on my hand fades as a different heat rises in my chest. That's not what happened. Your sister will be homeless, Eden. I never thought you could be so cruel. The calls continue all day. Uncle Robert, Cousin Jennifer, even my father's golf buddy Chuck, whose connection to this situation escapes me entirely. Each conversation follows the same script. Marissa's desperate situation, my apparent heartlessness, their profound disappointment in me. While preparing dinner, I make the mistake of checking Facebook. Marissa's latest post appears at the top of my feed. The hardest lesson in life is learning who truly has your back when times get tough. Family should be forever, not just when it's convenient. 27 sympathetic comments follow, including one from Mom. We're here for you, sweetheart. Always. The knife in my hand chops carrots with increasing force. The final blow comes Thursday, when my colleague Lisa stops by my desk, her expression pinched with concern. I ran into your sister at Starbucks this morning, she says, lowering her voice. She told me about the house situation. If you need help finding her temporary housing, my church has a program. The carrot pieces on my cutting board splinter under the blade. What exactly did Marissa tell you? Lisa shifts uncomfortably. Just that she's facing homelessness because of some sudden decision you made. She seemed really upset. My jaw tightens so hard it aches. Thanks for your concern, Lisa. But Marissa isn't homeless. She has an apartment and parents with a four bedroom house. After Lisa leaves, I lock myself in the bathroom stall, hands trembling as I text my sister. Stop telling people I'm making you homeless. It's a lie and you know it. Her response arrives instantly. You're selling the house I was counting on. What would you call it? The roof replacement came first $11,000 I hadn't budgeted for when the March storms revealed leaks in three different rooms. I emptied my vacation fund and took a small loan, telling myself it was a one-time emergency. Then the waterline broke in April 8,000, $200 for emergency repairs and landscape restoration. I canceled plans to visit my college roommate in Arizona, picked up weekend marketing work for a local realtor, and ate ramen for dinner more nights than I care to admit. The heating system failure in June was the final blow $5,000 I simply didn't have. Each night after work, I'd sit at my kitchen table, surrounded by spreadsheets and bank statements, calculating and recalculating figures that refused to balance. The crying started around then. Silent tears that came only after midnight, when I was certain no neighbors walking dogs might glance through my windows and see the truth that the woman they waved to each morning, the one who always appeared composed and capable, was falling apart behind closed doors. My reflection in the bathroom mirror each morning reveals the cost dark hollows beneath my eyes that concealer can't quite hide, collarbones more pronounced against my blouses. When my pants began slipping at the waist, I punched new holes in my belt, rather than buy smaller sizes. Temporary situation, temporary solution. While maintaining this facade, I pack my home each evening. Nine years of memories sorted into keep, donate, and trash. Books that once lined entire walls now fill boxes stacked in corners. The wedding photos of friends, the graduation pictures of cousins, the vacation snapshots all bubble wrapped and nestled in containers labeled with blue marker. Through it all, I document everything. Bank statements in chronological order, house repair invoices filed by date and category, text messages screenshot and saved, a fortress of paper proof against the siege of family fiction. While packing my office bookshelf, I find it a framed photo I'd almost forgotten. Me, standing on the front porch of this house the day I signed the mortgage papers, keys clutched in my hand, smile threatening to split my face. The realtor had taken it as a surprise, catching the exact moment I realized I'd actually done it, purchased a home entirely on my own. I trace the frame's edge, remembering that feeling. Pride without a hint of apology. Accomplishment without anyone else's approval attached. I place it carefully atop the nearest keep box, this tangible reminder of what I built and what no one can diminish. The doorbell rings Saturday afternoon while I'm wrapping dishes and newspaper. Through the front window, I spot my parents' Buick in the driveway, Marissa's red compact behind it. No warning text, no courtesy call. I consider not answering, but the knocking grows more insistent. When I open the door, they file in like funeral directors, solemn, judgmental, prepared to manage a difficult situation. Mom spots the boxes immediately. You're really going through with this madness. I fold the newspaper around another plate, securing it with tape. The closing is in three weeks. Your sister needs you. Mom's voice rises slightly. You've always been selfish, but this is beyond understanding. The plate in my hands remains steady, though something shifts inside me. I've spent my entire life being told what Marissa needs. The words emerge calmer than I feel. Did anyone ever ask what I need? Dad clears his throat. Eden, be reasonable. I need financial stability. I need to sleep at night without panic attacks about bills. I need to not drain my retirement fund for house repairs I can't afford. I continue wrapping dishes methodically. Unlike past confrontations, I don't stop what I'm doing to give them my full attention. I don't offer beverages or comfortable seats. I continue my work while they stand awkwardly in my half-packed kitchen. We're your family, Mom says, voice wavering between anger and disbelief. Yes, you are. And I've never once asked you for money. Not for college, not for my first apartment, not for this house, and not for the repairs that drained my savings. For once, they have no immediate response. Marissa stares at the floor, unable to meet my eyes. Dad examines the ceiling as if architectural features have suddenly become fascinating. I realize with startling clarity that I no longer need their approval or understanding. The constant ache for validation I've carried since childhood has quieted, replaced by something sturdier. When I stand to reach for another stack of plates, I notice my posture has changed. Shoulders back, spine straight, eyes level with theirs instead of downcast as usual. The physical manifestation of an internal shift. Dorothy arrives that evening with Thai food and two bottles of wine. She helps me pack photo albums while sharing stories of her own sister, the one who didn't speak to her for three years after Dorothy refused to co-sign alone. Family patterns are the hardest to break, she says, carefully wrapping a crystal vase my grandmother left me. But sometimes breaking them is the only way forward. Monday brings an unexpected text from my colleague Thomas. Need help moving? Got a truck and strong back. Family often sees us least clearly. Just say when. That afternoon, Barbara, my financial advisor, emails confirmation of my townhouse application approval. Based on your financials, this move reduces your housing costs by 42%. The right decision for your long-term security. Call if you need anything else. The contrast strikes me as I review these messages over dinner. These people ask what I need rather than telling me what to give. They offer specific help instead of vague demands. That night, I spread my financial documents across the dining room table, bank statements, repair invoices, property tax assessments, retirement account withdrawals, everything meticulously organized, the complete picture of my financial reality. Tomorrow's family meeting won't be an intervention for me, but a reckoning with facts they've chosen to ignore. My one advantage remains unspoken. The sales agreement includes a 30-day rent-back clause. For a month after closing, I can stay in the house while finalizing my townhouse purchase. Breathing room they don't know I have. At exactly 7 o'clock Tuesday evening, the doorbell rings. When I open it, I find not just my parents and Marissa on the porch, but Aunt Sarah, Uncle Robert, and my cousin Jennifer standing behind them, a family firing squad assembled for execution. I stand at the head of my dining room table, a position that feels foreign yet right. The manila folder in my hands holds every financial statement, every bill, every painful reminder of why I had to sell my home. My fingers no longer tremble as I open it. Before anyone says another word, I need you all to see something. My voice carries a steadiness I don't entirely recognize. The family gathering looks larger than I anticipated my parents Marissa, Uncle William, Aunt Sarah, and my support team, Dorothy, Barbara, and Thomas. I lay out the documents methodically, arranging them in chronological order. Bank statements, emergency fund withdrawals, contractor invoices. Each paper tells part of the story I've kept hidden. This is the roof replacement from last spring. I slide the $11,200 invoice toward the center where everyone can see it. The 30-year shingles only lasted 22. Insurance covered nothing. Uncle William adjusts his glasses, leaning forward with a frown that cuts deep lines across his forehead. Water line repair, $8,200. Another paper joins the first. When the city updated the main line, it revealed my connection was deteriorating. No warning, no payment plan offered. NES. My mother shifts in her seat but remains uncharacteristically silent. Heating system replacement, $5,000. The third major bill completes my trinity of home ownership nightmares. The energy efficiency rebate covered barely a quarter of the cost. I maintain direct eye contact as I speak, something I rarely managed in family confrontations before. Barbara nods almost imperceptibly from her seat near the window, encouraging me to continue. My emergency fund is gone. I place my bank statement on top, the balance painfully clear. My financial advisor recommended selling while the market is still hot rather than risking a forced sale later when I might be underwater. Marissa's chair scrapes against the hardwood as she stands abruptly. This is creative accounting, Eden. You've always been good with numbers when it suits you. Her voice carries the familiar accusatory edge. You're just trying to avoid your family responsibilities. F. Uncle William, whose judgment I've feared since childhood, surprises me by turning toward my sister. Marissa, what's your current employment situation? Last I heard, you were between jobs. The unexpected redirection leaves Marissa fumbling. I'm... exploring opportunities. The job market is complicated right now. My mother jumps in. William, this isn't about employment. Family duty exists regardless of finances. Eden has always had that beautiful house with all that extra space. Speaking of space, Aunt Sarah interjects, her reading glasses perched on her nose as she examines my heating bill. Why can't Marissa stay with you and Roger? You have that guest room you just redecorated. The conversation shifts like a current, pulling away from me and swirling around the room as family members begin questioning the arrangement I've endured my entire adult life. Dorothy clears her throat. I've known this family for 20 years. Eden bought her house without any family financial support. Meanwhile, I've watched Marissa receive help with rent, car payments, and credit card bills repeatedly. Her voice carries the weight of long observation. The pattern has been clear to everyone except those closest to it. Barbara straightens her blazer before speaking. As Eden's financial advisor, I can tell you that enabling financial dependency ultimately harms both parties. The one giving depletes their resources, while the receiver never develops crucial life skills. Thomas, sitting quietly until now, leans forward. My brother lived with my parents until he was 42. They paid his bills, made his appointments, solved his problems. When they passed, he had no idea how to function. He lost their house within a year because he never learned to manage money. He glances at my parents. Sometimes the most loving thing is to stop rescuing someone. The room falls unusually quiet as these outside perspectives penetrate the family mythology we've operated under for decades. Uncle William breaks the silence. Eden, why didn't you share these financial struggles sooner? I hesitate, the question catching me off guard. Should I maintain the privacy and independence that had served as my armor for years, or would opening up to select family members create the support system I never thought possible? Before I can answer, my father shifts in his chair, eyes fixed on the hardwood floor. It's the first time I can remember him sitting through a family discussion without dominating it. My mother's rigid posture gradually softens, her hands now resting open on the table instead of clenched in her lap. Marissa stands suddenly, grabbing her purse. This is ridiculous. You're all acting like I'm some kind of parasite. Eden has always been the golden child with her perfect house and perfect job while everyone ignores how hard things have been for me. When no one jumps to her defense, she storms toward the door. The slam echoes through the house as she leaves. Uncle William waits for the reverberations to fade before speaking again. I think it's time we had a family financial planning session, for everyone. He looks pointedly toward my parents, including Marissa. My mother's eyes glisten with unshed tears, but for once, they're not being weaponized against My father reaches for her hand across the table, his face unreadable but his silence speaking volumes. For the first time in a family confrontation, I'm not the one left feeling like I've done something wrong. I arrange the last of my kitchen glasses into a box, wrapping each one in newspaper with methodical precision. My final week into my 30-day countdown, and the house already feels hollow, memories peeling away with each item packed. The doorbell rings. I check my watch right on time. My parents are nothing if not punctual when they have an agenda. I open the door to find not just my parents but Marissa too, standing on my porch like a united front. My mother clutches her purse with white knuckles. My father's smile appears rehearsed. Eat in, honey, my mother says, stepping inside without waiting for an invitation. We've been talking, and we think we've found the perfect solution. A compromise, my father adds, his voice carrying that false cheerfulness he reserves for difficult conversations. Marissa follows them in, her eyes darting around my half-packed living room before settling on me with a practiced look of gratitude. I really appreciate you hearing us out. They arrange themselves on my couch the only piece of furniture not yet wrapped in moving blankets while I remain standing. The power dynamic isn't lost on me. We know selling the house is your decision. My mother begins, punctuating her words with a nervous laugh. But instead of Marissa moving in with you, what if you helped her get her own place? My father nods enthusiastically, while carefully avoiding any mention of actual numbers, just alone to get her started. With your success, it would hardly affect you. Unlike me, Marissa interjects, her voice soft and rehearsed. Some people just have bad luck, you know? The implication hangs heavy in the air between us. You're successful. She's struggling. You owe her this. My mother leans forward, her voice dropping to a conspiratorial whisper. Eden, the family has always stuck together. If you can't help your sister just this once, she trails off, the threat clear. Cut Marissa off, and I cut myself off from the family. I walk to the dining room table where I've laid out several documents. They watch me, confusion replacing their certainty. I'm meeting with my lender tomorrow. I say, picking up a pre-approval letter, for a townhouse downtown, the monthly payment will be nearly 40% less than my current mortgage. I hand the letter to my father, whose eyes widen at the numbers. Selling this house isn't just about Marissa. It's about rebuilding my emergency savings after three major home repairs drained them. It's about reducing my financial stress. I take a deep breath. It's about finally prioritizing my financial health. My mother starts to speak, but I hold up my hand. I can't support Marissa financially, I continue, but I can help her support herself. I pull a business card from my pocket and hold it out to Marissa. She stares at it without taking it. Our marketing department has an entry-level position opening next week. The starting salary would cover rent on a one-bedroom apartment. I spoke to HR yesterday, and they'd be willing to interview you. Marissa's mouth opens, then closes. For once, she seems genuinely speechless. This isn't charity, I add. It's an opportunity. Whether you take it is your choice. My father stands abruptly, moving toward the window where bare hooks show where family photos once hung. Marissa needs... No, I interrupt, walking to the coffee table where I've placed a manila folder. This is what being reasonable looks like. I am C of no. I open the folder and pull out a spreadsheet, placing it on the table between us. The itemized list contains every financial gift my parents have given Marissa over the past five years. Car payments. Rent supplements. Credit card bailouts. The total at the bottom, circled in bright red, makes my mother gasp. I compiled this from the conversations you've had in front of me. I suspect the actual total is higher. My father picks up the paper, his forehead creasing as he studies the numbers. This isn't love, I say quietly. It's dependence, and it's hurting both of you. My father opens his mouth to object, then falls silent, his eyes fixed on the spreadsheet. We just wanted to help her, my mother whispers, tears welling in her eyes. The best help is teaching someone to stand on their own, I reply, my voice steady despite the hammering in my chest. You taught me that once, remember? When I wanted to quit college because it was too hard? The memory hangs between us, my father refusing to let me move back home, when calculus overwhelmed me, insisting I find a tutor instead. We're doing you no favors by making life too easy, he'd said then. Strange how principles change when applied to different daughters. The silence stretches, broken only by the sound of packing tape from the box I'd abandoned when they arrived. Finally, my father puts his arm around my mother's shoulders. We should go, he says quietly. They walk to the door, my mother not quite meeting my eyes. Marissa hesitates, looking back at the business card still in my hand. I don't need your charity job, she says, but there's less conviction in her voice than usual. I place the card on the entryway table. It's not charity, it's opportunity. She turns away, but as she follows my parents out, I catch her slip the card into her purse when she thinks I'm not looking. The door closes behind them. I stand in my half-empty living room, listening to their car start and pull away. The silence feels different now, not hollow, but open, expansive. I sink onto the couch, running my hand over the familiar fabric. Tomorrow it goes into storage until I move into the townhouse. Nine years of memories in this house, and now an uncertain future lies ahead. I feel both liberated and isolated, triumphant and alone. The family dinner next month looms in my mind, will they even still want me there? Has this confrontation permanently altered our relationships? The answering machine light blinks with three new messages, probably more relatives calling to weigh in. I ignore it, focusing instead on the business card Marissa took. One small step, perhaps the first of many. I stand in the center of my downtown loft, savoring the space around me. Sunlight streams through the windows, warming the hardwood floors beneath my bare feet. Three months ago, this place felt foreign, a compromise rather than a choice. Now it feels like the home I never knew I needed. Another box checked off the budget, I tell myself, updating my financial tracking app. My mortgage payment appears in green, a full 30% less than what I paid for the craftsman. Barbara's weekly check-ins have transformed what was once my greatest source of anxiety into a structured ritual I actually look forward to. The kitchen island holds my newest purchase, a professional-grade camera that would have remained a distant wish in my old financial reality. My first photography class starts tomorrow evening, the course catalog still open on my tablet. I run my fingers over the camera's textured grip, permission to create rather than just survive. My phone buzzes with a reminder, Sunday dinner at my parents. I feel the familiar tightening in my shoulders, then consciously release it. These dinners have changed, just as I have. Later, I step through my parents' front door, carrying a bottle of wine rather than my usual tension headache. Dad greets me with a hug that feels genuine instead of perfunctory. Eden, come see what your sister brought. He says, his voice carrying none of the comparative undertones that once filled our interactions. In the dining room, Marissa arranges flowers in a simple vase. She looks up, her smile reaching her eyes. They gave me my first business cards today, she says, pulling one from her pocket. Assistant marketing coordinator, sounds fancy for someone who mostly makes coffee runs, but I'm learning so much. She hands me the card proudly, without the defensive edge that once colored her accomplishments. My mother appears in the doorway, carrying a casserole that isn't placed strategically closer to Marissa's place setting. Tell us more about the social media campaign you mentioned last week. Mom says, looking directly at Marissa. Then she turns to me, and Eden, how was your photography class? I blink, still adjusting to the novelty of balanced attention. As we eat, I notice my father asking thoughtful questions of both daughters, not just fawning over Marissa's every word. One week later, laughter fills my loft as Dorothy raises her glass. To homes that shelter us and boundaries that protect us, she toasts. Around my coffee table sit Thomas, Barbara, Uncle William, and me, my chosen family, alongside the blood relative who surprised me most. Dorothy presents me with a frame containing two photos, me signing my original mortgage papers nine years ago, and me holding the keys to this townhouse. Two brave beginnings, she says softly. Two very different women, I add, recognizing how much I've changed. The following weekend finds Marissa and me at my kitchen table, surrounded by spreadsheets and calculator apps. So if I put away 15% of each paycheck, I could have first and last month's rent by January, she says, chewing her lip as she runs the numbers again. Our parents sit on my sofa, watching this scene with a mix of pride and regret. We should have done this years ago, mom admits quietly. We thought we were helping, but we were hurting both of you in different ways. Dad nods, his eyes revealing the difficult journey of unlearning decades of enabling behavior. As I watch Marissa calculate her budget with determination I'd never seen before, I wonder about the fine line between helping and enabling those we love. Is it ever possible to find the perfect balance between supporting family and maintaining healthy boundaries? Or must we sometimes allow others to struggle so they can truly grow?

  Top Comments:
  1. @RevengeGlow [48 likes]: Where are you from? Drop a comment! 🌍
If you loved the story, hit like, comment, and subscribe—your support means the world! ❤
  2. @tisbutascratch9276: Answering machine?
  3. @kathyschinkel5219: So the parents have decided that one sister will move into the others sisters house like it was a hotel and not help with anything, no rent nothing.  How stupid some of these stories are LOL
  4. @kareypope2325: To late I'm making it difficult 😂😂😂
  5. @RickH-v2g: Send them a bill for all the money you "loaed" them and never got back. Take them to court to get it back!
  6. @jeffomspaugh6691: Doesn't want a Charity Job. Just want free money.
  7. @jeffomspaugh6691: I know this is fantasy but I wouldn't show anyone anything. I don't need to explain anything.
  8. @jeffomspaugh6691: Couldn't the sister stay with one of those family members?
  9. @TeresaHancock-e3z: Are these real
  10. @emilymccorkle1376: knowing what these people are, WHY have anything to do with them??
  11. @eleanorhenderson4494: There is too much family involvement as an adult. Sounds like you gave them permission to tell you what to do. Grow a spine
  12. @ElaineMcmaster: He parents can help her out not so??😢
  13. @ElaineMcmaster: 😂🤗🤣😂😅
  14. @SudiptoDas-v5r: It's really crazy, how people think. Great story 👌♥
  15. @phyllisspencer5145: These people needs to wake up and see that they are using one daughter to fund another. They are cruel.
  16. @gailvaughn330: Why in bloody Hell did she take calls from nosey relatives?
  17. @gailvaughn330: Doesn't anyone know how to say NO?
  18. @BongSoftRevengeStories: Great content, appreciate it!
  19. @TomTaylor-n7y: My sister needs me, Mom? Well, I don’t need her. I don’t care what she needs or thinks
  20. @KarmaFailed: Your past is no different from mine. But you are strong. I am not.

- Moving Away From Family | Ep. 408: Kind: captions Language: en Howdy folks. Welcome back to the podcast. Today Katie and I are going to be answering a question from one of you, a listener's question in regards to why did we choose to move away from our family? What are some things we learned in doing so? Do we have any regrets? What would we encourage, you know, ourselves going back retrospectively to do if we were in that situation again? Uh, and so we're going to be talking about that today. Before we jump into today's episode, we did want to let you know that over at VMA, we are running a back tochool promo. And this is actually the biggest coupon we've offered since changing our prices a couple months back. And that is you get 20% off your first month if you sign up with uh the code or with the coupon code back to school 2025. So back to school 2025, that's the coupon code. and you get 20% off your first month for that's for fiddle, guitar, piano, mandolin, ukulele, you name it. You're able to get access to live calls, weekly lessons, PDFs. You can do our student success path which allows you to earn badges uh for different hitting different ranks for also just accomplishing different musical I guess um tasks. Uh meaning like if you perform for somebody, you get a badge for that shipped to your door. not like a digital badge, like a gamified app. It's like actually shipped to you. Yeah. And and there's live calls happening um every month which are just a blast for each instrument. So, it's instrument specific. Um right now we're just wrapping up the six songs of summer challenge and we've had over 200 students complete every single week of the six songs of summer challenge, which is incredible. We're going to be doing a competition uh in the month of October, which we're really excited about. I could go on and on and on. The reason I brought this up is because there is a limited amount of spots available for this coupon. We're just only offering this 20% discount to the first 200 signups. And so that's going to be available through school starting until we hit that those 200 students. And so check the link below. Get going with music lessons. Get a head start too on the school year with getting plugged into music lessons. [Music] the Now that we're a family podcast. Okay, so this has been a question that we've gotten asked a lot for years, five years, cuz it's been 5 years, right, since we moved away from our families, right? And I think initially people were wondering, you know, what's the tea? Why are you guys not living where your family's living? Um, and then I think we started getting asked that question more just because other people were considering moving away from their families and in looking at scripture and looking at multigenerational families, which is obviously been a big thing in culture in times past, but is also kind of a buzzword today in 2025 among Christian circles. Um, what's God calling us to do in terms of honoring our parents and plant, you know, raising our children? Should we stick around home? Should we leave? What's best? And um I'm not here to tell you what God's God's I don't know final say is on the matter, but yeah, I feel like there's just been a lot of questions around this topic. Yeah. The most recent one that that kind of prompted this conversation yet again was from a listener um in my home state, Washington State, and her and her husband are considering moving to Kentucky. They just visited uh but they're second guessing it. It's a long ways away. all their family and community. They've got a tight-knit community there in Washington state and they want to move for a very I think like you know for similar reasons to what many people want to move for and that's they want to go to a more conservative state. They're able to purchase more with you know their money goes further when it comes to buying homes, buying a property. Um and so just it's easier for them on one hand to picture a future in Kentucky and yet they're reluctant. Um, I'm totally paraphrasing here, but this is just kind of the question that someone's like, "Was this my question?" Yeah. No, sorry. Um, this is what I This is me reading between the lines. Yeah. Uh, whenever there's a long question, I always find a way to make it longer. He's like, "I'm not going to write it for one." I'm going to sum this up really quick and then No, I think we're getting the picture. I think a lot of people can probably relate. Yeah. We've gotten past questions around this subject around do we have plans to go back to our home states of Washington or Oregon now that we have a more uh postmillennial esquetology. You know, we're a lot more optimistic about um I think the Lord's work being done here here on earth uh than we were when we moved, you know, back when we moved to a conservative state. And so uh yeah, we've been asked we've been asked about this topic a handful of times. Yeah. When we moved, we had more of a survival like the ocean is creeping up around the island. We're all going to drown. So, let's get on the top of the island, you know, get to the highest point and stay there for as long as possible. And then our esquetologyy's definitely changed to, you know, feeling more like God's in control and king and going to dominate in a practical way, not just a spiritual way. I was saying that in a cheeky way. Oh, nice. But you're right. Um so anyways all that said what's funny is even with the esquetolog esqueological background um it just because Christianity you know you believe in Christianity moving forward and more people being saved and that making the earth overall better that doesn't necessarily mean America or mean Washington state or stop instant in mean like we didn't wish California would fall off into the ocean you know there there's still those hopes. Honestly, you can't like be too hard on California cuz Washington and Oregon, I feel like the whole co that they're all the same. It's like Washington, Oregon, and California. It's just one straight line and that's where we grew up and were I mean, yeah, the fault line I was scared of like, you know, that they were going to say it was going to be the fault line and it was all going to fall into the ocean. I was scared of that all growing up. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so so what does that have to do with this conversation? Yeah. Well, I'm just thinking in regards primarily to this family, like what are some tips we could give? Uh what are some things that we that we learned? And yeah, again, this is just this is just our opinion, okay guys? But I do think that even as I was reflecting back, uh I think things that did matter to us, we moved to Idaho because of family. Meaning all of our everybody that was fleeing California, Washington, Oregon, the majority of the people that we knew were going to Tennessee, Florida, Texas, um even some to Arizona and and and some were going to Idaho as well. The Dakotas. Yeah. I mean, just anywhere that was more of a red state. Yeah. And we chose North Idaho not just because we did it was a red state. We did enjoy the climate, but also it was closest proximity-wise to family. And so we did choose our particular spot in a red state because of family. We're a 6-hour drive from my family and we're a 6-hour drive from Katie's family. Uh and so they they feel extremely accessible. you know, we we still feel very connected to our families, whereas I think that if we were in Tennessee or really anywhere that was a plane, you know, a flight away, I think it would be feel a little more isolating. Um, so that's the first thing. We we are in a different position than even this listener that's considering going from Washington State to Kentucky. It's just a much bigger move. Um, go ahead. Oh, no. I I'm agreeing with you. I think that's one of the biggest things to consider is are you going to be able to afford a lot of plane flights or do you have in-laws or parents or um relatives that are going to be able to fly out and see you because that's really going to determine how well the kids know their grandparents and how well um they know their cousins and everything like that. And so um that can depend. I don't think there's a right or a wrong answer to that. You know, I think we see in scripture God continually calling people out and to something like we see Abram leaving his father and going to the land, you know, God prepared for him. We see um Isaac doing the same thing. We see Jacob doing the same thing. We So, I think sometimes when um people focus, hyperfocus maybe on this multigenerational concept and thinking we just need to all stay together. Uh God's had different things for different families and I think we see that reflected um throughout scripture consistently. And so I definitely think he calls people out in a way and to other things. And but that said, we did really really value in a very practical physical way how often our kids would get face to face time with relatives. Yes. And so that's why we ended up here. And I mean, Elisha and I fight over is it 6 hours or is it seven hours to our parents' houses. He's probably more correct, but I feel like it takes longer with all the stops and stops. Well, we are a little further away now, too. It is a day trip. So, um yeah, you're right. And and also going back to kind of 5 years ago when we made the move, because it's actually almost 5 years to date, which is wild. Uh actually, yeah, like exactly in July. Yeah. Yeah, you're right. It was like uh July 14th or something or I don't actually know the actual date. Um I was just trying to think of when we closed on the house, moved over. Um at the at the time that we moved, everyone on both sides of our family were very unsettled. They were all considering relocating as well. And so we didn't think actually that we would be the only ones from our family ending up in North Idaho. Uh many people were had very positive sentiment towards North Idaho. They were looking at properties. They were, you know, visiting and and just checking it all out with the hopes of moving here themselves. It's actually funny now that you mentioned that because I totally forgot that. And my parents actually bought a house in Cordelane that they renovated and then decided to sell. My one of my sister and brother-in-law lived here for 9 months renting, testing it out. and another one of my sisters lived here for similar maybe 6 months a year. I want to say it was like a year and a half or two. Okay. It was I don't think it was two but it was quite a long time and so basically we just haven't been able to convert anybody but yeah people have been very open to moving here and even more so when we first moved here and so we really did think that we were going to end up with some relatives here. Yeah. And that that's actually similar to this listener. It sounds like a lot of people from their community and and maybe even their family are talking about relocating. They they feel that frustration of um of the liberal state and and they want to raise their family elsewhere. So there's all that chatter. So I I would say you can't count on people going with you, you know, cuz cuz that it's just a huge deal moving. And um we were fortunate enough to be working almost entirely online at the time. Not completely. there was some income we were giving up for that was geographically, you know, specific. Um, but we did have an online income at the time that kind of got us going, which was really nice. Um, but yeah, so that going back, that's kind of where we were at when we made the move. Like we wanted to be close to family. We thought some family was going to be coming uh, you know, shortly, you know, behind us. Some family did kind of come temporarily and then here we are 5 years later. the only one from either of our families raising our family in North Idaho. And we feel more settled and at home than we've ever felt anywhere. And so we do feel very much like roots are planted. We want them to go deep. We would love our children to, you know, be this be the home they return to, you know, once they are grown and adults. And of course, we would love it if they chose to live here long term as well. Um, but this is our home now. Yeah. And I think that that's something that each parent really has to consider for their family as much as we're considering our parents and wanting to be close to them and our siblings. It's where are our children going to be coming back to. And for us, we didn't want that to be either Bend, Oregon, where my family lives, which we love going back and visiting, but we didn't want that to be our place where our kids came back to visit us. And same with uh Washington. As much as we love going over and visiting all Elisha's family, they're all there. um it just we didn't want the next generation of our children to be coming back to that state. And so it's kind of like not shopping at Target, you know, don't want our tax dollars going over there. Well, I think I'm kidding. But and I mean, I hope listeners understand we're going to be coming at this from the perspective of very much probably trying to validate our decision to uh to move away from family because we do just stand by it. like we don't um I I I just am so confident in where we are and where we're raising our family. And so that's the lens we're coming at this from. We just were very happy that we moved. And so we're looking back retrospectively through through that lens. Uh and so if people are really happy where they're at, then I don't think they should move. encouraging people who feel angst and feel like we don't feel like this is where God has us, right? Yeah. I I absolutely cuz Yeah. Well, I I was Oh, yeah. I think that's one thing to consider. What I was going to say right before that was um uh and again, this is going to like make us sound like we're some people that are like sacrificing for our children, but we actually don't feel like we're sacrificing at all. We've loved it. our quality of life has improved dramatically since moving to this state. Um just our liberties, the freedom, just the communities that we're around, the culture, all of it has made our life way better. Uh that said, I do think it is incumbent upon parents to consider their children. Uh and I know we had Katie Fon and she wrote that book, Them Before Us, and that was really in the context of um adoption and um like that whole world like are you doing this for the child or are you doing it for yourself? Uh but it's I haven't stopped thinking about that principle since that interview because I had really based most of my parenting on me first and I didn't realize it until talking to her. It was like well what works for me and then of course I want to be a good parent as well rather than really I guess taking the responsibility and taking it upon myself to set my children up for success. uh and not lobing over them and not finding my identity in them and not worshiping them, but truly doing all that I can within my power because I we brought them into this world. They came in helpless. The Lord gave them to us to steward. So, are we doing that well? And I think of what our forefathers have done and the sacrifices that they have made uh and that I'm the beneficiary of, I really want to take that to heart in the decisions I make for that are going to impact my children. I mean, I think of people getting on ships over in Europe that were they were leaving family. They were leaving generations and generations of family and they were leaving careers and they were leaving um I mean I'm sure some people were leaving bad situations but I'm sure some people were living well actually people were living what they knew and they were leaving what they knew and what was you know relatively comfort even if it was unfortunate it was still what they knew and there's a comfort in what you know and they were heading off into a great unknown and they went they chose to endure struggle for the sake of future generations and I'm I'm not at all experiencing struggles. Like I said, my quality of life has improved since moving. But I do think we were considering our children when we made the move. You're like, "Okay, could we carve out a life in Bend and enjoy it here?" Absolutely. Could we carve out a life in Washington State and enjoy it? Absolutely. But then it's like it stopped when it came to our children. We're like, what are our kids going to do? Like what kind of life are they going to build here? And uh and so that that was a motivator in us moving. Yeah. Yeah. And it's it wasn't just a straight up retreat, I guess, but it was building being wanting to be in a place where we can, you know, I love I go to the grocery store, everyone's stoked to see all my kids. You know, I go and then I visit a more liberal community. And yes, it's a gift to be in that community for those people to see a family that is large and embracing family and enjoying it. I do think there's a special ministry in that and God calls some families to that. But people are so hostile and it's crazy to me how just the difference that the children get to experience just with people being so joyful seeing them. And so it's little things like that. Um but it's also just so many like-minded people everywhere. It is such a gift being able to raise our children in this environment. I feel like the world and culture in general is already hostile to God's design. And so it's a gift to be able to live in a place where people are constantly building you up and then you're able to minister out from there from that place of strength and it instead of just trying to defend your stronghold um of just your home over and over and over. And again, God calls different people and different families to different things and different ministries and different fights for his glory. Uh but for us, this is this just seemed like the way to go. I know. I've often wondered if uh like if I'm the weaker brethren, kind of like how the whole passage like if you know don't drink if you're around a weaker brethren. Um like I'm like maybe I am the weaker person in this situation. Like I don't I don't think I can live in those states anymore uh and raise the family that I that I want to raise. And so there maybe are people that are just stronger in the faith and more committed to serving, you know, where they're currently at or maybe they feel called to move there, you know. Yeah. Like as missionaries. Yeah. and and have an impact in those communities. Um, I will say this because people have asked, "Okay, so how did you get plugged in when you moved so Katie's uncle, Uncle Wade, who many of our listeners know cuz he's been on the podcast, he already lived in North Idaho." And so we had that connection right when we moved. And then we also had friends that were Yeah. that we had just known from our past that we were able to uh it's not like we started hanging out every day when we moved here, but I think we moved on a Saturday and on the following Tuesday, so was that 3 days later, we had a taco Tuesday at our house that was not not very I mean you put it together pretty quickly, but it wasn't like very put together our home just because we hadn't had the time. Um, and so we had a taco Tuesday that first Tuesday and I mean we had like 40 people in our home. Uh, because we were just kind of like on social media trying to find anybody that we still had somewhat of a friendship with that we were, you know, connected to on some way and invited them over. And uh, I feel like since that moment, we've not ever struggled having friends. No, it's kind of funny. It's like when I think back to who came to that first Taco Tuesday, it was like an old family friend of yours in mind that we hadn't seen for a very very very long time. Like maybe a decade, I don't know. And then we had um my uncle and aunt. I don't even know a couple of the people I can't remember. Some booers came over. Yes. Gabe and me. And then we had one gal come over that I just knew off social media. We saw we moved to the area. Um it was just a great big melting pot and it was so fun. And the funny thing is I don't think we've seen anybody except for my uncle again from that initial group because literally like when Elisha said we moved over here and we knew some people. I know dozens of people like hundreds we probably both do that we've actually never had over for dinner here or connected with. Oh that we knew prior. Yeah. That we knew prior. So we knew lots of people that lived here. But then our new community took off so quickly and those friends deepened for us so quickly. We didn't even have time to connect with our older friends. And I'd say that's still the case. Like there's still people I bump into at a wedding and I'm like, "Oh my word, we live 40 minutes away from each other. We still haven't hung out." And when I say North Idaho, 40 minutes is not a long time. Like we're way north of town. They're way south of town, you know. Um, so anyways, I think that there's a gift in moving to a like-minded community because you go to church and it's pretty easy to find friends. Yes. And this is something else that I was going to bring up and that is when we moved in 2020, it was it was like the great migration, right? Everybody was was fleeing the the blue states heading to the red states. And so like any church we'd visit, you'd see another family, you go connect, you're like, "Well, where are you from?" and they had, you know, like they had just moved here. Like that was a really common thing. And so that made it really easy to connect. You already had that in common that you were moving probably for similar reasons. Uh you had a similar value system and you both were like looking to connect with people. And so it actually made people very open to coming over to having you over. And I think what would be really challenging is moving into like a very established community where you're trying to plug in and they just already have their MO and they're not looking for new friends and they feel maxed, you know, relationally already and you're trying to elbow your way in. I think that would be far more challenging. Um, and that's inevitable and you can find a way to add value to those groups and and I'm sure be included. But when the churches that we visited and then the church that we landed at, it was very common to Yeah. Like the first few people we were having over for dinner and then that were having us over for dinner. We were none of us were from the area. We had all just moved here. And since then, we've connected a lot more with like actual locals. Um, and they're a part of our friend group. But I'd say even our core friend group is like 50/50. you know, half of them are locals, like born and raised here, and then the other half are are from California, Washington, or Oregon. Yeah. And, you know, you mentioned that, Elisha, how some groups might be already established, but I actually see that as being a huge gift if you're like-minded, because I think of people that are still coming over to Idaho, say they came over this year, right? And it's been 5 years since 2020, but they come one night to the home group or they meet one family in the mom's room. This typically happens in the mom's room. You get an invite to a dinner or a book club or a home group or a Fourth of July party or something and immediately you have a dozen friends. And so I think that I would say a lot of people I mean I can't speak for all these people but I know of new people that have come over this year where immediately they have instant friends because I'm inviting them to something or our neighbors inviting them to something or whatever and then it's like whoa here's all these people and then their social calendar is filled. So it can be a blessing. Yes. Um if you're like-minded and you find a welcoming community that you really just need to know one person and then they can tie you into their network. Absolutely. Absolutely. So, I I do think that yes, do not under I don't think take for granted that you will plug in instantly. I think you need to if you're going to move, you need to move like ready to go to work and ready to and be expecting to have to invite people to your home and and be the one that is initiating friendships and relationships. Uh cuz we certainly had that mindset and it really streamlined everything. Um, and it's not that everybody will accept your invitation, but at least you'll be able to like start moving through families quicker. You know, if you're kind of like, oh, they can come over, they cannot, they don't want to come over. Got it. And then people do come over and then you meet their friends and, you know, you just get connected that way. Yeah. Like everything in life, it's a numbers game. So, you just have to ask enough people and some people will also be looking for friendships. Yes. And so, you can't get hurt feelings if someone already has friendships or doesn't want to be your friend. Um, but yeah, we came over here with an aggressive pursuit mindset of like you said, we had people over within 4 days of moving in. And that just kept up. If we met a family where we thought we might have something in common, we invited them over. We invited them over. And um, that would be, you know, I moved so many times growing up, 21 times by the time I was married at 21. Kind of has a ring to it. And my parents were phenomenal. They moved to so many different states and locations and places and I saw them just have that pursuing mindset of we were the ones hosting immediately. And I think sometimes if maybe it's your first time you've moved, you think, well, I'm the new person so they should invite me over. But the truth is, these people have established lives and I'm sure they would love to be hospitable towards you, but they've got a lot going on. And so your pursuit of them is going to be welcomed and they might be tired of cooking and having people over for dinner. It'll mean a lot if you offer to cook for them. Yeah. So, yeah, I totally agree. And something else that this is very practical, but I do think it was helpful, Katie and I. And so this is I guess know yourself in regards to what are your hobbies. Are you the type of family that is used to just spending multiple evenings a week playing board games with other families or hanging out just doing social events? Um cuz we if you are then you might have a season of really feeling lonely uh when you until until you get that established. Uh we were not that couple when we moved. Most of our hobbies were very like we brought all of our favorite things with us. Meaning our children, uh, our work, our hobbies, they all like we were working online. We loved that. We brought our music with us that we loved that. Even I I go to like what I was doing for fitness at the time was just running in in triathlons. And I just picked up and and I just that was improvement, right? I was in a community that that was really supportive of that. It had great running trails and it was a biking community. Um, and so I was able to get plugged in. Well, I didn't need to get plugged in. I was just kind of able to go do all the things that I wanted to do. Uh, but if you're the type of person where like your your your husband's outlet is pick up basketball with the same group he's been playing with for 16 years, like that's a huge loss for him maybe, right? right? Or if it's his core group of friends that he what I don't know what you know that does guy stuff with like and it's very imperson then that's going to be a huge loss for him. I didn't have that at any of the places that we were at. I had great friends. I'm not trying to say I didn't have good friends but like my hobbies or my regular consistent activities um were very self-consuming. No, they were they they didn't always involve other people. Yeah, there is that. And yeah, it'll just take time to rebuild and it it does. It's funny how some of our closest friends now when we first met it was like this is so fun we're talking talking like I'm thinking of questions to ask they're thinking of questions to ask me and then I go home and I'm just kind of tired and I'm like oh where's like the kindred spirit so you just like you know you could sit in silence and not have to talk or whatever and that just straight up comes with time I found because I've never had a closer friend group now and the Lord's really blessed that but I think, "Oh, it's just come from like hours and hours and hours and hours spent." And then you you reach this comfortability where like you aren't wondering, "Oh, I wonder what they'll think of me if I say this or you know, you aren't overthinking everything there and overthinking everything." And I mean, this might sound really obvious to some people, but sometimes when you're starting a new friendship from scratch, it can be easy to forget that and you think, "Oh, we don't click." Yes. But it's just straight up like of course they aren't as close as your friends you've known for 10 years. You know, you need that time. No doubt. No doubt. And and even backing up to what I was saying about the hobbies, hobbies can be a great way to meet new people, too. And so like I we didn't feel this void because we were able to bring a lot of our favorite things with us and just continue doing them from our home. Uh however, you're if you if you train jiu-jitsu, that's a great place to to get to know people. you know, if you train CrossFit, if you do do if you do enjoy playing pickup basketball, finding whatever the church, you know, the church guys that that have keys to the gym and they and they run on Wednesday night, like and you can find those groups and that can be an instant community as well. Um, when you do have those hobbies or music is another one too where you can actually go and connect with people and then obviously church is the biggest one. Well, yeah, I was going to get to that. So, that was going to be the final thing actually own point. It is. Yes. It's go to church and then get involved in a smaller group of church. I would say what are your thoughts on church? Yeah. Well, I was going to tie this into the whole like should you move or should you not move because I think that's what a lot of people are wondering. Uh cuz if you're stoked with where you live, that's we're stoked for you. We are not big- time recruiters. We're not telling people they should go any which way direction. We just are pumped when other people are pumped about where they live because we love where we live and it's a blast meeting other people that love where where they live. But it's like such a gift if you have your parents close by and your siblings close by. Like I loved when my sister was down the street here for 9 months. You know, I loved when my parents were staying here. Like I wish we were all living together. I wish Elisha's family was closer. So that is a gift. And if you love living ne like if you love where you live and your family's there like win. I agree. It's like you know that would be my dream for sure because that is what we miss the most. If there's a fly in the pudding then it is it is not being close to our families and we've got such full lives and so we don't sit here you know just missing them every day. But it does pop up on the family text thread. you know, when you see everybody's together for a birthday party and you're like, "Oh, man." You know, like, and you kind of get that FOMO that still is a part of our life. And uh and so that's yeah, that's definitely present um throughout the year. Uh so yeah, we're huge advocates of like Red State, Blue State. If you're living with close to your family, you've got that family support, you've got a great community, you're growing in your faith, you feel like you're able to equip your kids and get them ready to launch into the world and to succeed, then like to me that sounds like an awesome place to be. You know, it's like double down on that. Invest even deeper or even more into that situation. So, if that's what your case, then we're stoked and we and you're the type of people we like seeing and hanging out with because we always get like fun ideas from from people like you. We like hanging out with anybody, too. But if you've got angst, if you've got um restlessness, if you don't feel at peace about raising your children where you currently are, if you've got doubts, if you're living in fear, if you're, you know, don't feel like you're growing in your faith or you're not being equipped, I do think those are valid reasons to consider relocating. It is a common sentiment that like that you shouldn't I don't know if actually I don't know how common it is. I heard it a lot growing up that like well no a new place isn't going to change you. You need to you need to change yourself. You need to change your heart. You need to change your perspective. Uh and it's like yeah we're always changing our heart hopefully and changing our perspectives and improving our mind. Uh but yeah change a place can change things. Like to me that's like a very 100%. Yeah 100%. That's like the first thing people like you're encouraged to do if you like want to stop drinking. It's like well stop being around those places. Stop being around those people. Like re you get away from that part of town. Uh it's just the like where who you're around, where you're around, your environment is heavily it impacts your mental state, your spiritual state, your your relationships. It just impacts it dramatically. And so if you are in a place where you're not getting traction in the areas of life that matter the most to you and you think that a relocation could be helpful, then I think it's worth considering. Is that going to solve all your problems? No. I don't think anybody thinks it's going to solve all their problems, but it can be a a factor in starting to see improvement in areas that that matter to you. Okay. So, I think that is such a good point. The church thing though, before we go too much further, what were you going to tie into the church? Yeah, I think that any before you move, I do think it really is crucial to have a church picked out located. I'm not saying you have to be committed to being a member, but or anything like that, but be like, "Hey, we know that this is a church. This is a option right here." Cuz we had a few of those and we didn't even end up at the churches that we thought were our A, B, and C options. I would argue there's two churches in our area that bring all the like-minded people here and then they church hop from those two churches to our church. That does happen. Like consistently they're like we knew we had this church on our mind. We aligned with their beliefs so we came there and then it wasn't the greatest fit so we came to your church and like that's consistently been what's happened. Uh so but if you have something that you feel like you can move towards if you got the ability I mean it is just unfair to be able to listen to sermons online now you can you can know so much about what a church believes on different topics before even visiting and then things you can't really experience without boots on the ground obviously are the people you know like that in-person gathering of the saints um and so if you're able to do a reconnaissance trip for the sake of visiting churches I think that's that's very helpful um but yeah I Do you think that that is it's just got to be a top priority when you move is being vigilant about plugging in to a church as soon as possible. Yeah. It's like we wouldn't consider knowing what we know now, moving to a new location without knowing what church we're moving to. Um which is which is just again that's different than how I grew up. We would move somewhere and then we just church stopped really for like 15 years because we had didn't known what church we would end up going to. I think it's a lot easier now with the whole online space. So like Elisha said, now we have more knowledge, we have more responsibility with that and it can be a really big gift. So uh there was something else I was going to say though with people moving and um oh something that Tim Ferrris says which I mean this is from his old 4-hour work. Wow. Holy smokes. Bringing out. We were just talking about choosing churches and now you're going to be quoting Tim Ferris. Ferris, you know, um, he is not a Christian. He is not No, I I honestly No, he's not a mentor. I haven't looked him up since I read his book for our work week, which was written when I believe I was like 10 or 11 years old. But I did read that book and I do think it's life-changing because I think that we are so caught up even still today in busy work and just making ourselves feel important and we aren't actually getting done what needs to be done and we can condense the time frame and get done what we need to get done. So, I love the premise of that book and I would I think there's like probably language in it and probably a bunch of stuff in it. But all that aside, I'd recommend the message. So, that said, um Tim Ferris had a concept in that book and it is it's speaking towards entrepreneurship, but it's like okay, if you take this risk, how long will it take for you to get back to where you were before if everything goes completely wrong? Yes. Okay. Thank you. Thank you. So if you if you if you take this risk and all the worst case scenarios come to pass, how long would it take you to recover and get back to where you're currently at? Yeah. So I think that has honestly a big impact on whether or not I would consider moving. So if moving to Kentucky for you know these listeners if you're moving to Kentucky but your husband's job is online and you don't you're renting a home right now so you'll be renting a home in Kentucky and you know it's like okay what is it like flights you're moving out there you could try it for 6 months and move back like the risk is so small if everything goes wrong you hate Kentucky you hate the humidity which I couldn't handle and you know you don't get in touch with the community there. Church isn't what you thought it was. Everyone gets sick because they get bit by a tick. You know, what do you do? I think they get the headaches, don't they? There's headaches in Kentucky. Okay, that is a real thing. If you're considering moving to Kentucky, well, it's I'm sure it's not in all areas of Kentucky. There was just a part of Kentucky. Look it up because the barometer or something. I'm going to sound super uneducated here, but people get migraines there. My sister moved there, started getting migraines, and she never got them before she moved there. And a lot of people we know that live there have chronic migraines. So consider that with Kentucky. Everyone talks about like tornadoes or hurricanes or humidity or something, but it's like the headaches are pretty bad. So anyways, I'm just a big fan of staying on a coast. We're not on a coast. It's close to you can. Okay. Idaho is close enough for me. So um that said, yeah, but okay. If it's like you have a family home that you've poured into for, you know, 20 years, you have your community here, your husband's job, he's worked his way up the ladder at some place. He's going to have to quit that job. You don't know what he's going to or he's going to try to start a business. And you have nine kids and I'm serious cuz people are doing that too. And it's the risk is worth it for them cuz I guess they just want something totally different. Well, we have watched families over the course of this thing get stuck. Yeah. Get very, very stuck because how long it's going to take for them to get back to where they were. Worst case scenario did happen for those, you know, a couple families that I know of and they might never get back to where they were. And it's like, okay, the Lord has a different journey for them. Um, maybe that's exactly what he was calling them to, but maybe it was just a bad decision. You know what I mean? you know, I don't know what they're laying awake at night thinking. So, I'm glad you brought that up because we're talking about this whole relocating thing from the standpoint of loving where we relocated to and loving our life here. We and I'd say that's 90% of the people we come in contact with that have relocated, whether it's the people I know in Tennessee, Florida, Texas, etc. Uh, however, there are people that made the move during that time frame and it did not go well for them. So, that's that exists as well. And I so I I think it is worth considering like this this might not go well. This might not be a win for our family. I was going to say too the age of your children where where are they you know where where you at right there in in that situation. Where are you at right there with that situation? I guess right there. So for us for instance it wasn't a huge deal for us to try out North Idaho because we didn't own a home. We were living in a fifth wheel. Okay. So, we were going to use Elisha's income with him being employed to buy a home somewhere. We're like, well, this is going to increase our net worth anyways. We're just going to buy this home over here. And worst case scenario, we could have rented it out. It was a super cheap starter home. We could have covered the mortgage, say we hate North Idaho, move back home to family, move back into our fifth wheel, um, and in two years sell the house, right? Um, so for us it just wasn't this huge risk if everything went bottoms up. Yes, that's a great way to look at it. And we do that actually with many big decisions is we go through that exercise of okay, if everything goes wrong, if everything goes poorly, how long would it take for us to get back to where where we are? And more times than not, it's actually not that big of a deal. You're like, okay, you know what? Like sure we because this is the especially when you view time as like experience and memories and you don't really actually have wasted time ever. So even if it takes a year or two or three years of your life and you're like man took us all that time to get back to it that's three years of experience that you get to take into the next thing. Uh and so so yeah will it take time to recover? Yeah but that's all experience and you get to bring that with you to the next thing. It actually makes you better. Um, and so I think it is a really good thought exercise to do in any big decision, but I'd say especially this Yeah. I think it helps you consider the expense of the risk. You know, how much are you gambling with here? And for some people, it's just going to be worth it to do a big gamble. But for some people, I think it's easy basically why this exercise is so helpful is it's easy to feel very scared regardless of whether the risk is imbalance with the fear. Yep. Like sometimes it's out of line like the fear is so big but the risk is so small and sometimes people go around taking huge risks and they don't feel any fear. Exactly. So it just kind of helps you determine what actually is the risk here. Yes. Versus based on our emotions or whatever. Right. Yeah. And I and I would say too, if you make the decision, if you do this assessment and you're thinking, you know what, I think we need to stay put where we're at, then like fully embrace that cuz because I think the thing that I I think what nobody likes enjoys being around is people complaining about circumstances that they do have the ability to change. Um acting like they couldn't. Yeah. And acting like they can't. Um, and so if you are going to make the choice to stay where you're at, then just crush it there with your family and be heavily involved and raise up champions of the faith, um, just have highly effective children and have a great marriage and be plugged into your church and just be just send it, you know, where where you're currently at. If that's the decision that you make, don't just like complain that you don't like living where you're living, right? Yeah. Exactly. Yeah. Uh, and yeah, I think that just goes with anything. I think that's just like a pet peeve. That's just our advice to you from a pet peeve standpoint. I don't know. I stand by that advice. Like it's just annoying. So don't do it. I mean, we you and I are like chronic action takers and so it's like as soon as something kind of annoys us, it's like, well, let's change our whole life to remedy this one thing. So when people like have an annoyance in their life and they're not doing anything about it, it's like it boggles our mind. It's true. Uh it's like you're telling me you're sitting on attack and you're still sitting on it. Yeah, exactly. Uh and and I will say this and then we can wrap it up. I do think moving I this has just been my experience. Okay. Cuz I I grew up in Washington state, lived in Oregon for 5 years, spent a lot of time in California because of work, pursuing Kat, etc. family. Um and then this is the first time I've lived in a conservative state. And I mean I just Did you say California or Oregon? California. So Washington. California and Oregon. Washington. Oregon. California. Okay. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Sorry. Is that right? Yeah. I thought for I don't know. It just caught my ear. I think I probably heard it wrong, but I heard like you spent a ton of time in California pursuing Katie and because of family. Oh yeah. I was thinking like Christmas trees and all that stuff like that. Those are I spent all my youth on the coast. Washington, Oregon, California. That's where we spent all of our time. And so coming to Idaho and living here has been um mindboggling to how great it is living in a conservative state. I think it is a true gift uh to be able to yeah raise our children here with the liberties, the freedoms uh to really feel like we are not just on a daily basis combating things. uh like very practical, you know, like very practical things like and it's not that there aren't Christians in in liberal cities or in liberal states. Of course, there are Christians in all those places, but like we don't encounter, you know, drag shows in our communities. We don't encounter a a huge LGBTQ plus community in in our area. We're not combating that on a regular basis. you when you go to any coffee shop in our town, uh you're going to be bumping into a lot of Christians, okay? There are there are some non-Christians at these coffee shops, too. And of course, the good coffee shops are ran by Democrats because that's always how it goes. And so, if you want the good coffee, you still have to go, you know, patronize the the Democrats coffee shops. Um, however, it's a bunch of Christians there drinking coffee, you know, and like just the the general vibe is something that I've never experienced in my whole life. And it's really nice. Yeah, it's nice. And I think of it as a kind of a seeding ground because I do think America is becoming there's a revival overall. And here I'm speaking to our United States listeners, but um there's a revival of patriotism. There's a revival like there's hope. people are entering the military in higher numbers than before. Like there's just a lot of hope in our country. But I feel that so much in Idaho and that's what I want my kids to grow up around. I think there's more hope for our country if more kids are being raised patriotically and wanting to contribute to the, you know, maybe our electoral vote count or whatever isn't as high, but wanting to contribute to um being public servants and viewing that from a really cool perspective of, hey, we can our vote can change things because here in local government, our vote does change things versus living in a super liberal community where I think growing up my whole life, I just kind And I thought, well, what's the point? Who cares? It's a losing battle, you know? And that's not the idea we should have at any point in time. But I don't feel that way here in a uber patriotic constitutional um state that's just where we're all just proud to be Americans. Yeah, totally agree. That's all I've got. All right, folks. Thanks for listening. And and I would love it if any of our listeners have relocated or have thought about it. Maybe you can leave in the comment section your experience because I know that we're just speaking from our experience. That's true. And so many of you guys probably have like drop below like why are you glad you did or what do you wish you knew before? Um or why do you wish you hadn't? Yeah, exactly. All those things. All right, folks. Talk to you next time. Bye-bye. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Shelfaroundthecorner [4 likes]: My parents relocated us from one city in Texas to another for reasons involving religion, homeschooling and community. I remember them telling us they wanted us to be able to find Godly spouses one day. My mom always stayed home and when we moved, my dad didn’t have a job. Thankfully they were able to live on savings until something came up. I was 9 then. Now I’m in my 30’s and still live in the area with my husband I met here and our wonderful family!
  2. @maritzazavalasmith9346 [2 likes]: Who watches their kids when they are working and doing all these podcasts?
  3. @K81620 [2 likes]: Are you in Moscow?
  4. @GrannyGrace [1 likes]: A garden takes 3 years to establish and I have found that is also true for moving to a new area.
  5. @helenn8839 [1 likes]: Do they have another podcast where they talk more about leaving and leaving family behind? 

I’ve got two very young kids and we are planning to move. It feels right for our family but I hate that we’re moving from our family.
  6. @kkdidwhatable [1 likes]: Yep grew up in WA and OR .. parents moved to ID in 2005 ..moved with them ... I love ID
  7. @netforce13 [1 likes]: She cuts him off & degrades him slightly, he gets insecure & then she "builds him up". 
It's super wierd bcz she is clearly the smart one in the relationship, she lets him know, has him wrapped around her finger & then drills in the whole "man is the head of the house" so strictly that she thinks women shouldn't even vote cuz the husband votes for them. Hilariously manipulative.
  8. @TheEMC99 [1 likes]: My husband and I moved away from family. We had 2 littles then. We moved from SE FL (Fort Lauderdale) to SWFL. We have less family support but it's significantly more family oriented, safe and Christian. It's been a a wonderful move that we don't regret 7 years and 3 more kids later. We live in Cape Coral which is an absolute gem and we're so thankful we moved.  ❤
  9. @MamaD_and_Family [1 likes]: Good discussion.
Moving away is definitely a very personal choice.
We left the Northwest and moved to the South. Now after a couple years my husband, older children, and I all hate it 😢
While financially it has been a blessing, we all miss "home". We felt the need to move because cost of living in the west was too high for us, but through this journey God has really shown us that we were much too focused on finances and we were prioritizing "debt free life" over everything else. 
I think for some people moving can be a good thing but for us it was not.
  10. @tyrelnatashanuzum8956 [1 likes]: It made me smile when you mentioned people leaving overseas. Today is the anniversary of my parents immigrating from Ukraine (what was the USSR at the time) many years ago....maybe 35? They left their culture and family and church and their language.....their entire way of life. I think spiritually we left behind better influences in Ukraine where extended family were all believers....it was very hard to grow up as immigrants being stuck between two ways of life, but now that I'm married and with my own family I feel so michore secure. We're so grateful to live in a rural and conservative and Christian environment now. Our suburban upbringing was not good for us kids growing up spiritually because we did not have a strong identity and therefore alot of us kids adopted the ways of the world around us which was not Christian, but God is slowly calling each of us back to himself.
  11. @doratuininga4121 [1 likes]: cousins are your first friends,grandparents are so valuable,having a few close is great
  12. @anetabarszcz6782: Amazing episode! The best so far for me and really eye-opening.
  13. @anabohanes: Haha I moved
To Austria with my husband (European husband), we’ve been here for 5 years and we are definitely moving back to the states. I moved because I was bored of Flat Florida and wanted to experience winter and Europe and its quality of food. But I had never been to Austria. We moved in January 2020. So just before the pandemic hit and it was a total slap in the face to meet all of that while being pregnant with our first. 

I realized I was not aligned with learning the language or the super laid back/chill culture. I learned the hard way but it’s still helped shape me in beautiful ways and solidify my marriage and our growing family. I also don’t want to not be looked at weird for speaking Spanish and having 2 kids and being pregnant. 


We miss the American mindset,  entrepreneurial mindset, and God’s name on beautiful dollars and Christian churches. This was a great podcast with great points, thank you for sharing your views.
  14. @cassiesheart3012: Are y’all in Moscow? Im not expecting an answer but this is my guess hahaha
  15. @mozingoames: Great episode. Thanks for sharing your experience. Lots of wisdom to glean from here
  16. @Vaughanfamilyfarm: We moved in 2020 as well! We left northern CA and moved to TN. We are happy we moved overall but the culture/lack of health in the south has been an adjustment still. So many families moved here though and just like you said- that has been really nice! We meet people all the time who moved from Oregon/Washington and CA. Also as a mom to 6 kids- the south is much happier to see you when you are out with your kids than northern CA ever was
  17. @sabl6381: Yep. We left WA for WV in 2021. We as two adults could have navigated and even enjoyed the batty West Coast, but raising children there? No thanks. We are thinking ahead to our children and our grandchildren and which region/location has the best chance of looking even remotely Christian and American in the coming decades.
  18. @heidi6544: It’s been peaceful for my husband and I to live away from family;))
  19. @miluskahakkel886: Moved from overseas Europe to CA, we had a great church there, but hubbys job took us to IL, again God blessed us with a great church there but took some time to feel part of a community , then  we became military and rn are stationed in ND. First time leaving on a red state and loving it! Took time to find a church,but we have finally settled, we love the country life and small towns, so calm and slow living. I do miss sometimes the big airports and mall haha. I don’t like how far we are from family though , and are planning our moving to our forever home once hubby is done w his service. Praying for that! Idaho is an option too. 
Blessings
  20. @K81620: You must be listening to Joel Webbon

- Moving my family to New Zealand from USA changed everything!: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back to the channel today is story day we are going to just Dive Right into my story because I feel like in 2024 we're starting out this is one of the First videos and like so many people are new I have been doing this channel for about 4 years now and like let's just share my story like how did I get here you know what's kind of my background uh I just felt like telling a story today so here we go if you don't know us we are a family of six that have moved from the US to New Zealand and have been here for almost CL 9 years now today I just thought I'd share a little story where did I come from how did we end up doing this you know what do I do for a living all those kinds of things so let's just Dive Right In I was born in Albany New York but I mainly grew up in Wisconsin and so I lived there for um most of my childhood and then I eventually went to University and I studied marketing and I got my masters in communication and I've been teaching at the University level since then really I love that I ALS also started having kids so I've had four kids two girls and two boys I had them all in the US and then eventually we had we're big Travelers at doing things we love the outdoors we love the backpacking but we one day was like well we were going to travel around the whole United States and then we decided you know what we've kind of seen everything I mean we haven't been every single spot but like most of it and we're like why don't we think about International so this was 2013 and we looked at moving um overseas and New Zealand just so you know is not an easy country to get into and in fact with an American passport and it may be different if you're from different countries I'm not sure but I can just share my experience and uh yeah so we came in 2013 Our intention was 2 years we wanted to give our kids an international experience we wanted to have an international experience and we just wanted to see how other people do things what do you do and how do you do it honestly you guys didn't expect to love it so much loved it here it's just amazing but things happened and really to my I really didn't want to but we moved back to the US after 2 years cuz that was the plan my husband's father had passed and there's just we hadn't been home um and so we went back we reintegrated into society in the US and to be honest I struggled I struggled a lot actually it's hard when you gone somewhere and it just it feels like you and you feel like you thrive there and then you know you go back and to me it felt like a step backwards it wasn't um and there's really great things about the US I'm not like trying to put it down but like for me maybe it wasn't the best and plus it's freezing half of the Year there so that's not great so anyway we moved back and then we ended up coming back 2 years later uh because we're crazy and my husband got kind of this amazing job offer and situation kind of arose and we just really felt led to go there to come back here and and that time actually was much harder because we had already integrated back we had done the move back and forth didn't want to do them moving again we actually struggled quite a bit to move back because we had some teenage at the time and just were feeling nervous about that and just so many things our mentality was quite different cuz when we moved back we we're coming permanently right and so with the well at least you know for at least as long as made sense and just a much more long term without you know any end date and we just were like you know it's just different when you're trying to actually set up community and and schools and everything was a lot different than just coming for kind of a 2-year long holiday yeah so that's kind of our story about how and so now we've been in New Zealand for um we're going on 7 years and um we applied for citizenship and yeah so it's good learned a lot learned a lot more about the country obviously uh being here a lot longer understanding the culture a lot better having to function here and Thrive here so if you guys are considering a move to New Zealand seriously um message me go on to my website kiwi.com I'll have some links in the description but I'm here to help you I've been helping people for 3 years now move here from mainly the us but it's not limited to the US and I have kind of a whole process in place I have a free 50-minute course take that so that's just like where you start like so you know where to start everything you need to know I just kind of put it all out there um for you guys so so check that out if you're planning on doing that so that's kind of my story about coming to New Zealand I have a lot I could share with you about that and that's what this really this whole channel is about where I kind of share our journey and learnings that we have coming here um so if you have any questions or want to know more let me know okay so the second second part of this video I just want to kind of dive in more on a personal side and kind of you know who I am and kind of my personal growth over the last couple years okay let's dive into my story but before we do that I forgot to put on here this is I always forget these things so I have an American cookbook so I've taken the best American recipes and adapt them to New Zealand Australian ingredients so if you have an American friend here you're an American coming here or are here this book is for you link is in the description I also just want to highlight one more thing cuz I'm just so excited about it and I love you guys and I'm hoping to give you guys um an exclusive on this but I hope you like it it's very exclusive it's my husband created a game it's called Adventure track and is coming out next month and yeah we've got a lot of interest from Distributors here in New Zealand and the US and it's really cool so if you're interested in this I'm not going to talk more about that let me know it's uh adventur trk life.com if you want to check it out and get more details on the game game but I'm just excited about it I just want to support my husband and his new Creations so um so that's fun but let's talk a little bit about me I'm in my for news and uh like I said I've had a marketing degree and then communication and teaching and I love teaching like there's nothing more rewarding than teaching I mean people go into it not for the money right because it's not good money especially in the US oh my gosh you guys I get paid so much more in New Zealand it's not even funny okay so um yeah so I've had four kids I have two that have left home and my youngest is 12 and I have a 15-year-old and so yeah I'm I'm about to enter that complete teenage world so that's F if you know you know when you have four kids it's pretty fullon so I've always worked but I've worked part-time teaching when I came to New Zealand New Zealand they don't have a lot of people here and so your skills be what if you're very average say in your home country your probably above average here they don't have a lot of people with certain skills anyway and so you're able I mean I was able to do a lot of jobs I don't think I'd be able to do in the US and I enjoy that so I've been teaching and writing courses for trary institutes here in New Zealand and I enjoy that I currently run a digital marketing company which I also enjoy and that's interesting because I was marketing so like learning Marketing in the 90 late '90s early 2000s nothing applies anymore like some of the principles maybe but like I had to relearn so I started my like digital business in 2015 so when I moved back to the us so we came to New Zealand I had a great time I homeschooled some of my kids I was just you know in the culture I taught here I just wanted to just suck it all in with the two years that I was coming and then when I went home I was like all my kids were finally in school for the first time and now I'm ready to do something different and I decided digital is the future and so I wrote a goal for myself and my goal was very vague it was to be successful online and the reason why I chose that goal was because I knew there's so much I didn't know and that I needed to be able to Pivot and for me to say I'm going to have be a successful um you know Creator I'm going to be a successful affiliate marketer like I didn't want to limit myself so I just said online success and so since then I started in amazon.com business that I'm still running 7 years later and it's probably my most profitable business which makes sense cuz it's been running the longest I've had lots of small businesses so if you don't know I've run a um home improvement company for 3 years I had a for short run of a skincare line an organic skincare line before um I moved back here in 2018 17 18 I have obviously YouTube channel and influencer i' like I'm on the whole Creator world I've been creating for almost 5 years now and I just do a lot like I just do a lot of different things I'm always into it and I love it and so uh so it's interesting because I I learned marketing but I had to relearn everything in 2015 because now it's digital like everything is different I I have to tell you guys like I get really frustrated when I'm trying to write help these universities write digital courses you know you're welcome for the ones that I'm trying to write because you need to have people that are digital creators or understand the digital economy be writing these courses because you can't base it on Old marketing principles and so that's you know that's what I've been trying to do I you know we get lots of arguments but that's a different story but how about if we all agree to disagree so I you know I'm thinking what does 2024 look for me um I have so many ideas you guys I love New Zealand we'll continue to talk about that I have partnered um with a immigration company and we're kind of working out those details so I will get back to you on that it's going to be good um and I'm here for you like you can meet with me I highly recommend just joining my membership it's only $39 a month and the membership is there because moving to New Zealand isn't just like take this course and you know how to do it in the membership it has all the trainings it has access to me it has other people that are moving it's kind of like all the support that you need and everything you need to know in one place at a very reasonable price so that's there if you're moving here I am here for that because I really believe that you as a person do nothing but grow exponentially when you move abroad I think that you should all move abroad it doesn't have to be New Zealand go to Australia go to Europe go to South America wherever you want to go like do it because the amount of personal growth you will have is second to none when you become aware you guys I mean seriously like I'm in my 40s you know I'm not like perfect and amazing at these videos but I've had a lot of success and it's so easy and it costs nothing I mean I I shouldn't I shouldn't use the word easy I wouldn't say it's easy it's easy in the sense of like the actual physical work that you have to do but it takes time you have to have patience that's the hardest part the patience and the consistency so if you guys are not in the digital economy you need to be I doing a video on that as well but like it's so great because like I live in New Zealand and I could move to Europe I could move to South America I could move to the states I could move wherever but my job wouldn't change and my life wouldn't change and so it's an amazing feeling where you can set up your own life and do that so I quit my job so I was working full-time at a tertiary Institute here in New Zealand and I quit um 2020 2 2022 early on and so it hasn't been that long and I've been running my businesses on its own and they're doing pretty well you know it's interesting because business you know it's never exactly where you want it to be and you have all these goals and don't listen to the people out there don't listen like in three months you can make 10K a month don't no no those people are doing that because they've been building and they've they they've built businesses and failed built created something and failed all their learning has now added up to them being successful at 10,000 a month okay so it's not that easy so don't fall for that um and but like like I think we need to adjust our expectation like it's amazing out there that the digital economy allows you to make enough right like what do you really need like figure out like what really is about so this is what I did this year like I was frustrated that I wasn't as far as I wanted to be and I was like you know what maybe I just need to be thankful for where I'm at like I make good money for really the the time and effort that I put in I don't even put that much time in it I have good processes in place and and I love it like when I go and I do contract work cuz I do contract work um as as well and I do that and it's like you know it really feels like work whereas in the digital economy you can create whatever job you want to do around whatever interest you want to do and it's like out there you just have to put the time in and you got to put the effort in and you have to actually have to learn it and let me tell you that does nothing but help you and now we have ai and it's amazing so anyway so that's my story so I really didn't know that I was into entrepreneurship until we started our home improvement company in 200 before and um I was just helping him out like I was just going to be like you know doing admin and just doing some marketing for them but then it just turned into like I love this and and that's how I don't like let me tell you guys I would never have started a YouTube channel like I don't even watch YouTube and I certainly don't want to edit videos shout out to Ethan who edits my videos cuz I hate it um and he's the best if you're looking for somebody you just have to put the process in place you got to try things I only did it because people were begging me to do it and my community was begging me and so I did it and I tried it and it's the best best ever so so get out there try new things in 2024 I hope that story gives you some insight as to who I am and how I got here and you know if you're interested in this kind of content so in 2024 I'm going to be talking about New Zealand I'm going to be talking about the digital economy I'm going to be talking about anything and everything that's associated with me traveling I do lot of traveling last year I spent 3 weeks in Europe you know what I haven't even done a video of that you know what guys if I'm just going to be really really honest I traveled in Europe in 3 weeks in June and I haven't even looked at the pictures so that's where life is so busy and so fast and it's so great and it's summer here in New Zealand so I'm going to get out here and enjoy the day please comment below um if you want one of these or want something about this or just want to um need help moving here I'm here for you or just questions you have or things you'd like to see this channel this year I'm here for it see [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidCalvert-mh9sy [9 likes]: I was fortunate to have an interesting childhood. I was born in Canada to a Canadian mother and an English father. When I'd just turned 5, the family moved to Southern California. There we stayed until I'd just turned 15. The family uprooted and moved to the UK. We lived for a year in a small village in East Yorkshire. Then, not long after I turned 16, we .loved to Australia. That was in 1966. I live in Australia to this day, and am a naturalized Australian. I have been back to the USA and Canada several times over the years for visits, and I've loved catching up with relatives and friends, and visiting favourite places. But it's great getting on the plane back to Australia. I know I now belong in Australia.
  2. @nicholasmaude6906 [4 likes]: Now that Trump has been unfortunately reelected, Tara, you and your family should seriously think about moving back to New Zealand as the shit WILL hit the fan next year after Trump is sworn in.
  3. @chuckmcdowell2542 [3 likes]: I’m 65 in a month and I’m exhausted from the politics in America. We’ve spent 2 weeks in nz and loved it. Thanks for this information
  4. @lizwiz6434 [3 likes]: very interesting to hear your story as i’ve often wondered about why you moved here. I enjoy your videos. Came to NZ from the UK 48 years ago.
  5. @jamirinov [2 likes]: Hi Tara! I'm new to your channel :) my husband & I visited New Zealand for the first time this year and enjoyed it much more than we expected. It really felt comfortable being there - it's a beautiful country, we loved the food, and the locals were kind. We know that no country is perfect, but we're considering moving there from the US. Both of us have masters degrees in IT-related fields. Ideally, we'd look for Green List Tier 1 level employment to sponsor a visa and apply for a residency visa afterwards. I guess we're stuck on starting the process of finding employers willing to sponsor us. I'm sure it will take lots of time and patience, but hoping we can find a good match in the near future. Thanks for your video. It was great to hear your experience!
  6. @munhassan7840 [2 likes]: Thank you ☺️ great video so inspiring ❤have plans to move out there myself
  7. @desireeteufel3772 [1 likes]: Hello there!!! Also a Wisconsin family looking to move to New Zealand! “Ops” 😅 I was wondering what your job field is. I was looking into other groups and it seems mainly only doctors and teachers have been moving over and it’s starting to make me loose hope on my dream. Would love to chat about it ♥️
  8. @Bob-zs3ro [1 likes]: Your Family is lucky to have you.
  9. @licharra8657 [1 likes]: I'm a New Zealand citizen by birth but I'm thinking of moving to the US, so like complete reverse from yourself and your family.
Love that you love this country, I do too! But a lot of things are leading me towards USA including my job.
  10. @trinameyer3564 [1 likes]: Thank you for sharing. 🫶
  11. @findmeallways4422 [1 likes]: The content is interesting. The background music is a bit distracting.
  12. @bashiiradem4568: Hello Tara I'm from Somalia I live currently angola south of the continent but I'm interested to move New Zealand but I think its not easy how I get there and which path I take to. Please help me if you have too.
  13. @Bob-zs3ro: Thats your experience not Hers. What a doom merchent.
  14. @jimmykerr2983: Ha ha ha ask kiwis about number 8 wire 😅jakx
  15. @craigmckee2965: Look in the camera giri !
  16. @kronikzblehtcgs3303: I’m from nz and moved to the states and I love it here compared to nz, I love the scenery, the people, groceries are cheap, everything is cheap , you can do everything here , weather is always great , only downside is healthcare and nz is best with their healthcare system .
  17. @ahmedelhefnawy3460: I will move to there soon
  18. @Alexandra-jv3nl: Any American doctors on here that can weigh in on ease of securing a working visa for eventual permanent residency? Thanks!
  19. @danieltoka3001: Where is Christi??? Haven't seen here for a while. Will she visit NZ??
  20. @rayjermyn4541: Nowhere is perfect. If you afford private schools or medical insurance,  your experience will be different.  If you expect everything to be provided to you for free, expect less. NZ isnt perfect, but after seeing poor America,  its way better

- 7 Stages of a Long Distance Relationship: Kind: captions Language: en - [Amanda] Hey there Psych2Go family. We at Psych2Go are grateful and humbled by your love and support. Here at Psych2Go our mission is to make content on mental health and self-help more accessible to everyone. So, let's continue to navigate everyday psychology. (acoustic music) Research shows an estimated 75% of college students will be in a long-distance relationship at some point during university. Even though social media, messaging apps and video calls make it easy for couples to stay connected while apart for extended periods of time, long-distance relationships are anything but easy. Studies have shown higher break up rates in long-distance relationships that in close distance ones. Oh, dear! And while some long-distance relationships even start out that way when couples meet online, others transition from close distance to long-distance relationships. Here are seven stages in a long-distance relationship. One, decision. The first chapter in the book of long-distance relationships is the decision to try to make long-distance work. When one partner lives far away or is faced with an opportunity or obligation that requires travel, and the other partner cannot or chooses not to go with them, the couple has to choose between breaking up or entering into a Common factors that cause couples to consider a long distance relationship are travel due to job description or promotions, a partner in the military, education and emergency or family members moving. During the decision stage, partners evaluate whether they wanna commit to a long-distance relationship and others decided it's best to simply end their relationship. Two parting. Once both partners have agreed to pursue a long-distance relationship, so begins the second chapter titled parting. They'll try to spend every minute together before they're separated to make up for the weeks, months or years they'll spend apart. This is also the stage where partner should set boundaries and make rules to keep the relationship healthy when it transitions to long-distance. Three, transition. The transition stage comes after one or both partners have left, launching the long-distance part of their relationship. In this stage, partners might be in a state of denial or simply too busy with the practicals of moving and adjusting to life without their partner to dwell on how the relationship has changed. They'll probably message or call their partner frequently and keep them updated on every little thing, they might still feel like they're still in a close distance relationship. And then comes four, realization. Were you just about to call them to meet you for coffee? Has the fact that you can't meet up with them whenever you like just kinda sunk in? Do you feel at a loss because you could really use a hug from them right now? If so, you've now entered the next chapter, realization. During this stage, couples begin to process what life is like without their partner. They must face the reality that they can't depend on their partner to be there for them physically anymore. The realization stage, while painful also teaches partners to be more independent, have better time management and improve their communication. Five, jealousy. Did they just post a photo of them having fun at the beach with new friends? Are they planning to go to an event with their new colleagues? Like, really? Here you are not being able to even eat properly because you miss them so much while they've already made new friends. Jealousy is a common stage in long-distance relationships. In a study 125 U.S. college students who had been or were currently in long-distance relationships, concluded that jealousy was the most commonly experienced negative emotion while they were apart. Participants in the study reported feeling jealous, not only of potential romantic interest, but also a friends and family who got to spend more time with their significant other than they did. Six, doubt. Now comes the climax. Relational uncertainty is another typical stage in long-distance relationships. Long-distance partners reported that the longer they went without seeing their partner face to face the greater their relationship uncertainty became. And if one or both partners have doubts about the relationship before the transition to long-distance, their relationship has a weaker chance of surviving. And seven, validation. Validation is the last chapter in the book. Partners in a successful long distance relationship will find themselves returning to the stage again and again. While the unsuccessful ones might end in stage six, doubt, study show that the long-distance partners are just as satisfied with their relationships as close distance partners when their partner actively listen to them and responded in positive ways. This means although long-distance partners were not face to face they still felt like their relationship improved after phone or online communication, as long as they could tell their partner supported them. This study points to the importance of disclosure and open and honest conversations to build trust and validation. Long-distance relationships are high maintenance, but very rewarding. Once partners decide to commit to a long-distance relationship, they'll inevitably go through new experiences without their partner. may come with jealousy and doubts, but they also offer an opportunity for partners to step back and re-evaluate their relationship. And if they find themselves choosing each other again and again, then their relationship has a strong chance of working out. Are you in a long-distance relationship now? Have you observed these stages in such relationships around you? Do let us know in the comments below. Also remember to like and share this video with those who are or in the near future might be in a long-distance relationship. Don't forget to subscribe to Psych2Go and hit the notification icon for more videos. Thanks for watching. (acoustic music continues)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [1300 likes]: Feeling down and need some naruto flute music to cheer you up? Watch https://youtu.be/p8CBDLR60nI :0
  2. @OceanChannelProductions [3 likes]: The Doubt thing is real. And i feel a lot of anxiety after a few days since the last call
  3. @nearbutdistant [1 likes]: Sometimes I wonder if the other person feels this too, or if I’m the only one holding onto something that’s already fading.
  4. @Tuxedo_Official-Edits [1 likes]: Im crying... me and my Ex never worked out... im still in highschool he is already working and has a job... once i finish school hes going to America for a new job... i cant visit him because i have so much stress and my family doesnt approve of us... (our age difference is 4 years) 
Hes had so many peaple ask him out yet he had to break their hearts just waiting for me... i didn't want him to put his life on hold for me.. so i said he can be in a different relationship... we promised we will wait for each other but...

Promises are never meant to last....
  5. @rdi9344: Well I've moved in finally with my GF after 3 years of long distance, and wanted to just see if any of the things on the vid would be interesting and I just remembered moments and connected with almost most points but im so proud and happy we made !
  6. @Kxr2008: I'm starting out a ldr with someone I really love we aren't official yet but she wants it and I want it to so I'm just trying to be ready when it happens
  7. @mochiandpochi009: 🥰
  8. @Alexa-25a: Had a LDR for 6 months, i was the happiest I've ever been, he left me then, this was 2 yrs ago. Then he saw other women in his city, ihad another relationship but it was awful, later on, i still hoped it returns until he dates another woman, the world still crumbles all around me to this day, I loved and love him too much...😢 (i was committed despite the distance, why it has to be so awful?)
  9. @karolinastrnadova7638: Having long distance relasionship 1year And im guessing were in time fór our selfs  ill Always Chosé my bf but not sure if He sees út thé same fór Now i dont want to anoi him And not talking fór hole days  moustly také IT as my falt :( 
Could someone Tell mě what to do
  10. @Versatile668: Not long distance of any kind in my account not romantically not sexually not relationship not long distance from Kansas
  11. @slowly2717: well this is what awaits me and my girl, she’s leaving for college next year, its still so far away yet so close, and im really scared of it, but im sure we’ll pull through.
  12. @Treds_YT_: Currently yes, I met her online and I am constantly getting attacked by anxiety that she might one day have "fun" in bed while I didn't know.

But my trust and love to her never lets me get eaten by that thought, I just hope she won't do that....cause I really committed myself to her. I push away females so that I won't make her jealous and make her trust me. I really love her to the bottom of my heart. If I lose her then I will probably just off, I made my dreams and hopes to meeting her and making her happy one day. Providing and giving her whatever she wants and needs.
  13. @MizamoMdekazi: Yes, I have been in a long relationship this past few months and all of this steps in this video I have experienced all of them and I'm still trying to figure my relationship out
  14. @MauriceMotoMan: Had to slow this down for my gf who sat next to me as we have a neighbour that has a long distance relationship.
She's still learning english so i slowed down the speed obly to have the host sound drunk😂😂😂😂
  15. @nathanielschmiedecke9928: Hey, Idk if you'll every see this or not because of the age of this video but...I just saw my girlfriend in person and we had a fantastic time. but i live 6 hours away and i just got back home yesterday and i wont lie my heart hurts really bad and i miss her, is there somthing i can do to just ease it a bit to where i can try to stay strong enough to see her again? if you read this then thank you for your time. i hope god blesses you.
  16. @DuneTheKaiju: ... What about an online poly relationship 😭 I have two gfs
  17. @renticat: I wish there is serious ones but mostly it's not real. They never come.
  18. @AvaLovesisac: I
  19. @MunguldeiGanzorig: We passed almost a year together but my boy friend and his family made a decision to immigrate another country even another continent. Our time difference 13-14. We’ve been like this for five months now. We are starting to face psychological issues and misunderstandings from now on. But I believe we can overcome this and make the happiest life ever.
  20. @cal_ii: we broke up yall

- 6 Tips on Maintaining Long Distance Relationships: Kind: captions Language: en It's popular relieved that long-distance relationships never work out But sometimes absence does make the heart grow fonder and people learn to take their partners less for granted when they're not always around It's also worth noting that some couples far away from each other feel closer than couples who live with each other Because they're more willing to communicate their problems with one another. It all boils down to one word: Effort. Here's six tips on maintaining long-distance relationships 1. Give them a personal gift to hold on to. Before the two of you depart give each other something you can hold on to and remember one another by A few examples you may be inspired by include exchanging nightlights, stuffed animals, jewelry, hoodies or mugs What you decide to give your partner doesn't have to be big or expensive Instead focus on how the object has served to bring meaning into your life. 2. Set routines and learn about each other's schedules. Time zones can be tricky, but learn to appreciate the differences. This can teach you the value of patience and remind you that relationships don't thrive or grow from moments of instant gratification Once you and your partner gets settled in and adjust to your new lifestyles, let each other know about your schedules and routines Depending on how much of a difference your time zone is You may need to take turns accommodating to each other's availability to set up Skype dates or phone calls It may sound daunting But once the two of you figure out a rhythm that works for the both of you the rest will set sail. 3. Build trust and try not to jump to conclusions or assume the worst. Life can be unpredictable. So sometimes things come up such as family emergencies, working overtime or illness that may interrupt your usual communication patterns rather than worrying about whether your partner is cheating on you or if they've grown bored of the relationship and may be spending more time with their friends know that there's no actual proof or evidence to back up those anxious thoughts. Build trust with your partner and ask each other how you're feeling, rather than bottling up insecurity and making the walls bigger Getting answers directly from your partner is better than over analyzing and filling in those gaps yourself. 4. It's not about how often you talk to each other, instead, focus on quality communication. Consistent communication is important when the two of you are apart from each other, especially when the physical aspect of the relationship is absent But too much of it can also backfire and leave the two of you feeling smothered or burnt out rather than texting each other every hour of the day, find balance and moderation and focus on the quality of your conversations instead of how frequently the two of you talk You may come to find that the more you talk to each other the more you end up talking about the same things in circles Rather than delving into a meaningful conversation that makes you appreciate each other's intellect ideas and perspectives. 5. Make time to see each other, but know that every visit may not be ideal, and that's ok. When you visit each other you may want to make the best out of your time together and plan to do exciting things But we're all human so allow room for flexibility instead of perfection There may be times when you're exhausted from traveling back and forth and just want to stay in and watch a movie with your partner Or perhaps there's a delay in your flight that may bleed into your dinner reservations Doing fun activities and bonding with your partner is important but sometimes it's good to just play things by ear and go with the flow Remember it's about the company you're with and not necessarily what the two of you do 6. Embrace the challenges together. Long distance relationships are difficult, but don't let the challenges tear you apart Instead embrace them together Sometimes your insecurities may get the best of you Consequently, you may believe the two of you would be better off breaking up and meeting new people Take a step back and think about why you held on for so long in the first place Whether the two of you are apart because you're going to different schools or because of a job promotion know that the long distance is only temporary and that you're working on yourselves before the two of you can be together again It's a common misconception to think that in order for relationships to work One person has to sacrifice their needs and desires for the other In reality, this is how relationships often break apart when people feel stifled and can't grow together Never lose sight of the big picture and don't give up! Have you ever been or are currently in a long-distance relationship? Do you have some tips on how to deal with one? Feel for to share your thoughts in the comments below If you like this video be sure to check out our website and other social media as well as our patreon account for more content And don't forget to subscribe. Thanks for watching!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [6900 likes]: Happy Monday everyone! Are you in a long distance relationship?
  2. @GenderFluidPerson-y6y [2 likes]: I loved her . . .
  3. @AMAZING_Dancer [2 likes]: I'm new in this LDR my head hurts with so much thinking since I left. I'm here to find solutions but the comments 😢

I don't know what to do.
  4. @Persian-delight [1 likes]: Just started a long distance and I already dislike it. 

We are at different stages in life and not good in communication.

Sending love and hugs and strength to all the couples out there
  5. @mbathrick [1 likes]: My beloved Oksana lives in Odessa, Ukraine and I live in Pennsylvania. Every time we make plans to get together, the world steps in and foils our plans, between flooding, missile attacks, unemployment or government red tape, we never seem to be able to be together. 

These issues have cemented our relationship and we are more determined than ever to be together.
  6. @Dino_Puppy_ARTS: Thank you! I've been looking for how to do this because I have my sight sets on someone...I wanted to be the best partner I could be before I tried, this helps a lot❤
  7. @xxsidekickxx7287: One tip lmao vrchar or any vr social game 😂
  8. @Opal_trans12: I can't do number one yet since..we haven't met yettt ><
  9. @nearbutdistant: I’ve watched a lot of relationship content, but this is one of the few that actually explains what’s happening instead of just labeling it. It makes a lot of things I felt finally make sense.
  10. @Treds_YT_: I got a gf currently in the japan and I need this tips so that I can be better and make even our conversation very exciting for her. Thank you alot for this tips❤
  11. @ItZzMidNight99: @Psych2go

Listen, I just had some insecure feelings and i just logged in to her instagram account and it seems like she found out, My heart pounds with guiltyness, Anyone can help me wht to do?? I better apologize right??
  12. @Brinspiras: Someone in 2026?
  13. @klutch89: I don't think there's any tips In LDR....you don't get to see the person every day that's the MAIN REASON WHY IT NEVER WORKS okay you can't physically be there all the time or whenever you want and then when it doesn't work out you're stuck in obsessive feelings for her especially if she's with someone else and you feel trapped it's one of the worst situations to be in facts
  14. @CrimsonAkatsuki: What if I’ve never seen her irl, and can’t visit
  15. @Crocodiletoast68249: i like a guy that lives 21 hours away. (1 hour time difference) we aren't dating but what am i supposed to do 😭
we met from him DMing me first and we chatted for like 4 hours after losing track of time
  16. @zackyzombie129: What about long distance relationship with a person in another country
  17. @alexaD97: Why did I got this when my LDR just failed
  18. @MrudulMande: everytime i feel insecure or doubtful I just tell myself - its so easy to cheat, and distance has nothing to do with it. even if you live together some people have got cheated on. so if he/she have not done it when you were together, he/she won't do it when you are far.
  19. @aemery8898: I’m super late to this video, but I’m currently in a long distance relationship and we text eachother almost everyday, mainly just as a check in or to talk about anything new or interesting in our lives as well. We think about quality AND quantity. We make sure to stay in touch often to make sure we’re doing ok. Quantity doesn’t matter TOO much to us though, so I’d say just text when you feel you need to (or want to sometimes). Don’t chat too much, but not chatting enough is bad too. You do you guys! 🩷
  20. @InteriorMMC: THANK U SM FOR THIS VIDEO, U MADE ME FEEL BETTER. I am 15 and currently i have a ldr with a girl (same age), and i started thoughting that she was cheating on me, cuz she started chatting less and a bit different. But with this video i understood the probabilties of that, and now im no long stressed!

- THIS HAPPENS In Long Distance Relationships ALL THE TIME | Jay Shetty: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yeah yeah I'm good I'm good you know really just staying in meaning can't we talk right now Oh SBT I am I'll quit below right this happens in long-distance relationships all the time whether it's time differences conflicting work shadows or just different energy levels at different times during the day we find a great distance a great disconnect and a great interference in the way we communicate with each other communication in relationships is already hard enough and long distance relationships add a whole new level of complexity they say distance means so little when someone means so much but still somehow distance has this ability to break bonds to break trust to really push us further away from each other not just physically but emotionally here are the five genuine pieces of advice and principles from the long-distance relationships number one if the relationship matters the distance doesn't don't let being far from someone make you push them further away number two make sure you share the little moments of joy all the small moments in your day that brighten it up with that other person number three one of the most important things is to make allotted and prioritize time for each other it's going to be difficult to just reach each other spontaneously so it's important that it's become a part of your priority number four remember to build your own personal life and remember it's okay for the other person to build theirs don't try and control or hold someone back by having incredible experiences invest in yourself and allow the other person to grow and evolve in their own way and the fifth and final one talk to the struggles and hard feeling texting is a brilliant way to miss communicate how you feel and misinterpret what other people need don't try and text through the tough conversations make sure you talk through them and remember long distance relationships are hard but they can also be incredible when you learn to respect trust and love someone from a distance you'll be absolutely unstoppable when you're together

  Top Comments:
  1. @saidelbash2121 [2 likes]: Watching in 2025, and its painful
  2. @MsEilma-f4g [2 likes]: 2025....❤
  3. @Nnebekee-dondyk [1 likes]: Oh wow! Anyone watching in 2026?😂
  4. @IgiranezaTimothy [1 likes]: Anyone watching in 2026.May God bless us who are in Long Distance Relationships.
  5. @LereboAbara [1 likes]: የረጅም ርቀት ግንኙነቶች በጣም ከባድ ሊሆኑ ይችላሉ. ርቀትን ሲጨምሩ በግንኙነቶች ውስጥ መግባባት ቀድሞውንም ፈታኝ ነው። በእርስዎ ግንኙነት ላይ ለውጥ የሚያደርጉ 5 የተረጋገጡ ምክሮች እዚህ አሉ።
  6. @ReleaseWhatHurts [1 likes]: This spoke straight to my heart. Distance really tests love in ways we never expect
  7. @soulerflare7: I love my fiance so much , thank you for this .
  8. @mridulbhagat226: Very Nice
😄😄
  9. @DeepTalksWithDean: This video really resonates. Long distance relationships aren’t easy, but the way you explained the importance of communication and trust felt very real and comforting.
I especially loved the quotes you included — simple but powerful, and they truly capture what people in long distance relationships go through.
Thank you for sharing such thoughtful and meaningful content. Your channel is helping people feel understood and less alone — please keep creating more like this 🙏
  10. @GAMINGKAVI-ef5oh: I'm a girl.we both are 21 and he's from Pakistan I'm from sri lanka  he is my first love and he's first love also me . But there's a problem between religion.😭 but I can't forget him and we both want to live our  lives together . Wish we could make it oneday ✨
  11. @nearbutdistant: Yeah, you’re right… but it’s still painful being this far from someone who feels that close.
  12. @nearbutdistant: Thanks great video🎉
  13. @HakikaHasana: The best video of all times
  14. @renticat: It's not real if he doesn't even come. I can't cause i am broke. But he can just making excuses. Well i am nto worth it but he loves to waste my time. I am jealous with people who are serious and make it work
  15. @klutch89: Long distance SUCKS you can't see the person every day then infidelity ends up happening...I'm not dating ANYONE that doesn't live in my city anymore I'm done with this
  16. @siriusthedog5270: I'm not for this... I just go up and down all the time. It's so hard.
  17. @VELASR-AndolsunZamana: There’s a hidden assumption here that changes the takeaway.
  18. @wajahathassan8215: When you respect, trust and love someone from a distance, you'll be unstoppable when you are together ❤️
  19. @BluerangerRedcia: Im in a realationship have not seen her ..im stuck???? Is she with another man?? Im just thinkin about myself
  20. @Thebeyondknowledgehub: in a long-distance relationship with a girl I truly care about. It's been just over 4 weeks, but our emotional connection is deep. We both come from same cultural backgrounds with strong family values, and we’ve opened up to each other in different ways.

I’m more intense and expressive, I’ve already confessed my feelings multiple times. She says she likes me, cares about me, feel safe while talking and wants to take things seriously, but she's also confused, reserved, and says she needs more time to open up and fully understand what she feels. She's also handling work pressure and personal emotional baggage from her past what I have understood..

I’m struggling between, Wanting to express freely but my mind is saying me to stay in control

Wanting her deeply vs. fearing I might be too available and lose self-respect

Loving truly vs. doubting if she loves me or just the idea of me...
We’ve made some promises to be with each other and see where it goes. But it’s confusing
Am I too much?
Is she hiding behind “I need time”?
Will this ever reach commitment?
Or am I emotionally investing in a maybe?

- How to make long-distance relationships work: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone welcome or welcome back I'm Anna a Clinical Psychology doctoral intern and today we're going to be talking about a couple of studies on long-distance relationships specifically do they last which ones last which ones don't what can you do to make them last and what can you do when the relationship goes from long distance to geographically close to help strengthen it so first I'm going to talk about some of the key points from the research articles then I'm going to give you my own clinical and personal observations after that I'm going to give you the main takeaways from the Articles and some tips for people who are in long-distance relationships who are about to become geographically close but also what we can learn from long distance research even if you're not in one you know what couples in general can learn from the literature on long-distance relationships and then actually I have some questions for you the audience because I'm curious how the research on this topic matches my audience's experience and if you are an OG follower then you might recognize this topic but I wanted to give it a revamp [Music] thank you all right so let's go into the key points from these two articles that I love so much the older literature is contradictory but more recent research suggests that long distance relationships are just as strong or sometimes even stronger than geographically close relationships it is not the geographical closeness that matters for determining whether a couple is going to last or how satisfied they are with each other but rather these subjective experiences and attitudes of the partners involved in it long distance relationships break up at similar rates to geographically close relationships there just as in love they're just as satisfied they have even lower levels of aggression and better levels of communication what is associated with better outcomes for long-distance relationships well we know that more face-to-face time is associated with increased trust if you're trying to decide between seeing them next week or seeing them the following week go for the next week paradoxically one of the studies said that greater distance is correlated with better outcomes for relationships and there isn't a clear causality behind this because like I said it's paradoxical we would expect it to be the opposite where if you're just a little bit closer then it's easier to cope with a relationship being long distance researchers suggest maybe it's due to cognitive dissonance maybe the distance helps people idealize their partner more maybe they are investing in other parts of the relationship more because they're afar and they don't have that many options they can only focus on bettering emotional intimacy communication things of that sort when you're far away the time that you do get to spend together feels more precious it's cherished more when you're further away you don't get to see your partner in everyday life and so it's easier to idealize them you don't get to see their flaws up close and personal you can kind of picture them however you want to picture them or you might feel a need to overcompensate if your partner is very far away to make sure that the fire is alive in the relationship one thing that the researchers didn't mention that I thought was an interesting theory is the idea that when you are closer together it kind of begs the question well why aren't you in the same location you know if one person is living let's say 30 45 minutes away from the other why aren't they bridging that Gap so I wonder if that might be part of the reason why geographically distant but not that distant couples have bigger trouble than the ones who are really far away because the ones who are really far away they understand you know if you're in London and the other person's in Dubai it's going to be very difficult to see each other it's the forces of nature against you but if one of you is in London and the others in Manchester very different situation where there might be more of a pressure for one person to want the other to move to where they are so that is one thing that greater distance is associated with better outcomes less time between visits is associated with a better intimate life shall we say this certainly makes sense a higher amount of certainty about what the future looks like who is going to move where when is the long distance piece of the relationship going to end that is associated with better outcomes positive attitude towards long-distance relationships this was really interesting but people who believed that long-distance relationships can work and that they can be just as healthy and happy they tended to have happier relationships in turn they had high rates of relationship satisfaction and better communication this also makes a lot of sense if you think about for instance someone going into a job interview if they think that this job interview is going to be terrible then it stands to reason that it's probably not going to be wonderful for them if they're going into it with that attitude same thing applies here and those who manage their own psychological distress and who help their partner also manage theirs have lower amounts of overall distress in the relationship and higher amounts of relationship quality so if while you are apart you can sort of manage your own issues going on that can be very helpful for the relationship now when long-distance relationships turn into geographically close relationships that is a huge turning point for these couples now about half of long-distance relationships end up breaking up and have stayed together which is more or less typical for geographically close relationships as well of the ones who moved to the same place about a third breakup within three months of being in the same place this is interesting because a lot of people would think that by Nature ridging that Gap bridging that distance between couples will solve many of the issues associated with long-distance relationships right that actually turns out not to be the case because while he has certain issues disappear new issues appear as well people in this position often mention missing the novelty in the autonomy that came with being in a long-distance relationship they no longer have as much Freedom or privacy they feel controlled they feel like they need to check in with their partner things that initially was not possible for their partner to do when there was distance you know it's not like you can text your partner every second of the day like hey what are you doing can you come over when you're long distance couples that bridge that distance also find that they ReDiscover their partner both positive and negative traits they discover things that were special about their partner that maybe they didn't realize they also start to see their partners flaws on display a lot more you can't idealize someone quite as well if they're right in front of you you cannot project your fantasy onto them when they are there a full-fledged multi-dimensional being that is proving you wrong during this transition period some couples drift away and others actually get closer as you would expect people find it a lot more difficult to balance the relationship with their other responsibilities now before they don't need to carve out as much time to see their partner they could just go about the reek maybe make plans to sue their partner in six weeks or six months or however long but now that they're living in the same place they have to keep into account the relationship as well and that can add an additional responsibility this turning point is also associated with increased conflict increased jealousy makes sense you know now that you are in the same location you can maybe meet your partner's friends see how they spend their time see how they interact with other people you know are they being flirtatious with other people that is a lot of opportunity for jealousy to form before what you didn't know couldn't hurt you and the vast majority of couples experiencing this turning point about 85 percent say that they miss at least one aspect of the long-distance nature of the relationship whether it's the closeness that they got ironically by being distant the anticipation or novelty autonomy time management ease overall the study talks about how moving to the same place is neither positive nor negative it is a mix of both for most people and there is that tension between connection and autonomy which I'll get into a little bit more in a second but this brings up something interesting which is that separation can actually strengthen a relationship it can make quality time feel a lot more special you would think that this would make a couple last longer right that a couple who was initially long distance who had that special aspect of their closeness once they move to the same location would have a far stronger relationship than the average couple actually according to the research this is not always necessarily the case because once you become geographically close with that person the thing things that maybe you didn't know about them become a parent and it doesn't matter how emotionally intimate you were with someone when you weren't that close with them if once you are close with them you learn things that do not mesh well with you that relationship is still going to deteriorate so it's not always going to fare well in terms of commitment it could strengthen the relationship while you're apart but when that distance ends that could mean that you're still not necessarily going to end up together and this brings up an interesting question of like well is there ever a situation where you would stay long distance forever I don't know many people that enjoy the longing for their partner that comes with being long distance but let me know in the comments if this is something that you would ever do if you would reap the benefits of being long distance forever with someone okay so let's get into some clinical observations here what have I noticed as a therapist working with largely young adults who tend to be in long-distance relationships more than older adults if neither person wants to budge on where they want to live on how they are going to close that distance between them there is very little you can do to save a relationship and I've seen the situation over and over again with couples where they're kind of figuring it out okay what are we going to do what is the future of our relationship and when they realize that neither person is willing to budge the relationship ends because there's not much else you can do it's really just a matter of delaying the breakup something like this really is an incompatibility and a deal breaker for a lot of people because like I mentioned the vast majority of people are not going to want to be far away from their partner forever I've also noticed that there's a ton of power struggle between deciding who gets to move where there's a power struggle associated with the decision itself but the decision itself also reflects a lot of the power dynamics in the relationship so if one person tends to call all the shots and the other is more submissive that becomes apparent in the way that they manage this turning point when there's someone in a relationship ship who is very stubborn and unwilling to compromise that reflects in the long distance relationship decision you know that person is probably not going to move where the other partner is but it's not the location itself that's the problem it's this person's stubbornness and you might want to be so important to your partner that they're willing to make that sacrifice for you so it can build a lot of resentment if you find out that that's not the case especially if you were usually the one bending over backwards trying to accommodate them and then they're not willing to do this big decision either I do think that the distance can prolong that idealization phase that we associate with like the honeymoon phase but again remember that that idealization doesn't always result in long-term commitment but when it does boy does it feel awesome so what are the takeaways from this literature your relationship is not doomed to fail if you are in a long-distance relationship you have the same chance of making it as non-long-distance relationships do and if you have this belief that long distance relationships don't last you might be shooting yourself in the foot you might be setting yourself up for a self-fulfilling profit scene your attitude on this matters way more than the objective statistics it matters more than how far away you are from your partner or who moves where when along the same lines if your partner has this aversion to long-distance relationships or this beliefs that they don't last or just personally doesn't want to be in one it's probably not worth it to try to convince them because they are that person that is most likely to not last in a long-distance relationship if you are trying to decide whether to move to different locations for a short or long period of time don't try to convince them if they say that they're not going to be happy in one they're probably not going to be happy in one so either try to not be far apart or just break up and I've witnessed this firsthand in my personal life with people that say you know I don't want to be in a long-distance relationship and it can feel a little bit heartbreaking for the partner that's hearing that because of course everyone wants to feel like they're so special to their partner that their partner would make that sacrifice for them but honestly it's not about you it's about them because I've seen this with couples who intend to even marry each other who one person says to the other no like I'm not going to be in a long-distance relationship with you if you move to this place then we're going to break up they're probably the type of person that wouldn't make that sacrifice for anyone it's probably not personal to you and if you want to be with someone who is willing to make that sacrifice for you I'm sure that you can find someone who will so just keep that in mind do try to get as much face-to-face time as possible and to visit each other frequently a very open conversations about when you're going to live in the same place and where that's going to be and try to keep an open mind both for yourself and your partner try not to be too bogged down and uncertainty or in being very certain that one person doesn't want something plan for the future try to find common goals and solutions together don't keep it in long-distance relationship indefinitely because remember this might mean that it works right now while you're long distance but that's not necessarily going to make you last once you're in the same location and wouldn't want to know that sooner rather than later so do be aware that becoming geographically close after you were a long distance couple is a major turning point that comes with a lot of stressors and new challenges that you might not expect it's not going to solve all your issues far from it for one don't expect to have the same perks and Independence that you had when you were long distance you know if you want the connection associated with being close to your partner geographically you're going to have to give from other things you know sometimes people think that they can have it all they can have this super connected emotionally intimate relationship and be super autonomous and independent all the time it's not like that you can't have 100 and 100 sometimes it's going to be a little bit of a push and pull yes your partner might start wanting you to consider their schedule too when you're planning out your week yeah they might get jealous by the way you interact with certain people in your life also when you're going into this transitional period try to remember that this idealized version of your partner that you have in your head right now is not necessarily realistic you're going to learn certain things about them that it might not be quite as favorable that might shatter that fantasy a little bit and remember that this is a full-fledged human being they're going to have some flaws and is going to be your decision to decide is this something that can work with me or not but don't expect them to be perfect and don't expect them to be a fantasy be prepared to deal with some of the scheduling difficulties that come with living in the same location as your partner expect that both yourself and your partner have multiple responsibilities that you need to prioritize be prepared for increased conflict and jealousy be prepared to feel like you're rediscovering your partner both the great parts and the not so great parts it might feel like you're meeting your partner all over again and do understand that the image they may have portrayed for themselves electronically or the image that you had of them in your head might be romanticized your partner may have withheld certain things about them that you might be a little bit shocked by also understand that this transitional period can result in either the escalation or the de-escalation of this relationship so either you're going to get much more serious pretty quickly or you're going to drift apart and either one is fine just let the dominoes fall where they will all couples whether they last or not tend to experience less autonomy increased conflict more face-to-face time increase jealousy so just keep that in mind the ones that will break up as a result of these changes are going to find that in their opinion their partner has a lot more negative traits that they're discovering rather than positive traits that they're discovering they will feel more strongly about that loss of autonomy and actually end up decreasing the quality time together even if to Face Time doesn't necessarily decrease the quality time could and they will miss that novelty and anticipation that came with being in a long distance relationship a lot more than the people who decide they really like being close to their partner regardless of whether or not you're long distance or not I think that this research can really highlight some ways to strengthen your relationship distance makes the heart grow fonder you know we know that doing things apart for a while can help you come back together with new things to talk about with new experiences rather than just you know if you spend every waking moment together and you have nothing to catch each other up on it can feel a little bit like you're just living in tandem like there's nothing new or interesting to share so don't be afraid of those work trips or those girls nights or those Sunday brunches those give you an opportunity to come back to your partner and share something interesting with them when you do spend time together make sure that it is quality time together and that it deepens your connection not just mindlessly scrolling on Tick Tock when you're spending time together try to build a sense of novelty and anticipation in your relationship whether it's trying out new activities flirting throughout the day in anticipation for a date that you have coming up talking about how excited you are for your plans keeping things spicy make sure that that anticipation and Novelty is there even when you're in the same location and lastly respect each other's autonomy respect that the other person is going to have responsibilities and that you do as well and time management might be a little bit of a workaround sometimes try to go into it playfully rather than really rigidly lastly the questions that I have for you feel free to answer these if they resonate with you have you been or are you in a long-distance relationship what is it like what was the outcome of that or if you don't know what do you think it might be did you resonate with the findings of these studies and specifically I think I'm most curious about that transition from long distance to geographically close if you made it to that stage how did it change your relationship did you last or not hope you have a great day give this video a like and don't forget to subscribe if you want to see more of this and I'll see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @AnaPsychology [26 likes]: I am SO excited to announce that I've launched a 4+ hour relationship skills course: psychologywithdrana.learnworlds.com/course/the-connection-course

For those of you who like videos such as this one and want more, definitely check it out :)
  2. @veyane [1 likes]: thank you for the help — i know it is not me but them, but i wonder if i want someone who will make that sacrifice for me, or whether im okay with a partner who would not make that sacrifice for me. i instinctively want the first but i’m not sure if i can also accept the second. i guess i need to keep growing and see
  3. @loycos3648 [1 likes]: My partner and i were long distance for 2.5 years, over 9 hours time zone difference, different hemispheres. We moved in together 6 months ago, still going strong and happier than ever 😊
  4. @Aliuj98 [1 likes]: we are both 17 rn and im going to see her for a month in October i live in the uk and she lives in Australia
  5. @a.v.d.s.2216 [1 likes]: My ex and I met online, and had a LDR for one year before I moved to her country and lived together. Relationship fell apart in the matter of months because she started cheating left and right. It was not fun.
  6. @charmaineanngalas5136: this is so helpful for me
  7. @martinnel1347: I was in a perfect relationship for 5 years. She moved to another country to work as an air hostess. 1 hour difference except when she flies around.

We were absolutely happy before but 6 months in I became depressed as I became dependent on the lifestyle we had together before.

I was completely confident we'd be fine but as my depression grew (not seeing het family, the long distance being indefinite, and massive work stress), we grew distant.

How can one manage an indefinite long distance relationship?

We broke up even though we both still love each other because we want to figure out how this would work.
  8. @NomadwithR: He broke up with me right before my flight to him. He mentioned that our last call before the flight was too much for him to handle so he withdrew and not even wanna have a discussion face to face with me
  9. @shawnellemartineaux6212: Maybe the ones who are far away are stronger because other confounding factors. E.g. You are more likely to meet a partner who is far away if you travel. You're more likely to travel with high SES. High SES people tend to be more educated. Acquiring education requires a more determined personality. So. Perhaps a similar reason more educated women get married and stay married. The personalities likely to get into such relationships are qualitatively different.
  10. @chainsawmay: I am curious about the difference between couples who started together in person and then did long distance.
  11. @luv2groov: I’m wanting to watch this but you edited it to make it too fast.  I can’t keep up with your speed.  Can you tell me why you edit so fast?  Don’t you understand that a pause allows people to digest what you’re saying?  People don’t talk like that in real life why do you do it in videos. ?  Is it YouTube doing it automatically?  Do you get something for making it shorter?
  12. @jestnest: Thank you for this. You just don't know what you've done to fix things here
  13. @alexanderadavar6439: My girlfriend and I have been living in the same city (not same house) for 2 years and dating for 2 years with regular contact and now we are being forced apart due to her visa issue, i trust her 1000% and she is absolutely my person but I am just so terrified right now.
  14. @JimmyBickerdike: Yes I am in a long-distance relationship with my girlfriend we knew each other as kids now we found each other we've been texting and talking on the phone for the last 8 months and now she's not with me I'm beginning to have mostly feelings and I can feel her presence like she's with me what does that mean
  15. @MatthewJanoscoJanosco: I met this amazing woman online it seems that we very close and have alot in common and want alot of same things in a relationship we live about 16hrs away from each we dicuss that she will move with me right now because of money needs to be saved to get a bigger place for her and her son for us to be together we talked about a year being the deadline for her to move with me we almost seem to know each so well but we never met before what do you think we talk everyday by text and sending pics
  16. @PhoebusG: Very grounded, good things to consider... very helpful to help people decide or improve their thinking on LDRs.
  17. @FeliciaStands: Yes he’s 30/40 minutes away and has young kids and I have adults kids. It’s becoming harder to maintain and our work hours are almost opposite 😢
  18. @PhoenixPrince5: No offense, but researching something is not the same as going through. It experience is more powerful than books smarts
  19. @CMarieG: My partner is in Sweden and I am in Texas. We also have cultural differences as he is Pakistani and I am Caucasian American. We are still in the haven't met each other stage yet, but I have so far in my 41 years never connected with someone quite like this. We were both previously married, both have kids, he is 5 months older than me (about to be 42). Neither one of us saw this coming, we met on a forum. We discussed whether we want to pursue this, given all the obvious factors involved, and both emphatically agreed, yes, though neither has endeavored this prior to us choosing each other. He is a beautiful Soul, and I am enthusiastic to see where this goes. He comes here in the Winter! ❤
  20. @Licahma: What if she says she doesn’t like long distance relationships, but plans on visiting and seeing me

- If You're In A Long Distance Relationship - WATCH THIS | by Jay Shetty: Kind: captions Language: en no one ever knows when it's going to happen you date a little talk a lot next thing you know you're in a relationship but then reality strikes long-distance relationships are tough they come with all sorts of challenges all the same ones as normal relationships but they're stretched because of distance long-distance relationships are especially tough when they're you trust can I trust this person when they're not with me are they thinking about me do they miss me loyalty can I trust myself when I'm not with them what if someone else makes me feel more special and I get carried away time will they make time for me will they have time for me well the time difference work priority will they make me a priority am i a real priority for them these are pretty much the same in any relationship but are completely heightened in a long-distance relationship if you want to make a long-distance relationship work there are a few things you need to know you have to decide realistic commitments for communication now everyone wants things to be spontaneous and random but this is the way it will truly work when you make a plan to speak at the same time every day or the same time every week that makes it much more realistic for both of you to commit to that and to be able to see whether the other person actually cares you also want to have a contingency plan if someone isn't able to make a call or FaceTime or meet then have a backup already in mind be really clear about who you're spending time with in your private lives it's not worth someone finding out something through a picture on Instagram on social media right even if it's tough or awkward at first it's better to be transparent in the beginning because that's definitely the right thing to do surprise visits are amazing when they work but make sure it's working both ways reflect on how important this relationship is to you and whether the long distance relationship is truly worth it it's really important that you don't feel pressure in your personal in a long time if you're spending time with your family or your friends and you're worrying about what the other person will be thinking or doing that's something you really need to talk through and finally know that arguments will happen disagreements will occur but if you follow what's in this video you minimize those and avoid a lot of the insignificant ones that don't remember long distance only gets tough when you truly let it get between me I'm sorry I I just can't do this anymore you [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @dieci10la2012: It’s so exciting but so hard, every moment together is magnified but leaving them is hell.   I really wanted to make it work but she was never sure and finally gave up.  😢
  2. @TheMango-n3w: (Currently in a LD RLS 2025- Florida and Minnesota)


Okay. What if your mate is overly playing the game and is making less time to talk with you?

I really dont want the love to die just because we hardly says words  when I finally have him for maybe 1 hour out of 24 hours in our days.

Over where he is, he works, sleeps, and play the game. Out of 100 percent of attention im likely to be 5-10% of his worries or attention in his day

It wasnt like this before one day for a month its lasted. Before this, situation, we'll wake> talk some> fall asleep on call for energy for work> Work> Its late night and we talk and catch up > sleep again 

Then repeat. Now?

(EYE) Sleep while he plays the game for maybe 6 to 8 hours, ignores that im on call while he plays not saying much to me, then gets sleepy and says a few words to me before he sleeps for 8 hours while (IM AWAKE), then gets "busy", then plays the game while IM sleep... and repeats. Theres no space for a conversation anymore.

I want help and save this while were still fresh before its to late. Ive tried knocking on his head about his long hours of playing and mentioning I feel left out or forgotten. But me waving a flag in his face doesnt change anything and again its been a month. 

How long we've been tg? Almost a Month.😢

Im stuck. While hes having fun.
  3. @AtLanTis-mx8vz: It's easy to commit when your partner is near,but it takes trust and dedication to be loyal in a long distance. That's why love is tested in long distance.
  4. @AtLanTis-mx8vz: When two people lives in same city or area, it's easy to meet and most people actually don't love their partners, they just pretend to love her/him to get what they want like companionship and physical needs,and then when they move apart they break up with each other 😅😂😂. Because now they don't get what they use to get ( physical needs) 😂.
  5. @FTRPLXSMABLXST: I just found this video thanks,i really needed it as i am young and i just needed to make sure that, I'm doing the right things,this video saved me from the bad thoughts
  6. @TabethShoko: I pray the hardwork goes worth it 🙏🙏🙏
  7. @alisonscreen: 14 years together I am in England he is in Turkey we talk every day he is so caring and loving
  8. @gracejasinthpriyadarsini2489: Awesome speech l love ❤
  9. @aiden_zae: ldr first timer here. its reaaaaaallllyyyyy tough
  10. @John-3692: I'm completely absorbed in this. I had the pleasure of reading something similar, and it was truly absorbing. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  11. @John-3692: I'm completely absorbed in this. I had the pleasure of reading something similar, and it was truly absorbing. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  12. @Kyle-ii4fp: F*CK long distance! Knowing how many rich ppl have money while I struggle and if someone just helped id be with the one.. The rich suck !!!
  13. @KoQuitlam88: I am in relationship with a Canadian woman. I am living in the Netherlands. It’s challenging sometimes. 9 hour timezone difference for instance. We have our schedule for contact moments and it works great. The physical part is for me most difficult part. But we remember eachother that is just temporary and we will be together in future❤️
  14. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  15. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  16. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  17. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  18. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  19. @frozensmoke5027: I am not good enough first of all, but I can't trust the words from the person I fell in love with  for all the actions
  20. @duranl9268: This help me so much with my sba

- The Subtle Art of Losing Yourself - Full Life Changing Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - The great teachers of history all taught know thyself. They promised when we understand who we really are, we gain wisdom and with wisdom, we live in peace. Looking at everything that's happening in the world, the whole self-awareness and peace thing could do with some work. But I can vouch - living in peace is hard. But I have found through trying to be less confused and anxious that humanity's discovered some awesome things about who we are that have helped me feel more grounded, less confused, but I'm still on my journey, which is why I'm here in the Cairngorms, some of the fiercest nature that the UK has to offer to see what being in nature can teach us about our nature. And so I invite you to join me for the adventure. We're gonna see what are these great teachings that can help us live with wisdom and can we not just rely on other people? What can we learn about ourselves through our own intuition? And can the mountain teach us anything about living in peace? For once, let's explore that age old cliche of a question, who am I? When you're in the city, what animals do you see? Pigeons, seagulls, everyone's pets. It's easy to take the mysteriousness of a poodle for granted, but when I'm here in the Scottish winter, my toes are freezing off, I'm seeing these animals survive. I'm struck by the extraordinary miracle we find ourselves involved with. It's another species of living being here on planet earth and it's having an experience, feeling emotions like fear and care for family, and seeking warmth. It might be a bit of an unconventional place to start our journey, trying to understand ourselves by looking at animals, but if they can feel things, what does that teach us about our feelings, who we are, where we come from? What does that life teach us about this life? Maybe not a lot. I mean, we are different from the animals. I want us to get back up the mountain eventually, but first there's a few things that would be good for us to understand. Like how do you understand yourself today? Because our societies have inherited some ideas that see the animals very differently from us indeed, with huge implications for how we feel about ourselves and our place in the universe. For Descartes, one of the founding thinkers of modern science and philosophy, he believed that animals had no mind at all. They were automata, unconscious machines. He justified gruesome experiments on live animals, arguing the cries of apparent agony were no more than automatic responses. Descartes believed only humans had mind or for him it was a spiritual thing. Only man had the spirit given by God that exists independently from the body. It was these transcendent minds or spirits that Descates believed gave humans the unique capacity of self-awareness and intelligence. So that he could say probably the most famous line in Western philosophy, "I think therefore I am." These ideas created splits in how we understand ourselves, one between our minds and our bodies, that we are our minds or spirits inner body separate from it, and a second split between the human and nature. If it's only us that have minds or spirits, then it's only us that are intelligent or sacred. Our bodies, the animals nature then are not intelligent, inferior, automatic. Science, in the subsequent years, they got rid of the spirits and the sacredness, but they still kept this idea that rational thinking minds are the only intelligence in the universe, which gave us a feeling of isolation, that we are this blip of intelligence facing an otherwise not intelligent, automatic universe. There are many forms of these ideas and science and religions, and we were promised when we understand ourselves, we gain wisdom and we live in peace. So I wonder, is this who we are? So, who are you? Are you a mind or spirit in a body? Is there mind in nature? Where does your intelligence come from? And can understanding any of this help us live in peace? So I'm gonna do something a little bit unusual for film and invite you to try some stuff with me, so you can see what you can learn about yourself through your own experience. So let's explore these ideas that our thinking is the source of our identity and that makes us different from the animals. So if you'd like to join me, I invite you to rub your fingertips together. It's basic, but we can get deep with it. So just being present with the sensations happening right now. Maybe friction, heat, moisture. And that's an experience not of thoughts with words, but a direct sensation, right? And now if you think about somebody that you love, maybe family, friends, pets, and you think about the experience of love, that experience is not a voice in your head saying, "Love, love, love, love, love." You know, it's an emotion, it's a feeling. And so simply by paying attention to our own experience, we found that I think therefore I am can only be part of the story of who we are. I feel therefore I am as an essential part of being human. And yes, this is simple, but for me, reconnecting with this fact was life changing. (upbeat music) When I finished education, I descended into confusion and anxiety, not sure what I was doing with my life. Searching for peace, I journeyed to China hoping kung fu might make me stronger. I tried to get into a kung fu monastery, failed, tried to find a kung fu school, but by accident, the locals took me to a Tai Chi school. Tai Chi, I thought that's for older people, but I tried it and fell in love with it. Tai chi is a moving meditation, like yoga. And practising it, I experienced what we're talking about. I'm not just my thoughts and I can hang out in my feelings and sensations where there's no words telling me I'm confused and lost. (birds chirping) (water flowing) On our journey towards peace, it's helpful to know that we're not just our thoughts, so we don't always have to be thinking. And you don't have to try Tai Chi to learn this. We found this through observing our own experiences that sensations are an option. So let's see if we can take a second look at the animals and see what observation can teach us about them. (hopeful music) If we spend time with animals, we see they're not automatic machines. Instead, they are very much conscious, here and aware, and they are creative, responding to life intelligently. Science since Descartes' time has found that animals, they made up of the same sort of stuff. 80% of the genes that we have in our DNA, squirrels have as well. And a quick shout out to the plants, even celery. 50% of the genes that we have, celery has as well. Very few people take Descartes' extreme views, but have we recognised both in how we understand ourselves and collectively, the extent to which we share our experiences, our emotions, our intelligence with the rest of life. So we're at the start of understanding ourselves. We have an experiential sense of self, which we could call the sensor, that complex array of emotions and sensations that give us this feeling of being and the animals have it too. But still, despite these similarities, it wasn't unreasonable of Descartes to see us humans as fundamentally different. I mean the squirrels can't give lifts like friends in camper vans. Surely it is our thinking, our reasoning that does distinguish us from the rest of nature. So yeah, we've got to understand where does our ability to remember our email passwords come from? Where does that voice in our heads fit into who we are? I wanna show you something close to the mountain, an ancient burial ground that can help us understand the origins of the human mind. This is a burial ground made in the Bronze Age and it's clear that people that made it here 4,000 years ago had brains capable of complex thinking. They could create stories that motivated the community to come together to create this structure. Now, here's where things get quite mind boggling. We found evidence to say that's not just our species that had minds capable of storytelling. This is a human skull. This skull looks human, but then the eyebrows are really far forward and the whole thing is shaped like a rugby ball. This is not a skull of a Homo sapien but a Homo neanderthal. It's easy to forget that there have been over 20 species of human that have lived in our planet. What were these humans like? (gentle music) The Neanderthals lived in community. They made their own clothes out of animal hides, they made tools to help them hunt, and they wore feathers for decoration. And some of the skeletons we found had been laid in dug pits, with the person's hands placed supporting their heads as if they were resting asleep. The sites we found did not just have one skeleton, but many bodies, people of different ages - children, parents, grandparents, some bodies surrounded by antler horns and rhinoceros skulls. The Neanderthals buried their dead with care and in community. Why? What the burials we found tell us about what minds the Neanderthals had, and so where our minds might come from isn't clear cut. You don't actually need complex ideas about life after death to motivate ritual behaviour. Take elephants for example, when one of their troop passes away, they will come back to the body for many days after the death, each member spending time in silence, touching the body, showing their complex emotional life, experiencing what we would likely call grief. The Neanderthals too, when their loved ones passed away, would've felt intense emotions, heartache, rolling tension in the stomach. And maybe it was these emotions alone that motivated them to bury their loved ones with care. They didn't need to have ideas about what might happen after death. So, we need more evidence. And in 2013, archaeologists in France discovered something that shocked the world. 350 metres deep into a cave, they found hundreds of stalactites and stalagmites that had been broken off the cave walls and deliberately placed into large circles. And they found the remains of fires that had once been lit within them. The structure was so complex, the archaeologists assumed it must have been made by Homo sapiens, but when they dated the find, they found it to be an astonishing 174,000 years old, long before Homo sapiens had reached Europe, implying its makers were the Neanderthals. What they found in that cave in France had no obvious purpose. It must have taken many hours to make the fires around it, the whole cave would've been choking with smoke. It seems to me very likely that there was a story motivating it, that that structure meant something to the Neanderthals. And even if that story was just made with basic language or images arising in the minds of the Neanderthals, that would mean that I think therefore I am is not just for us Homo sapiens. Descartes believed our thinking minds made us superior to the rest of nature, but we found evidence that the Neanderthals felt and thought in ways surprisingly similar to us, and we found the animals experience rich emotions and navigate their lives creatively. We haven't found any splits between humanity and nature, or between our minds and bodies, so us asking where does our intelligence come from has led us to a bigger and deeper question. How is it that our planet is bursting with beings that are conscious, having experiences and so are able to solve the challenges they face intelligently? What consciousness is or how conscious life began on planet Earth is a great mystery. Planet Earth was once just rocks and water, but what we can see from the fossil record is that life on earth began billions of years ago and through evolution became more and more complex. Eventually animals evolved and they began to experience emotions such as fear and these emotions became more and more complex like care for family or the desire to play. And eventually for some animals, thoughts and basic language began to arise in their minds, giving them the ability to interpret and tell stories about what they were experiencing. And for one animal, us Homo sapiens, we developed highly advanced language, which led to an explosion of human power and lots of questions. Every human culture has some form of spirituality or religion, stories to help satisfy our natural curiosity. We want to understand who we are and what we are a part of. Given the infinite mystery we find ourselves involved with, any understanding of ourselves needs to be made with humility. As the Bible says, "With humility comes wisdom." But we found we can through observation, determine some of the principles that shape us and the universe. Science at its core is this process of observation, making predictions about the world, collecting evidence, seeing what the evidence tells us. Science doesn't have to feel cold and mechanical. In fact, it's led us to an understanding that many wisdom traditions shared, something that's truly inclusive and universal. That all of us, no matter our religion, nationality, gender, or even our species, we all come from the same mysterious source. One of the great barriers to us finding peace is disconnection. And so if you have thoughts telling you that you are separate from the world, that there's nothing inspiring about you, shift your focus and reconnect with what you are a part of. You're made from the same energy that created the many humans, the plants, the animals, and our precious, beautiful home, planet Earth. You are embodied awareness, mind and body coming from the same mysterious source. And we found you have two main ways of experiencing and understanding yourself. The first we called the sensor, the complex array of that gave us this feeling of being. And then there's what we could call the storyteller that which watches what you experience and, using thoughts, narrates and interprets, and creates stories about who you are. And to really understand how the storyteller works can be life changing. So to demonstrate how this works, I'm going to look a wee bit silly for you. So, each ball is a thought like my name is George. I grew up in England. My love language is vegan brownies. I know all the words of the Tarzan soundtrack off by heart. And see the story of who we are, we construct from thoughts that pop into our heads that we identify with. Would you like to meet your storyteller? What's your favourite thing to do? What was that thought you just had? There you go, there's one of yours. And if we really understand this it leads to something tragic that we can only laugh at, that there's nothing intrinsically George about me. If I was born in another country, I'd have different thoughts, I'd have a different story. And in the various times of my life where I have felt not good enough, it's not like not good enough is a physical quality of the universe. No, that feeling came from judgmental thoughts that popped into my head that I identified with. So isn't it astonishing the amount of pain that we create in our lives from the stories that are only true to the extent that we identify with, and believe the thoughts that pop into our heads? I remember first reading classic spiritual books like "The Power of Now" and finding Taoism, the philosophy of the mountain where I was studying that I have since dedicated a lot of my life to. I remember these insight moments. Whoa, I'm not just my thoughts and not every thought I have needs to be true. Instead of fighting my thinking, I began to just pause and to be curious., noticing these stories created a space within for me to be able to choose my response. And a beautiful way that we can bring the practice of the pause into our every day is with a mindful breath. I do this throughout the day, and if you'd like to join me, why don't we take a breath together, breathing in together, softening the face and breathing out, letting any tension go. Let's try one more of those. Breathing in. Can you soften even more? And breathing out, letting any tension go. If we notice painful thinking of stories, we just pause, bring some curiosity to it, open some space within, and that space is our freedom. So we were promised by the great teachers, And indeed, we found we are not just our thoughts, not every thought that we have is true. We found the practice of the pause, all important steps on the journey towards peace. But inevitably, even if we have insight today, maybe tomorrow we'll be back, covered in takeaway grease, scrolling on TikTok, wondering, "How did I get here again?" So just knowing who we are isn't enough. So I've got my ice axe, crampons in the bag, I'm cold and we haven't even started yet. It's time for us to climb back up the mountain. Can the perspective it gives us help us understand how to transform what we've learned into wisdom that can actually help us? Where is this peace we've been promised? We found that we create our own stories through the thoughts Why is it then if we do create our own stories, we tell such rubbish negative stories. Why is inner peace so hard? (water bubbling) So if I draw a line in the sandy rocks, it's not gonna stay around for very long. If I scoop something a bit deeper, it could be around for a bit longer, give water enough time, and it can carve canyons out of sheer rock. Our brains work like this, you know, about neural pathways. The more you repeat certain behaviours, the more that neural pathway is strengthened. And this is essential, it gives us our habitual ways of thinking and being. Take the habit of worry for example, it's a good idea for safety for us to sometimes worry about what might go wrong in the future. The challenge comes with what we do with these habits. So for me, my time of crisis, a new character began to dominate my storytelling headspace, who I personified as a little evil wizard called the Underminer. And the Underminer channelled everything that was happening in my life through the habit of worry and negativity. So the fact that I was single and didn't have many friends, my Underminer would tell me I was flawed goods. And when I started getting anxious, my Underminer would tell me I was weak for being anxious. More and more of my life flowed into Underminer Valley until I lost all hope that I could feel better again. (ominous music) Rule number one of getting out of the hole - stop digging. How do we normally react to pain? I was beating myself up. Maybe we numb ourselves out or try and run away from ourselves. But all this does is just multiplies the pain that we're feeling. Wisdom traditions around the world all talk about the power of love and compassion for us to be hurting in this often chaotic world, doesn't make us weak or flawed. It's okay to not be okay. With compassion, can we extend love and kindness to our whole selves, even the bits that we might not want? We can be with pain instead of lost in it. The acceptance of where we are is crucial on the journey towards peace, but we don't have to be stuck in Underminer Valley forever. There are more empowering ways of responding to the challenges of life, we just need to find them. The word wisdom derives from the root to see. It's no coincidence that mountains around the world have been spiritual places. With perspective, we see that we can choose how to respond to life. Look, there's Underminer Valley, it still has its place. There's Play Valley, there's Creativity Creek. Wisdom is when we channel what happens in our lives towards the responses that serve harmony, that serve peace. And any way, we're all unique, so your place of perspective will be different to mine and the stories that empower you, you need to discover for yourself. But be empowered - with patience, persistence and kindness, change, big or small, is possible. Even if you think you've found who you are, found a story that feels good, when the world changes and your old patterns start rumbling in, how do you respond? Left it quite late with the filming and the weather's turning. It's getting cold. Still got quite a way to go before we get to safety and warmth. Getting cold. We'll be all right, we'll get through. Change can be scary, which is why we crave certainty. Certainty about how the world works, certainty about who we are. So we think we've got everything under control, but the only constant is change. The weather on the mountain is constantly changing, you're constantly changing, I'm constantly changing. Can we trust the intelligence of the life force that animates us? An intelligence that has produced the astonishing resilience that is you that has produced the breathtaking beauty of the planet. All done without words. Finding yourself is great, a human being needs a story. We have roles to play as parents, children, employees, students, citizens, but know that the searching will never end. Can you also develop the subtle art of losing yourself, to surrender to the ever-changing flow? To not need a story, to embrace the mystery of your being and so rest? On our journey towards understanding ourselves and living in peace, we found that we create the stories of who we are from the thoughts that pop into our heads, and so we have the freedom to choose a story that empowers. But, we and the world, are always changing and too complex to fully capture with words. Thankfully, we don't always need to be thinking, we can hang out in our sensations and so lose ourselves. And one of the most reliable ways I've found to lose myself is being in nature. When I feel stuck in self-criticism and painful stories, if I can get out and walk in landscapes bigger than myself, I'm reminded of the great tapestry of life that I am a part of. And George and all my stories feel less and less important. As my mind softens, I find moments of no thought. George disappears. And what remains is a simple presence, ease and connection. Mountains have been great teachers in my life and so if you can get out and have some adventures, go for it. But I know you may not have access to mountains or fancy kit like this. What we've learned can only truly be impactful if it helps us back in the mystifying mountains of modern living. It's time for me to go home, back to the city. The intelligence of the universe has achieved some pretty awesome stuff. It's easy to forget, but all of our technology is still nature expressing itself. There's much to celebrate about humanity, but at the same time, our modern world brings with it big challenges. I've been back in the city for a few months now, and the challenging bit is living with wisdom, living in peace. And if that resonates with you, we're not alone with that. To struggle is to be human, which is why the wisdom traditions have always offered practices. Practices to help us stay in connection with our wiser selves. And I want to share with you a practice that has been really helpful for me but first... A ghost story. Mwahaha! No, not really. If we imagine that our consciousness is like a light, our awareness illuminates that which it focuses on, and we've been shining the light of our awareness and the world and ourselves. But it's hard to live what we've been learning because for some reason the default setting of human consciousness is this - We're flitting between craving and distractions the whole time, which means that we stay unconscious. And it's only if we can learn to steady our awareness, to rest, that we see ourselves clearly and so see our potential for wisdom and for peace. And this brings us to meditation. Meditation is a big word, but it's about presence. If your awareness is on what you're doing as opposed to lost in thought, that's meditation. And meditation as a practice is training our awareness to rest, to find that presence more easily. Meditation has been discovered all around the world over history. It's helped me so much and I thought maybe we could try some together, so you can experience for yourself how you don't always have to be caught in thought, how you can lose yourself, how you can rest, how to stay in connection with your wisdom to help you live in peace in your every day. So would you like to join me for a meditation? If you would, then you can be sitting in any way you'd like to. And an invitation, and this is only an option and taking as long as you want with it, is for you to close your eyes and to see if you can find your breath. Where is your breath right now? Maybe coming in and out through your nostrils, maybe out your mouth? And can you slow your breath down? Slow your breath down. Softening the face. If there's any tension in your forehead or your eyes, allow them to unwind. If there's any tension in your cheeks or your jaw, allow them to sink. The sensation of your breath is part of your sensor. That feeling of being. You're not just your thoughts and so you can rest in your sensations. And so can you kindly be watching your breath coming in and out. And you may also notice thinking, that's your storyteller in action, and thinking, like the sensation of your breath, is an experience arising in your awareness. You're not just your thoughts. Not every thought that you have is true. You are the embodied awareness that watches it all. And so you have the freedom when you notice thinking to just let it go, to bring your awareness back to the breath. Meditation is not about having a quiet mind. Instead, it is the process of returning. We get lost in thought and we come back. And how gently can you come back? Can you come back without judgement? Can you rest with the breath? If we use meditation to improve ourselves, then we're back in thinking and stories, and they were precisely the things that got us confused. So can you hold this openness, this space for its own sake, with no expectations of magic fixes or future rewards? Nothing to do, nowhere to go, no one to be. Can you lose yourself? Can you rest? And gently beginning to come back, bringing some movement into your shoulders, some shoulder rolls, and then taking it as long as you want, beginning to come back and opening your eyes. It's a real privilege to be practicing with you. And for me, doing a daily meditation practice has been training in my awareness to find that kindness, to find that spaciousness more easily. Imagine how different your life would be if you could bring that space and kindness into your everyday? In an argument, instead of being stuck in the valleys of reactivity, blame, what would happen if you remembered to pause? Take a breath to find your inner mountain view and to look with kind curiosity, what feelings and stories are you in? What might be happening for the person in front of you? Or take something as mundane as your daily commute. If you apply the practice of the pause, find your inner mountain view, you may begin to notice that nature, even in the city, makes its living and you reconnect with what you're a part of, and yet we so easily forget. So with practice, it is possible for us to feel resilient, even joyful, but we still are missing something because even if we become master meditators and discover our inner chill, if our loved ones are struggling or our country's at war or we're facing climate disasters, it's going to be hard for us to live in peace. And that's because true peace is not just peace with ourselves, it's peace in our relationships, communities, countries, the planet. We've been exploring this idea And if that means true peace, this leads us to a big question - could it be that understanding who we really are can not only transform our lives, but change the world? (background chattering) - [Voiceover] Welcome aboard this Great Western railway service to London Paddington. - In the same way that we create our own story, all the economic and political systems that shape our world, they too are built upon stories, assumptions, narratives about what it means to be human and what we're here to do. And ultimately, those stories are agreed upon and given power by people, people like you and me. You can imagine how different our world could be if you and I and more of us, while acknowledging all the struggle and trauma, we nonetheless believed in our own capacity. And so the human capacity for healing, for forgiveness, for cooperation. And if more of us lose ourselves and reconnect with the great mystery that we are a part of, and so find a sense of our own sacredness, a value that comes from our being, not what we do, then no longer do we exhaust our energy chasing happiness that is always outside of ourselves. And so we find a contentment and richness in simplicity. So understanding yourself matters because not only do you create resilience and peace in yourself, you inspire the people around you that change is possible for them too. And if there's enough of us, we can reach a tipping point where our collective stories, and so the systems that shape our world begin to transform too. As I've learned more about myself, that I am an aperture through which the universe is experiencing itself on this stunning planet, the only place we know to support life in the whole universe. Where before I felt anxiety, I now feel a love, a love for humanity, a love for the earth. And this love makes me want to be part of the movement that seeks to protect and celebrate the flourishing of life. And for you, as you learn more about yourself and your connection, if you feel called to, how could you dedicate more of your energy to the movement? The movement that believes in our potential for balance and for peace. And for the times where we may feel like peace for ourselves and the planet is just some naive pipe dream. Can we give ourselves permission for better, not perfection? A journey of a thousand miles starts with a single step, so all we can do is keep stepping and to support each other on the journey. So keep stepping my friend, keep practicing, keep finding yourself and losing yourself. What story are we going to write? Hello dear friend. Thank you so much for watching. I'm so grateful for your presence And I want to share what you can do next. If you want to, watching the film again with friends can be an awesome experience, It poses questions for you to explore together. We've created a free Losing Yourself email course where over weeks, you can get the ideas and practices to help you integrate what you've learnt in the film into your every day life and that's completely free. I run events now around the world and online if you want to join me for those and if you want to get even deeper, Taoist Wellness Online is where you can learn with me and my Tai Chi master Master Gu to help you better understand yourself and your potential for peace. I want to say a huge thank you to anyone that has joined the online academy or come to one of my courses because this film has been completely funded by this community and I'm sending you my best wishes for your onward journey. Balance is Possible!

  Top Comments:
  1. @George-Thompson [796 likes]: Thank you so much for watching! 🫶🌎💪 If you resonated with the film, I'd be grateful for your support in sharing the message: please share with your network! 🙌🛶 Click 'Read More' for more info on the film and actions you can take 👇 

🏡We have a free discussion guide for stimulating conversations if you want to watch the film again with friends and family (it's a fun thing to do one evening): https://losingyourself.org/free-course

🧘 We've also made a free 'Losing Yourself' email course, with practices to help you integrate the film into your everyday life:
👉 https://losingyourself.org/free-course

 I’d also love to hear in the comments how you might apply these ideas in your own life 💥

💜 I also host transformational events worldwide to help you embody the ideas from the film and awaken your compassionate potential. To learn more visit: 
👉 https://www.balanceispossible.com/events

💪 Want to support our team? Joining Taoist Wellness Online is one of the best ways to support us and you get SO much learning to help you live long and live well: https://www.taoistwellness.online/

💸 You can also donate here to help us make more films, thank you!: https://losingyourself.org/donate/

Our organisation is a 19-person team called Balance is Possible! We are on a mission to create films, communities and transformative education to help people and planet live in balance. This project took 2 years, I'm so excited for you to watch the film! 

I'm sending you my best wishes for your onward journey. 

With love,
George
  2. @Ask-hz9jj: It's amazing and speaks through my heart. Thank you so much.
  3. @Manonfire22nothingnobody: Nothing to do; nowhere to go; no one to be with.

Thank you, George, for this beautiful documentary. 💚
  4. @NAOMIatTEPOHO: There’s no mystery. The universe has a grand creator. Jehovah the true God.
  5. @CMD-i9i: As someone who deals with chemicals and human biology, I find our 'morality' to be nothing more than a chemical reaction to fear.
  6. @catharinamariatheresia1626: I just let go of my partner because his soul wants to go on an exploration. I awakened a few years ago on a seven-year-pilgrimage (before I met him). I can see he has fear and wants to hold on to me. Sometimes love is setting the other free; because in the end I am not seeking a contemporary love story… I am seeking all beings to be free and live in peace.
  7. @RoshanT-z8e: Bhagavadgita..read it..
  8. @Priyaan200: Incredible video 😊 thanks ❤ is this England ?  i was in the UK for 4 years spent my student life and work there but i came back to India and i miss everything there 😢 hope i can go back again  . I had a life transforming journey in the UK .
  9. @Nnnnn317: I WANT TO MEET YOU
  10. @msharifuzzaman: Thinking makes us confused, not thinking makes us non-human animal. Is it for this human submit to intelligent designer/believe in unseen controller  manifesting everything all around us . what happens to us when we die ? We are really lost .
  11. @life-mn5qf: I'm 35 year old, but I'm still confused what is going on, why I feel malancholic, may be joblessness or my inner most voice.
  12. @DideDalan: ❤
  13. @edwardpetersen4309: haiku
neither wave nor quark
We're instead made of stories
invent ove stories
  14. @titogav: Amazing video and message! thank you so much for inspiring!!
  15. @supa.scoopa: Thank you so much ❤
  16. @denmarkmores5679: 33:00
  17. @richamishra-009: I am happy that I clicked on this video. It was a great pause. I really want to learn Tai chi. I am looking at Master Gu's course now. Thanks for pausing me.
  18. @OnesphorousMusembi: The cinematography of this film is splendid. The filming crew did a good job. The audio visual representation of the ideas is amazing. Good job.
  19. @Tea-at-Stephs-house: 👏👏👏Well I just love you 🙌
  20. @andya1976m: The only think that separates us from other conscious minds are our imagination. Everything starts when our imagination arise. This could be a blessing, but I'm afraid is a curs. In imagination we are not leaving in the present anymore.

- He started a new life at 40! | Powerful Movie | Drama | Full Movies in English 4K: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] unbelievable another cracking day across Belfast yeah highs of 20 until around 8:00 this evening so enjoy what is guaranteed to be a beautiful day on a day like today I can think of nothing better than going to the golf course after the show but it's meetings meetings and more meetings for me what about you today probably a good thing cuz your golf socks I'm heading into Belfast I love the fact that there's so many movies being made here in Northern Ireland and I have heard that there could be some cab spotting to be done because there's an aister potentially arriving in Northern Ireland today in 25 on the roads across Northern Ireland everything's moving well this morning good news we're back with more after these Co FM that's enough Lily we don't want our special guest showing up at the first thing that great hims your under courage all right keep your way going Marcus Luc see yeah in the fry upside down what are they still doing here I need them in the Titanic Suite on the coffee table he's here okay action stations Vinnie welcome I'm Marcus the hotel's manager hey what's up Marcus it's cool to be here follow me and I'll check you in Lucy could you check in Mr Zach Goliath uh Zach was my character's name my real name is Josh Josh Jenkins of course I'm so sorry I've just huge fan of your show on the court he's insane go go Goliath's game a giant on the court with arms like a crane go go Goliath's game take up your we room here it is it's one of our finest rooms you've got a City View duck down pillows the bathroom has a Jacuzzi bathroom with complimentary Irish bog body scrub and as this is the Titanic suite life jackets under the bed Lily what about the East wow this is awesome man when you said we room I thought heck will I [Laughter] fit Mr Jenkins please call me Josh Josh could I be really cheeky and ask you to sign this oh wow man I haven't seen one of these in years sure why not so what has you in Belfast well the plan is to make a movie with my production company Goliath films now the script's pretty much there so I want to check out some locations I want to do some casting but mainly I want to get a real authentic feel for Belfast sure movie it's exciting isn't it so what's it going to be called City trouble city of trouble nice you know if you're looking for any actors I'm your man well you got to read for me when I'm casting audition yeah amazing this day doesn't get any better sorry wow this is just perfect Marcus thank you my pleasure if you need anything when you're here anything anything at all you call Marcus hey man can you call me a cat where are you officer well I want to get a handle on this place you know what I'm saying I want to get a real feel for the city well in that case the best way to to see Bost the real authentic way is to walk it is it safe you know just walking around save his hes sir okay cool um please call me Josh and I'm supposed to call you vny it's a pleasure to meet you Josh okay yeah great um yeah I'll see you around Joel thank you oh no no no I got that you put that on my room you're very generous thank you go on give us your theme tune go on no like I said before on the court he's insane go go Goliath Giant on the court arms like a Cran you ever see any of the other actors crying out loud no I mean we've all moved on so so should all of you no I didn't mean that you have to leave hey where you going hard being famous and good looking yeah it sure is you find that as well my D used to say Patrick you're not that important none of us are that important what are you going to give me your autograph now take one of those in the morning I'll sort you out hello hello I keeping what the that's all right love it's nothing that I haven't seen before Al I must say you're in a bit better shape than the usual ones around here you pass your mot any get out of my room just get out I'm sorry now I'm just a [Applause] cleaner hey is this gluten free yeah are you sure this is glutenfree oh I've never been more assure of anything in my life you look awful familiar no I don't do autographs autograph no I was going to say that my M loves you yes she said that you were in town but well I never heard of you next hey come on in man stand on that Mark look into the camera state your name age and agent Josh it's May Marcus yeah I know but you have to say it to the camera yeah of course we're recording right hi I'm Marcus dyip and I'm no freaking way your name cannot be didty nip yes it is okay um I'm sorry uh let's start again hi I'm Marcus didb I'm I currently in between agents okay um let's start at page 36 so number three Soldier number three I thought I was reading Captain di carer no offense Marcus but you're not 6'4 or goodlooking I could still give it a go look man I'm trying to give you an opportunity here and Soldier 3 is a damn good part he's in it for like 5 Seconds he's wearing a gas mask I mean they W even know it's me I'm sorry here Josh but you said I could have audition so yeah I threw it out there that you could audition but now you're just being a diva look man even if you were good enough imagine this Captain Dan Carter our Valiant hero of the city of trouble starring marus didy ni next hey man stand on the mark name agent agent to the camera hey I'm John I'm sorry Mr Jenkins but I can't think of any other contacts or places that would St what you're looking for I think maybe listen you got Google yeah look it up in fact just leave it I'll do it myself I where you going sorry you're all right darl gra Gracie right mom be half an hour to that's all right love don't worry me kiss right is now okay ah he has no manners so he hasn't what is Goliath's game anyway oh it was a TV show the whole of Northern Ireland watched it I suppose I suppose it was a bit of light relief for us back there I've never heard of it I was only born in ' 94 my BRS older than you do you know he never tips he's only been here 3 days and already his bill is massive apparently he doesn't go back to Los Angeles for another week well that'll get Los Angeles a bit of a break you okay grace they can't do this to me Claudia Claudia they just can't I am so so sorry my love I just got the call from Lance's office and the studio is definitely out but why I mean they love the idea didn't they I mean they they bought it yes Lance loved the idea and wanted to invest but how do I say this honest answer he wasn't a fan of the script script but I'm here in Belfast rewriting the script for crying out loud oh Josh darling the producers have no understanding of the artist Artic process what so and ever but on a more positive note I have just heard back from celebrity circus and they are considering you as long as I can get the network to rerun Goliath's game in time I mean the casting was almost there the crew was all oh Josh I am so so sorry myling put everything I have into this Claudia everything Josh Josh Claudia jsh this is such a line Claudia oh I've got you man I've got you know Mr Jenkins can I help you no uh thank you Marcus I was just about to check out Oh I thought you weren't checking out until next um a change of plan I have to go tonight sure that's no problem we can sort that for you I don't know how you do things in California Mr Jenkins but in this part of the world we usually check out at reception good to know I'm sorry Mr Jenkins this card is being declined as well look I'm having a tiny temporary issue with the cash flow right now due to the fact that I've invested everything I have in this movie and one of my funders just sort of pulled out Marcus I've missed my flight now can I stay here just for one night I'm afraid you can't stay here for one more minute Vinnie what am I going to do I don't have any money I don't have anywhere to go not my problem not your problem listen may I remind you that we have a copy of your passport so I would suggest you settle your bill as soon as possible otherwise we will have no alternative other than phoning the police the police Vinnie this way Josh hey come on you can stay with us for the night wouldn't see you stuck come on are We rather spend the night with them ones sweetheart there you go well here we are home sweet home now this is a Josh Josh Jenkins did you win him in Bingo momy this is a b Robert and this is Kanye Kanye do you have a problem with his name big GL he's St with us yes why why don't you hang your coat up on boys you go and give Jor we hand's luggage right I'm good thank you what even is that oh just what I had left in the freezer you guys eat this stuff he's a stuck up scumbag NY right boys why go off to bed that's good boys night Mr Jenkins you come on my w until the morning but don't Che it CU only princesses are allowed to use it maybe I'll just have it and you can have it tomorrow go on g go on up and get ready for bed night ped I'll be out of here tomorrow for sure don't you worry about that it's own brand so if it's not fancy enough for you you don't have to drink it night Evacuate the area Evacuate the area you br she could have given me a heart attack here here here what's going on these two goofballs nearly killed me duh they're toy G Robert can you iide and play no unbelievable I'll tell you it's unbelievable you do not come into my house and assult my grandchildren only I'm allowed to do that you need to Wi your neck in I don't even know what you just said you've got GLE haven't you well look it up and unless you want to be crowned woman of the year I suggest you take a we look in the mirror all right darling come on come on and I'll get you ready for going to dancing hey what's up man yeah I'm good I'm I'm real good you psych for you man is it's him it's not I'm in a little bit of a situation right now I need to catch a flat out of Bel fast so it's not so it's not just I got a little issue with the cash flow right now and I just need enough for a flight back what do you mean not this time I mean Hello jerk everybody ready and 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 1 lovely head up Grace your leads join in front of Megan there n got me new belly pumps they not new well I like them your hair's nice today okay you're going to take it again from the top and 1 2 3 4 5 6 keep your head up Jody McMill nobody wants to see your knits and smile we want people to think you're happy 1 2 3 oh okay okay stop Sammy stop stop stop we have a show to put on in a few days for your mommies and daddies and it needs to be good I mean CH love which is your left hand just if you follow Megan okay a 5 6 7 8 1 2 3 4 oh hi I was just leaving so you can have some p and Q um Lily lily look I'm having a problem accessing cash right now and um do you want something is that face asking me if you could stay here for another day or two be's people are so straightforward I was a stranger and you took me in is that a y well it's not unknown nice day lily what's the back American fell doing here see you later Su you were always useless for gossip sister I wonder what's going on what you do well you never know never know what um handsome American Punk me put them away what nobody would notice no she can see them from outter space it's wonder of the world then everybody take a break hi um JY I haven't got her face in me today but like definitely next week it's fine how's Kanye getting on yeah there's and he's got selective mutism or something but I don't know well you're very welcome to bring him to class oh he's all football football football obsessed with the northern Irish team okay and and what about G yeah she's okay you know she's still tires easily no real Improvement yeah I have noticed that but she's still the life and so of the party I'll keep my eye on her yeah thank you right what's going on G said a movie star from America is staying at her house and is coming to our show right and I'm marrying Leonardo DiCaprio I can't even get a DAT Lona marriage I mean she could marry me marmy right enough fantasizing about movie stars Let's Dance he is going to come I promise okay grace back into position well is he here well he's here for sure what are you doing here I said a call I I I just came here to give you these happy birthday the bo made them they ask about you you know right Grace made one too well that was unnecessary yeah sorry um I was just helping the boys and she wanted it in the action suppose it's the thought that kind are you able to see the voice sometime or I could bring them around here no no don't bring them around here I get awful busy I'll be in touch would you never see them you could pop around in the house or take them to the park or not I'm worried about can you well you should have thought about that I'll check my diary have a lot on I'll call you yeah if you can let me know when that'll be great those windows won't clean themselves Lily Davidson probably not Markus dead enough hey Gina thanks for calling me back so you're good wiring me some cash sure I can wait a few days why don't I take you out for dinner and Venice Beach when I get back as a you okay I got to go child beautiful hey hi we're on our way to Grace's dance show would you like to join us uh please come nobody believes that you sa was us they laugh for me please I can't Grace leave him alone he's happy being miserable what I got location work I got to do it's not really my scene anyways M did you know not get the MMO what AR wants AR gets so you may give him big lad come on Sam Sam it's thingy hey what's his Fe Goliath games so is so we Grace was telling the truth all along seem so has my hair standing on me right chest out Tommy in thank you for coming hello hello welcome um Zach is it thank you terribly kindly for coming well it's Josh Zach is was my character's name silly of me I'm I'm terribly sorry I I should have known what with me also being in Show Business it happens all the time right enjoy I wish we had done an extra purpose three e Josh here night it doesn't matter if someone is different we're all equal oh we should all be friends and dance together he likes it if he likes it what would he know about dancing you given a few lessons high fives yes well done Marcus well well well I've seen it all now Marcus I didn't know you were going to come give me 2 minutes I'll get the bo don't bother I can see that you're busy no it's not what it looks like Lily brought him in oh did you think that I cared listen the Marcus train left time a long time ago and you weren't on it and as if a Hollywood sorry a washed up Hollywood star but look at somebody like you Marcus Marcus the boys need their dad why do you let him talk to you like why don't you just m your own business that was awkward Mel and Marcus I had no idea he has a lot to answer for he wasn't a b good to why are you so good to me I was hungry and you gave me something to eat I was thirsty and you gave me something to drink not from a movie more a book give me back my ring what ring give me back my ring well this ring you little think this is funny H give me back my ring give me back my ring give me back my come get me back my ring you think this is funny you think this is fun that's enough B Robert de with give the man back his ring no and too what's going on boys what what some mother you are you just stand there and look on while someone else looks after your kids but here's the thing they're your kids you know maybe if you stop popping pills you'd be more of a I mean why'd you have them if you weren't even going to look after them don't worry love I'll sort it look if you come to say to me what a bad man I am I know already why you look after them all it hasn't given that we're truly happy what's the matter it's my mom that's me as a baby she supposed to be from around here somewhere she was from R here here yeah my dad was a soldier here and when I came around she didn't want me so he left the Army he went to the US he took me with him you know it was right before he passed away he gave me this it's my great great grandmother's ring was passed on to my mom and she gave it to my dad to give to me when the time was right so I've been working to find her ever since her name was Ruby Ruby Jenkins named after some singer that be Ruby Murray she was the best there ever was Ruby Jenkins Ruby Jenkins oh what your mom passed away a few years ago well I really don't care she probably wouldn't have wanted to see anyway you know all this time she never once made contact she must have really hated me look she would have had no choice in in those days she didn't well especially if it wasn't one of your own but I know that she would have thought about about you every day no you don't how could you have right that's it you are not going back to America to an empty flat what you need is some good North Coast air for tag the door open love right get the stuffe where you go everybody in you all right Josh Josh welcome to my carom it's our atie's carom and here the toilet it's cool yeah but you have to flush it twice though you know when year Billy Robert that great true if you've never seen that in this fancy before no never it's the best place ever it is you know hey Josh come here is that is where you're sleeping M okay so what happened between you and Marcus we were really happy at the start and we had the boys and then we just grew apart then I started seeing somebody else this country singer from over Hampton he was only here for a week and then I was expecting Grace you know he was good he was really good evidentally no I mean a good singer I meant a good singer yeah so Grace is and Marcus's no and he went crazy I mean crazy like things were not good between us but it was my fault you know we were still married and on top of that he's got this thing that whenever he gets hurt he can't cope like like an anger problem or something then whenever we split up I lost my job and I lost my confidence I just sort of went into myself come on so did Kanye he hasn't really spoken since I know Billy Robert seems fine in the outside but I know he'd like to see more of his daddy and same with Grace we have to have to keep an eye on her too she doesn't do too much up here it's like all your worries just disappear so that's what all those pills are anti-depressant yeah sometimes it's like you're under a heavy dark damp blanket you know what what you should do but you just can't do it I'm so sorry you know I thought that you were no it's okay I'm sorry too I thought you were a stuck up TV star we thought he was somebody right I should have known mommy is aware seeing through to people's hearts yeah she's quite some lady and Grace just adors you she is a six sense Josh are you really here to make a film or is it a complicated plan to find your home both I guess hey you believe the people will come into you your life for a reason come on J okay I'm come to get you guys okay guys I give up on let's nice together everybody look got my mother won't mind now please go to sleep that would be very kind so I'll sing you a s and this you will say it will not be long till you drift away knock knock mommy knock knock knock on the door take me somewhere never been before old strawford poor b c here why don't you two go out for a while I'm all right will I yeah sure cool I'm reaching out I'm standing here waiting for something love is teasing time oh hi blow the we used to play here together in the summers oh here she's got some voice you have to give us a we PR later on oh not she's got some s lungs on her so should all say no would like your autograph oh uh no sorry I don't do autographs what you know what you can stick your autograph up your Big B you big pile of harom what did she say basically that you are rude not to give your autograph and I tend to agree right okay you sing and I'll apologize and sign an autograph deal deal I'm sorry honey i' love to oh come on M get off oh come on M come on get come on come on on get up come on she's Brant stop making make sure you do my one right these days are so long time keeps disappearing these nights are so dark all I hear is the sound sound of your heart place your hand in mine let me take away the pain don't turn away you don't need to hide who you are before the curtain comes down before the curtain comes down I want want you to know you will always be the one I'm needing you will always be the one I'm breathing love will only change and never stops come a long way now and look what we've got it hurts to see you like this it's not who you are so much left to do now and all I want is to be there with you before the curtain comes want you to know you will always be the one I'm breathing you will always be the one I'm needing love will only change and never stops we've come a long way now and look what we got wow that was amazing you don't have to say that no really it was Cheers Cheers no she was you started that one thank you for your jacket sure well yeah thanks for tonight oh you're welcome thank you better go the night night see you tomorrow he you heard the news Colin farell wants to walk the red carpet with me not quite but it is Juicy what is you know the American Josh Jenkins yes his mom's from here he was born here and then was taken to America to live with his Daddy really how do you know it's all over the Internet woman called Ruby Jenkins she's dead and I like but can you believe that can I have a look h of course I can't wait to get back what are you crazy I got to take you out for that dinner in Venice Beach I've been promising you I got to go bye hey Mel so I'm going to be out of here tomorrow for sure I'll miss you I've been been taken for a food before so don't worry about it look that was just a little I don't want to know I mean what was I thinking as if me and you could ever like Mel I don't want to hurt you and I'm not good enough for you no really I'm not a good guy would you like a cup of tea yeah a cup of tea Grace Grace Grace Grace Gracie what happened I don't know what happened she was just singing and she Grace get the door get what happen I don't know she just passed out okay we get the boys okay I don't know see just it will not long away right I'll be there I'll be there right away bye-bye Marcus Marcus gra isn't well I I know that you don't care but I am going to have to go again I'm sure it's no more serious than it was the last time oh but she's in the hospital my hands are tied Lily I'm sorry oh you are not being fair I'm not being fair do you think I don't know how many times you've been looking after her when you should have been here working going to have to put my foot down Lily do you know you can't spend your life being horrible to people just because it makes you feel great you think that you are above everybody well I have news for you you're not and as for our boys I'm glad they have hardly anything to do with you because I wouldn't want one drop of your nature near them so I wouldn't and as for our Grace she needs me and wild horses let alone some we jumped up nobody is going to stop me Lily I'm not being unreasonable Lily if you leave like this you're fired thank you that is the best news I have had all year and you can take your job and stick it um are you little Grace's mother yeah there's no easy way to say this we believe she has a very serious heart condition she needs a very specific procedure but unfortunately we don't have the facilities in Northern Ireland to do it surely there's something you can do for the we love well I have put a call in to a hospital in London does this procedure but we need to move very fast if there is to be any chance of success there is another problem the costs are I would estimate in the region of £60,000 60,000 are you sure now if Grace was to go she has to go as soon as possible I mean in the next few days I just want to assure you we will do everything we can can I go into for an I please of course Josh will you take the bo off sure we're going to get this Mom I sure I'll sell my Ferrari shut your p hold way miky I'm serious we need to pull together we can get everybody in the area maybe we should be careful about getting their hopes up you know it sounds kind of impossible to raise that amount of money in a few days last thing I want to do is get their Hoops up yes let even trying excuse me please can we try I've got £43 in my savings jar belly Robert is even more I don't want our weer to die please you're some we lad so you're we're going to raise this money if it kills me okay so where do we start like how do you get that much money this quickly I uh we could do a sponsored kiss Aon they could pay to not ciss you we could do a sponsored diet oh I'm not sure it's not like as if I have that much to lose you know what that's bloat what retention I will you better call Noah if it ever bursts maybe Joanie could do a dance with Don yeah they do that kind of thing in the states all the time it makes a lot of money yes I love dancing Josh Darlin would you ask Jonie I I should do anything for you for we Gus yeah in other news an appeal has been launched to raise money for Belfast girl Grace Davidson fundraising is taking place across the country in what has been dubbed The Amazing Grace campaign efforts are building towards the campaign's showpiece finale a massive danceon to be held this Friday ladies and gentlemen boys and girls welcome to the Amazing Grace Danon now every pound you raise is going to help save our Grace Q music Let's Dance for GR I'm standing here in the heart of Belfast where excitement and urgency are in the air local people from across Northern Ireland are rushing to the aid of 5-year-old girl called Grace Grace is desperately in need of costly life-saving treatment and time is off the essence so let's get our dancing shoes on and see what's going on you want to play a game yes knock knock knock on the door take me somewhere I've never been before Heaven okay close your eyes What Do You See white CL and white princesses what else there's a giant seaa there's even Teddy Bear's Picnic there's no Vis but Grand the Cherry there okay I'll do do you want to we sip of water yes thank you yeah w there you go Sami S A mm y s mm y okay here you go man Grace is getting weaker um I think I'm going to have to transfer her to intensive care is there any news Well everybody's doing their best thanks thanks for the support yeah oh my goodness okay you're gorgeous you I'm PR yeah okay here we okay go it is so inspiring to see so many people from across the city and Beyond and from all walks of life pulling together 60,000 PB need to be raised in just a few days so please please donate what you can now Billy robt bil Robert look tomorrow yeah the vastest to come to the match that's sick e everybody in London is still on standby but we are running out of time are you sure about this can you yes now H we will we find what was this it was on again it was on the Tweet what come on please welcome your teams Northern Ireland and New Zealand over here miss m m come look at this Kane kanyee are you Kanye gavon yeah how does it fa to be a mascot for the Northern Ireland football team tonight it's just amazing like a dream and you're here for another reason as well aren't you yeah we need to raise money for my sister Grace he's an operation done in London well can I tell you all the Northland fans and the players we've all clubbed together and I can tell you tonight that we raed 36,000 oh my God come Wow yet no wonder you love this city and you know what it's not just everybody here at Winter Park tonight there's a few other people who are supporting you and supporting Grace they're very special and they give you a special mention take a look at this from all us here from Northern irand we're kindhearted SS we're the best people get behind that look Gra help her help her her operation and do us all PR this is a good luck messy to little G it sounds like the whole country's behind her and I know that she's going to win this fight and we'll all be there to cheer her on Good Luck Kev hi you Grace it's Tommy Bo here I believe you've got a bit of a battle on your hands but we're all 100% behind you and we know we're going to see it the other side best of luck Grace we're all cheering you on we're all cheering for you Grace Grace we're right behind you and beside you together we can do this H you have anything else to say just thanks to everyone and thanks to the northern Arland football team for everything T you wel done and good luck and let's get on with the game thank you right so what do we got thanks to Kanya football match we raised £36,000 we got 19,568 560 and 165 from the autographs and the t-shirts that totals 56,2 185 how much are we short £ 3,715 Susie what would we get for the fish tank oh let me see nothing those fish cost us a fortune and I'd sell sunny and Sheriff that we or I really would what would you like come here how much for that where did you get that it don't matter it's legal I hello hello love hey Mom we've got it we got it all of it all of it are you sure yes oh my gosh Mommy that's amazing you saw your ruby ring didn't you gladly it's in giving we are truly happy now I know what you mean would it be all right all we have to do is have faith Grace will do the rest joshh would you be able to look after the boys just I retake Grace to London I don't want too much disruption but but now if you're flying out or anything that that's perfectly all right me mind the boys yes please of course it's no problem no problem at all hello Grace h no we take it from me she's in good hands I pun you well I'm happy to say the operation has been as successful as we could have hoped for they uh that being said we still need to be a little cautious until she wakes of course but um everything's going to plan so far can you be with her whenever she wakes up oh yes that would be a good thing um before she went under she gave me this oh she said I could use it if I needed to but it's still got a little magic left in it thank amazing grapes How Sweet the Sound that sa the like I but now blind but now I see it's your mommy and your momy I'm first oh thanks sweetheart yeah yeah yeah everything's fine a b and toast yeah you bur the toast mhm yeah God you guys your sister's going to be okay yeah the boys really miss you no not just the boys okay I'll see you soon bye what her that's her yeah hold on hello uh what what yeah yeah she's all right she's all right she's all right she's all right she all right all right all right be all right all right all right be all right an update now on Grace Davidson we can confirm that Grace's operation in London has been a success Grace is going to be okay the life saving procedure was made possible after a community fundraising campaign all all right all right it's really all right hello Telly could I come in just for 5 minutes yeah sure come on in can I get you anything no no thank you I'm just waiting on a call from LA on the new funding for my film I've heard about your film I was hoping maybe you could get me a love scene with Colin farell no okay um it's called city of Terror is it trouble but no I've actually changed the name of the film it's now called city of Soul well that is a fantastic title better I know a lot of people don't believe in me but I will make this movie I want the world to know about this crazy place I don't want to sound cheesy but I feel like the people of Belfast have a lot of love within them and I really want to capture that Josh I have something I'd like to get off my chest look I'm sorry if I've given you the wrong Vibe I'm not interested as a matter of fact I'm kind of really into someone else right now do you think I FY you no no no goodness no I think I might Josh I'm your sister your half sister Ruby Jenkins was my mother nobody knows this because I grew up in a different area of Belfast but Josh I am certain you are my brother you're my sister brother that was amazing it was I see you soon yeah erson all right Josh yeah everything's more than okay well it doesn't come up that side does it look what the Cat Dragged In I've come to settle what I owe C it Lucy like I said I'm here to settle what I owe you and ask you to please give Lily her job back excuse me have you not done enough charity work for that family that family is worth a hundred of you as for Lily she's the most inspirational woman I've ever met in my life and she needs this job to guess what pay for your kids you've paid your bill so you can go you know Marcus you you have absolutely no heart because I don't believe in giving handouts except you do though don't you I saw you put the money in the collection box for Greece that was different Marcus don't live your life like I did afraid of giving out love in case you get heard or rejected okay spare me the sentimentalist jackass you have two beautiful boys out there who need their dad two boys who almost lost their little sister and they love you I don't know why but they do Lucy give Lily a call there see if she wants to do a shift on Tuesday happier times here in Belfast as little Grace Davidson returns home after a successful operation in London thanks to the general generosity of the people of Northern irelands Grace received her life-saving treatment and the family have been giving their reaction we just want to say thank you so much to everybody who's contributed money to Amazing Grace campaign and the support's been overwhelming and we're so so grateful Grace do you want to say something thank you Josh yes I love you I love you too will you come back I sure will Pinky Promise of course all right guys I'm out of here Josh see you later Mel keep singing I'll be back okay take care there Lily what can I say there's a we sandwich for you for the journey hope you like pickle you're quite a lady you're quite a fella all right guys thank you for everything bye bye byee byebye you why that never me eh always a brid made never the bride tell me here Josh I can move the LA on the heartbeat and here she's going nowhere without me bye hello and welcome to Sunny Belfast well not going to let a little bit of rain dampen our Spirits this is the hottest event of the Year this is the world premere of city of soul and the fans are out in force to catch a glimpse of some of the movers and shakers behind the film oh and first on the red carpet is Joanie Clark who a year ago remarkably discovered that she is justos Jenkins half sister she's here tonight with her fiance Sammy Taylor composer of city of Soul next there's Marcus did with his boys Billy Robert and Kanye who were so instrumental during last year's Amazing Grace campaign did of breads through performance as Captain loveart has had critics and fans buzzing and here are two big influences on the movie close friends of Josh Jenkins himself they're said to be the inspiration behind the groundbreaking dance finale which brings me to the reason we're all here city of Soul the film tip to break box office records around the world is the passion project of Josh Jenkins and his production company Goliath films I think I've actually just spotted the main man himself Josh Jenkins you guys at home will know Josh's child star Zach Goliath but he's all grown up now and why does he look fantastic not only does he appear in this film but he's also written himself now and I'm going to try and get a word with him this is the biggest night of his career and I'm going to Josh Josh congratulations you must be so proud yes I am so proud right now you know it's actually it's really surreal to be standing here right now for sure let's talk about the inspiration for this movie I've been through a lot of things in my life right so I just draw from these experiences and uh from that I just you know what am I saying I mean these guys okay these guys have been the entire inspiration for this film oh and this little lady right here what's your name Chris so we've got Grace and Goliath sounds like a good title for your next movie yes sure would that sounds really good I have to get back to you for that one enjoy your night okay and if I F in the Sky High I think i' end up in your arms and as we lie together don't think I come to any heart and as we watch the skyine it's like the world just stops in SK now I'm found again picking up my pieces filling me with Starlight yes you set me free so long I've been lost it only took one person to believe in me I am found I am found next to you and if I fell from the sky high I think I'd end up in your heart and as we li skyine it's like the world to stops in time and now found again I am found again wo if I fell from the sky high I think i' end up in your heart and as we lie heart and this we watch the sky light it's like the world stops in again and now F again I never knew this could happen the life had a plan for me just another disappointment another nobody in the street then he came along and took me in taught me how to love and the life is for the living I don't know where this will go now I'll take you up when you say it doesn't matter anyhow I know the grace will shine down me and take me to exactly where I need to be and I know the grace will shine down me and give me every that I so barely need and gra only me I know it's been a long day but I'm glad I've got you to hold and I've come a long way but i' still got so far to go and everyone in a while I can see you walk in and you li of the scene that smile takes my breath way I'll take your word when you say your love is here to stay and I know the grace Will shout down on me and save me to exactly where I need me and give me everything that I so badely need a Grace only me how can I explain the change is going on inside they lift me up then leave me blind I want to be the man that's always there to take your hand can help you find the gold buried in the sand and I know the grace will shine down on me and K me everything that I so badly need and I know the grace will shine down on me and take me to exactly where I need to me give me everything that I so badly need gra only leave me

  Top Comments:
  1. @MOVIEBANDproduction [30 likes]: ✅ Join our cinematic community and discover the world of cinema together with us!
https://www.youtube.com/@MOVIEBANDproduction/featured?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @Matiijonus [2 likes]: I am from africa, what an amazing movie actual it gave me energy to transform my self into a good man and transform my society by love.....
  3. @lifeinsights_1 [1 likes]: Mmm.... such an intense movie. Lessons of kindness.
What we put into life is what we will be remembered for
  4. @joneskondowe7779 [1 likes]: This is beatiful
  5. @thilanratnayake7924 [1 likes]: Really good movie 🌹🌹🌹
And those actors and actresses done a great job..lovely places saw in northern Island...thank you very much again...🙏🙏🙏
March 12 th 2026
  6. @rabaromar4100: Name of the movie please
  7. @StephanieAllan-e9v: I really enjoyed the movie 🎥.  It’s a relief tip-off see something happy and inspiring.  💌👏🏽
  8. @AR-hf1bv: So she messed around on her husband and had another kid and now she's whoring around with the American that comes in the town while she's trying to make things better with her ex so he'll come and see his children more yeah great message
  9. @lifeinsights_1: 1:23:29 My favorite people in the movie 😅. The 2 gossips
  10. @lifeinsights_1: 57:51 POWER OF NETWORK
  11. @lifeinsights_1: 34:56 He's such a proud man
  12. @mosessky256: 😊😊 this movie is WOW🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉 congratulations to the directors, actors, and all those who contributed towards the production of this great movie ❤❤❤ let me not forget body who is behind the Music❤❤❤

Watching this movie from Uganda 🇺🇬
  13. @I_Luv_to_Skate: Heartwarming movie worth watching ❤️✨
  14. @helpothers3357: Too slow
  15. @e-mallmall9361: The movie was very touching
  16. @machinramror: Wow! Kindness is free😊so be kind❤
  17. @Akonuche_001: Just want to mark my attendance, this is a beautiful movie ❤.
  18. @kunaljaiswal4538: Great movie, it was lovely watching it.
  19. @opuschannel37: You guys made me cry so hard 😂
  20. @ShirleyKeen-r2t: Shirley in Minden, LA USA This is such a touching movie, I'm sure I will watch in again, and again!!

- ALONENESS TO ONENESS - Best Life Changing Spiritual Documentary Film on Non-duality: Kind: captions Language: en during my travels in india i met a man at an ashram he was about 45 50. a little older than everyone else he tells me a story he had retired and he was traveling on a motorcycle with his wife at the time coming behind them a truck ran into them and it killed his wife and he was badly injured almost died told he wouldn't necessarily walk again in a coma for a while when he came out of it and found out what had happened he naturally was devastated and heartbroken and physically broken and he knew that his road ahead of rehabilitation and physically and psychologically was going to be hard he had one friend who was a yoga teacher who said we're going to get you started on the path to recovery so she came over and threw yoga helped him be able to walk again after he could walk and regained his ability to move around he decided to head to india and explore some more yoga and while he was there he started to learn about meditation and hinduism and buddhism so he told me that you know he never would have thought to ever go down this path he would have probably laughed at anyone who goes to india to find themselves you know i said did you get what you were hoping for and he said even though i lost my wife i've never been happier because it put me on this path i remember joking with my friend in high school that can you think about not thinking we noticed that the mind never stops thinking and we noticed that you really can't think about not thinking and that was a kind of a question that plagued me for a long time there's a greater wisdom that comes when we're not clouded in thought when we're not lost in thought when we're addressing exactly what's happening and not some mentally constructed simulation of what's actually happening we always see movies and they have this beginning and end but any movie you see something happened before it started we just don't see it so we fall for this illusion that things have this beginning and end for a long time physics believed that there was a beginning to the universe and only now they're beginning to say there might have been something before we get attached to certain people and forms and things and situations the truth is nothing less the truth is things will always change when i was an ad man in new york i had a unique perspective of how marketing and advertising works and how it creates demand and how it influences people to want products they would never normally have wanted and i was responsible for a lot of that [Music] more money more clothes more luxury items more cars vacations nicer home nicer furniture we all know this feeling of you want something you get it you feel this rush of dopamine and then very soon after you crash and you want something else the native americans have one of the most beautiful concepts in the world they have 10 000 different languages and all these tribes and none of them have a word for ownership or possession they don't understand the concept of how something can belong to one person it's really a man-made legal you can't truly own anything what you really realize is that so much of what people get obsessed about and go crazy over is just not important not necessary yeah i i suffer because i crave things that i don't have and i have an aversion to things that i don't want when you can just step back and see the big picture and know that good things will come good things will go bad things will come bad things will go then your happiness doesn't rely on any kind of external situation that's the key to lasting happiness a lot of people in our modern materialistic world think that success equals happiness that if they just get this position or this raise or this bonus they'll be happy but personal experience as well as scientific studies have shown that once people's basic needs are met more success bigger titles do not make us happy we almost fail to see the blessings we have and we focus solely on what someone else has we don't have one book i read was called becoming your own therapist by a high buddhist llama and that's to me what i found that spirituality really is when you realize life is an illusion that everything is one that everything has meaning because we project meaning onto it that you can kind of awaken from this rollercoaster of life step off and just appreciate in the marvel at the you know engineering of the roller coaster or the complexities of life instead of feeling so attached to it and consumed by it we all have spiritual moments throughout our lives that first moment you see a sunset or a flower maybe a piece of art and you just say wow and and in that really true awe and wonder you know that childlike wonder that school's usually beat out of us that is the moment we're all fully present fully alert fully appreciative and and there's a a real connection made between the experience and the experiencer god and the universe are really interchangeable words the universe loves us god loves us have faith in the universe have faith in god it's all it's all the same i mean if if god is everywhere then god is the universe and you don't have to believe in god to believe in the universe i am god but so are you so is everybody so treat everyone like god including yourself and remember even though you're god you're no better than anyone else a wise man once said the universe created itself to experience itself through us names are useful in that they help you know who someone's talking to but they can also be a deception because the truth is we're all just the same we're all one who you are who you think you are the the personality you've constructed and that other people have told you you are your name your class religion whether it's a sexuality or a gender or nationality this physical body is your house you are the inhabitant the you i'm talking about is the life force energy the conscious awareness which there is no physical part of the brain or body that science has found that is responsible for consciousness and when we focus on these labels and identify with our temporary experience we mistake our deepest sense of self with some temporary experience and we see people as labels instead of infinite beings of potential and it allows for a dehumanizing of each other if you were to look at human skin under an electron microscope you would not be able to tell where the human being begins and ends there is no fine barrier between the person and the universe there is just a flow from one to the next and the only reason we perceive separateness is because of the limitations of our senses human beings can only see 0.0001 percent of the spectrum of light and we can only hear point zero zero zero one percent of the spectrum of sound if we could see infrared and if we could see ultraviolet and x-rays and energy and hear the whole spectrum of sounds the universe would appear very differently there would be no empty space it would be so full we would just see this sea of energy and there would only be oneness separate you no separateness there's a deep interconnectedness there's only oneness there's a difference between loneliness and aloneness loneliness is when being alone causes suffering but aloneness is ultimately recognizing others as yourself that you are one with everything all suffering exists in the mind no matter what happens to you no matter how terrible there can be peace you are not your trauma you are not your circumstances you are that eternal unchanging light of consciousness your true nature cannot be hurt your body can be hurt your property can be lost but nothing can touch the true you space silence our pure conscious awareness are similar in that nothing can alter those states you can never freeze space or burn space or alter in any way it's eternal and unchanging this is the nature our true selves the realization comes that it's not your life you can't possess something you are you are life all the knowledge and wisdom is in each and every one of us you don't have to read any book or belong to any religion this is a universal available to everyone way of living never forget that every moment is a miracle you know that's that's the goal of spirituality is to never forget that death is the beginning of the last great adventure and exploration of humanity it's every person gets to go explore this thing that no living person knows about death and of itself is a beautiful process it's it's like being born death is the great equalizer no matter how rich or how poor we're all going to that same direction everybody lives on through life living on we're all the same life force energy and that that'll go on forever life will go on experiencing the universe as the universe intended we've all been everybody and we'll all be everybody it's it's about enjoying the good times while they're here and knowing they won't last and when the bad times come we uh we know they won't last either imagine a movie where the camera is shaking all the time it would be the worst movie you've ever seen you could barely focus on anything that's going on and you'd probably walk out in five minutes stillness is everything an opportunity to observe our chaotic mind and allow it to settle down no matter what else is happening you

  Top Comments:
  1. @ToddPerelmuter [258 likes]: A lot of people have reached out with questions about some of the topics covered in this film. I answer all those questions and more in my new book, Aloneness to Oneness, now available at https://a.co/d/gO0231C

Here is me having a bit of fun responding to mean comments on Aloneness to Oneness: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S2nNrArDtNk
  2. @RachelTorrez-k4s [2 likes]: Thank you!!🎢🎢🎢 So much TRUTH!! We Inter-Are
  3. @zakk8366 [1 likes]: Thank you this gave me some comfort today when i needed it ❤
  4. @natesiple6194 [1 likes]: Thank you for putting my thoughts into words for me 🙏🏼
  5. @OshoTeachingss [1 likes]: Aloneness is not loneliness it is your purest state. When you are no longer seeking the other to complete you, a deep silence flowers within. In that silence, you are whole, overflowing, and free. Be alone… and you will discover you were never lacking anything!!! 💛💛💛💛💛💛💛💛
  6. @nicolassinclair1271: An Albus admirer too I see. Thanks sharing.
  7. @titogav: Great video!! thanks!!
  8. @Frozix-0: How does one stop suffering through loneliness all while completly understanding oneness?
  9. @michaelpapadopoulos4957: i m not ready for this. unfortunately some day - soon enough - i will be.
  10. @ThePathlessVagabond: I’ve always found it odd that everything we call “I” just happens to us, like a trapped observer following a script or robotic routine.

Yet, even just being an observer, I still feel like there’s a separate owner behind it all sometimes. But if I actually look for that owner, it never quite shows up.

My thoughts keep claiming it all belongs to someone, but eventually that someone starts to feel more like an idea than tangible. And if there is no me, then there's no separation between what's perceived as outside and what I thought was inside.

The more I look for a clear boundary between 'myself' and everything else, the harder it is to find one.
  11. @tamrarusheed: My spiritual awakening came during my 7-8 years of homelessness. I find it so amazing to come across videos like this and verbatim say what I have been saying to people for years.  We are spiritually beings having life experiences. Extensions of the Universe trying to understand itself. Every single living thing, down to the last blade of grass is made of one and the same energy. The idea of God is a weird concept to me because it would not be a “He” nor a “She” nor would it be a separate entity from us. It is Us, it’s the light you see, the air you breath, the ground you walk on, it is water, fire, the stars and sky, it’s the preacher as well as that serial killer. It’s you. It’s me. It is Everything! And I truly believe that being made of one and the same energy, energy does not die. It simply changes from one form to another. So when we die, it is not the end. It’s a transformation
  12. @King-7-: I would love to meet you! To talk about life, to understand more about universe. I have just realized life is more to the eyes and ears. I just out of my innocent bubble after experiencing the difference between 2 countries. I’m looking for the like minded people cause I see that not all of us understand life this way. Please take me in.
  13. @germanautor: Connecting to God
  14. @Octo_Mystic: Monkey see monkey do
  15. @KackyMuse: Thank you for this beautiful and calm perspective.
  16. @robyn8842: Such a dark, abysmal soundtrack. I would have chosen lighter music!
  17. @gourienimbalkar3823: ❤
  18. @rbbiefah: 5:58 – 6:29 (the key to lasting happiness) is actually to realy on something beyond thought for enjoyment that is eternal and unchanging .This si NAM .The inner light and sound that comes from God into our consciousness and which we can hear if traiend by and adept
  19. @LauralynThrockmorton-i9c: Peace through peace.
There is no other way.
❤❤❤
  20. @247Empowerment: This hit different… ✨

- 3 Hours for the NEXT 30 Years of Your LIFE | Best Motivational Speeches: Kind: captions Language: en sometimes success is merely hanging on when others would let go not doing anything spectacular or out of the ordinary not leaping a mile or jumping over a mountain but simply carrying on Thomas Edis has a famous quote that's really stuck with me over the years he says many of life's failures are people who did not realize how close they were to success when they gave up right how close they were to the Finish Line when they turned their back and said it wasn't worth it it's really an interesting thing to grasp success is seeing what others can't it's believing when others don't it's taking the abstract those Visions those pictures in your head to make believe and finding the courage to make them real bring them to life it's this constantly evolving process and it grows a little bit every single day sometimes we feel that progress we feel the momentum we do something big and it's exciting and sometimes the progress feels small and then there are times when we get knocked down and we don't see it at all we feel like because we weren't validated that we lost that we failed that it wasn't enough we forget that's part of the process that progress is a journey and it goes when you go and it stops when you stop just like that famous Dolly Lama quote right the only way to fail is to quit period no one ever stops because they can't they stop because they decide to they stop because they see that huge mountain and they think that's impossible they forget it's only made of little rocks they stop because they get so disheartened by the distance of the finish line that they forget it only takes a collection of little steps to get there you don't have to LEAP the entire distance you know I've been there right it's this is me speaking from experience it took me years to figure it out and even now life is rapidly evolving I've poured my heart into things that let's be honest no one cared about I've invested in opportunities that fell apart right in front of me and each time it felt like the end of the world I've been lost I've been unsure gotten up after things didn't go as planned and it felt like a loser I had to look myself in the mirror and pick myself back up off the floor but there's one thing that I kept doing that I never thought twice about and that's continuing on whether life lifted me up or it beat me down my plan for tomorrow was always the same get up and try again keep going and as I sat down this morning with my pen and a piece of paper I thought what's the one thing I would want to be told if I started out again what's the one thing that people need to hear most and it's to Simply keep going keep taking steps cuz one day the world will start to make sense and you'll look around and you will be thankful for one thing that when most would have stopped you didn't when the world said no you said yes there is nothing so powerful as a soul that refuses to back down see p existence is not an important thing or an essential thing it's everything so live as to see not what can be lost but what will be gained find that light in darkness even if it's a a flicker even if it's a spark see every loss makes you a little tougher and every instant of sadness uncovers Something Beautiful every moment of fear teaches you to be a little braver every broken heart opens the door to a new connection instead of doubting yourself feeling inadequate in life's darkest moments know that you need what you are going through you are uncovering the little victories hidden in plain view so when the world feels like too much and your patience is thin be stronger than that voice in your head begging you to think small stand on every experience the good and the bad let it elevate you to a beautiful tomorrow [Music] if there's time then there's time to turn things around if there is a tomorrow than there is hope today the only have to bees in life are the ones we prop up and adhere to and how interesting that often times we don't even realize we're the ones holding them up there's a simple question that I like to ask as the sun comes up in the coffee bruise am I living today like it's an obligation or something more is it an automatic continuation of the path past or a methodical move towards a future that lights me up and these aren't small distinctions right I've lived both ways I've felt what it's like to feel both I remember going to work and joking around that a flat tire would be a real treat that's not accountability that's not control that's essentially living life as a jellyfish floating along with the tide and while the lack of required output Innovation and and planning may have felt like a win in the moment or a burden lifted off my shoulders at the time deprived me of that which resides in the soul of every human being alive purpose personal agency see you can only go so far so long being The Spectator of your own Journey you can only go so long looking out the window before you wonder just what it'd be like to be behind the wheel when we put our actions up against the question why it astounds me how many things are done because it's what we've always done we act like we're expected to act think like we're expected to think see who we're expected to see but expected by whom some of my greatest breakthroughs in life emerged after being asked why by people I look up to or respect why have you accepted that that's your income okay great but why that's how you spend your day I see how calm and when one is tasked with looking at their own life through a magnifying glass some Hidden Truths always emerge it shines a spotlight in the corner of the room Illuminating those Shadows where one can if they look hard enough make out the wolf in sheep's clothing that is the phrase because that's how I've always he's done it we get in life what we accept we are what we allow ourselves to be and if we don't ask ourselves which mountain is worth climbing which ocean is worth Crossing we simply float with the tides we're at the mercy of the Winds we forfeit the Mastery over our own lives that await if we're willing to take that wheel in that so here are a few things to take with you first is you are bound by nothing the parameters you exist between are of your making you can get in that car and drive you can walk away and begin something new you can entertain that Vision that's been conveniently tucked away in the back of your mind understand that to not go is fine but it's a decision and perhaps a decision You'll wish you made differently and second difficult today liberate you tomorrow it's easier to observe it's easier to say how you wish things were after all stepping out into the fast-paced chaotic world is tough It's scary it's unpredictable but it's where you find yourself and the path that's calling your name it's beyond the pins and needles emerging as one jumps into the cold water that they're able to find that Evolution if there's time then there's time to turn things around if there is a tomorrow then there is hope today what's the difference between simple and easy well simple is straightforward uncomplicated easy on the other hand means achieved without great effort the difference between those two words is subtle but essential to understand one deals with the complexity of an outcome the other your will and determination to achieve that outcome becoming who you most want to be is simple but becoming who you most want to be is not easy just like walking is simple yet hiking up a mountain is not easy the procedure didn't change the context did so let's talk about context let's talk about this cyclical nature of growth because it's not that most people can't it's that most people won't it's not that most people don't get how it's that they don't have a strong enough why the path is laid out before you you just have to be willing to walk down it will you step one real realiz there's more out there it's not that what you're doing now isn't amazing it's just that yesterday's Act of Courage is now today's status quo what was the spectacular is now the mundane what was once the ceiling you had to jump to touch is now the floor you walk on so at the very least it prompts you to ask well what's next simple not easy step two the acquisition of Courage yesterday's courage was a fight took a lot out of you and it's ultimately what got you here but it dropped you with the curb it waved goodbye and went on its merry way and here you are you can stay here a lot of people do you can reminisce of the Glory Days the old past yesterday's triumphs or you can do that perpetually uncomfortable exercise of vulnerability stepping into tomorrow's unknown reminding yourself that life's greatest rewards have a hefty price tag and that price is discomfort but have already played this game one might think no what you did was learn the rules now it's time to apply them to a new setting and around goes the merry go round it might seem like a replication from the horizontal but here's the secret you can't see the vertical you have yet to look down and see your Ascent see what you're becoming just by staying on holding tight just by believing in yourself enough to begin again you are Fanning those tiny flames of courage in your soul that wait to be spread like a wildfire simple but not easy step three mistakes now of course it's not the mistakes themselves you fear it's what you think those mistakes will mean ridicule embarrassment lack of direction or identity losing what you have but here's the catch when you realize the upside is greater than the down side you liberate yourself when you realize there's more to gain than to lose your potential for greatness is born how does one act on this Mistakes by making mistakes by injecting yourself into the turbulence of progress our biology has not yet learned that the uncomfortable thing is the right thing and that's why you get resistant that's why it hurts and it's why few people will accomplish what you will when it comes to your Climb Every day is opposite day when they run out you're running in when they play safe you play for the victory to become who you might be you must learn how to get there mistakes are your curriculum simple but not easy step four trust yourself okay sure no problem easy well yeah it's easy when you're getting what want but evolution takes time and there's nothing quite like giving and giving and giving and not getting there's nothing quite like stepping up to the plate again and again and again and bringing no Runners home so how does one find the strength to continue walking up to the batter's box well growth is exponential and those swings and misses matter the infield singles matter everything matters because it's all chiseling your future self out of stone nothing is dependent on the next at bat as much as all at bats in the aggregate that's why success is so often considered to be sheer will dependent not on the home run but on the discipline the self-belief to keep walking up to the plate repetition and adjustment repetition and adjustment repeat and refine repeat refine those are the materials from which all things are made easy and then we have the finale the ending step five celebrate and adjust at some point you'll be able to look over your shoulder and notice something that perhaps you hadn't before space space between where you are and where you started it's not sudden but gradual and undoubtedly with enough persistence it will emerge these moments they are precious they are times to acknowledge what you've accomplished the sacrifices you have made they are life's way of reminding you what you are building and who you are becoming it's a time of Celebration every little win means something every small victory matters so Relish in it and then transform it normalize it recognize that that Mountaintop is your foundation now your starting point has changed and so have you which means so have your expectations with an increase in ability comes an upgrade to what's possible what's expected and look at that we have arrived at a new step one realize there is more this is the process for capturing that which life has to offer if you can fall in love with that appreciate it respect it while simultaneously understanding it's not scary it's dependent entirely on your ability to push forward if you can understand that there is nothing you can't do nowhere you can't go simple Yes easy no but you're not in this for easy you're in it for the journey the growth the adventure you're in it because it's not easy you'll see in time as will the world that this decision to endure was simply the best one you ever made the other day I woke up with a plan three things I had to do so I wrote them on my whiteboard they were essentially my objectives for the day but it ended up being one of those days where things didn't unfold the way I anticipated and for a variety of reasons curveball after curveball with some sloppy decisionmaking sprinkled in there um eventually morning became afternoon afternoon became evening I found myself exhausted and looking up at a a whiteboard that was showing me I had accomplished none of the things listed and I hate that feeling having clear objectives and not meeting them right and so after dinner I got a phone call and I found myself talking about how I fell short getting it all off my chest letting it all out there and I got that reassurance that I wanted without even realizing that I wanted it right the voice said back to me Eddie this happens it's not a big deal in the grand scheme of things no one's perfect you put a lot of pressure on yourself tomorrow's a new day right that type of thing and it's like okay exhale time for bed and the next morning I was outside relaxing doing some thinking and came to this point and you'll see how these dots connect here in a second um but essentially I see Life as a staircase right where we thrust ourselves out uh into discomfort into chaos and then amidst the storm we're forced to grow we step into shoes we were once unable to fill you what was once bigger than us is now normal it's everyday it's ordinary because we fought for it we pushed ourselves through that's Evolution but now guess what that old ceiling has become the floor it's time to evolve it's time for that next step in the staircase time to thrust ourselves back into the chaos of life so that we can again tame something bigger than us take the next intimidating thing and make it common place and as I sat there outside thinking I found myself to be at that next step ready to LEAP out again into the tumultuous Winds of life but this time it felt different there's an intersection and I talk about it often uh of doing what adds value to the world and doing what makes you content personally okay I think where those two things uh meet is Peak living that's where the magic happens and I'm fortunate enough that these thoughts speeches episodes videos whatever you want to call them uh on some days literally reach over 200,000 people and that's not meant to be a a humble brag or anything like that it's just to me so incredible ible that I can't process it right I get emotional thinking about it my dream is to add value to other people provide that little lift that might help someone look at their own problems differently maybe see a path when before they were unable to that's what it's all about and then in addition to that a parallel track on a personal level feeling like I'm growing growing and evolving as well constantly stepping up those stairs one by one Having the courage to continue fighting those unknowns and making sense of life's complexities that's why so many of you were on this journey with me and so as I looked up at that next step and it felt bigger than it ever had before I knew the task needed to be bigger than it's ever been which would require of me one of the biggest changes I've ever made and that scared me to death knowing that in order for something to be born something must die something must be left behind I've been stepping forward for years and thank God for that but now it was time for a leap and so back to that whiteboard I mentioned earlier if you hang in with me long enough I usually come full circle right back to the list of goals I missed the bad day why am I so fixated on that well it has nothing to do with the day itself everyone's swings and misses from time to time it has nothing to do with those three goals Everyone Falls short here and there that's part of life it's about the person I want to be as I Endure those turbulent times it's about the strength to handle my own chaos and battles differently before you can lead others you need to lead yourself and that means being vulnerable it means being honest it means looking in the mirror and asking yourself the tough questions it means being stronger than I've ever been there will be times that require of me that I push forward without having to hear from my parents or girlfriend or buddies that everything's all right the next step requires that I trust myself to be the guy in my own life to have impact in the world one must find strength within themselves where they didn't know it existed this is a a leveling up that I know is required for me to be more than I've ever been stronger Bolder more confident when I'm most fearful there was a line I used to draw separating me in the people I look up to and the moment for me was a message I knew it was time for me to mentally remove that line you'll never be more than you envision yourself be it was time to be my own answer promote myself to that next level from the kid with the dream to the man that makes it happen it's time it's just simply time even the ones I love the ones closest to me they can't provide that has to be internally derived from a place so deep that come hell or high water it's happening and telling people about my little misfortunes so that they can Pat me on the head and and tell me things are great that's antithetical to what is required of me next there is a level of courage and strength and excellence in all of us that lives at the bottom of this Abyss that we must pull up with everything we have until it becomes intertwined with who we are and where we're headed and as I sat there I knew it to be true I couldn't help but feel that change was about to happen and it would stem directly from how I see myself it would be the product of who I knew myself to be and so now most importantly I present this question to you are you at that next step are you looking at a Chasm that must be crossed were all your little decisions all the courage and discipline and strength that you utilize to get here here that has positioned you for this moment is it telling you something is next is it time to dig deeper and be more than you have ever in your life been and my example by the way was not about holding in our problems or dismissing those around us asking for help and we need help is courage the small circle we surround ourselves with is a direct reflection of who we are no for me it was about being the type of person who trusts myself to weather those storms about moving with greater conviction graduating from going to be to is currently that whiteboard that phone call was the turning point and nothing more and my example may fit your life like a glove you may think wow that's exactly the lens I need right now but maybe it's not maybe your situation is a little different maybe the road you're on is newer Less Traveled maybe it's the courage to take that first step to play the student perfect because whatever it is as you look up at that next step what matters is that you know in your heart and soul that you have what it takes to become that person it's not bigger than you you it you someone once told me that the world will not believe it until you do so believe believe it like your dreams depend on it because as it turns out they do as it turns out everything about your future is make believe until you breathe life into it look around you at your current reality remember that it is a product of what you've allowed and that at any time you can up the anti climb the step reach a new level you have it within yourself to do that just give yourself permission to be that person and it will be scary it's going to hurt at times but let's be that vulnerable let's show the world what we can create when we move into it as though it's ours as though Destiny isn't assigned but written one beautiful Act of Courage at a time can life change in a day well what if we made today a day of action of being decisive of promising ourselves that our goal or objective is to make a single move however small what if today action is King and we live by the notion that whether the result of our courage is good or bad whether it's the result we hoped for the one that we didn't at least now we have something to work off of and that means we've moved Beyond where we started What If Today We Live by the notion that a vision can change our lives but a vision without that small step is powerless and today we take that small step it's easy to forget how good progress feels how incredible it is to know that we're moving towards something meaningful in our lives something that we chose that we're building we had the courage to break life down so that Peace by piece we could could build it back up we are our happiest when we are progressing we're designed to map out the unknown unexplored territory to make it our own we're not just flesh and Bone but Travelers with Godlike capability of seeing that which is not yet there and with an idea and courage there's nothing thing we can't do and that's why when we stop seeing infinite opportunity when we pretend that settling is okay the status quo is enough we know deep down in our souls that something's missing we need the next door to unlock so today let's find just one door that we can open it remind yourself of the shock wave that goes through your system when inspiration guides an idea and progress turns that idea into reality because momentum connects every aspect of life not hitting this snooze button can mean seeing the sunrise which can mean you read three pages in a book you wouldn't have read which could mean your day improves which could mean you make a call that that you've been meaning to make which could mean a dozen Wheels start turning not because you did everything but because you did one thing today can be the day that changes your life and you don't even need the miraculous to make that happen you just need to push back against the normal SE of your everyday create little microcosms of Chaos that you can tame you can understand make your own and then stack on top of each other today treat that little voice of uneasiness or nervousness in your stomach as assurance that the path before you is the right one remember that almost all decisions are reversible but that a decision at least put you somewhere right or wrong it moves you along and shows you more of Life the things the people the places you've never seen before and the only bad decision is no decision some folks never move towards meaning towards the things that they want in well their lifetime because they didn't realize it wasn't an earthquake they needed to shake the old world at its foundation they needed to make one Decision One decision that might be wrong but at the very least would reassure them that wrong decisions aren't fatal a decision allows you to remap a new reality and take another step and another and another you can change your life today by picking your Arena and simply stepping into it you don't need to be the best or the greatest or the most Innovative no that's for another day today if you want to change your life open the door and step in you'll be amazed at what transpires why is this battle you versus you with all the complexity all the obstacles out there why are you your greatest opponent well to put it simply because all those obstacles and all that complexity still can't tell you no they can't say enough is enough they can't look back at you and say let's just settle for what we have now know only you can do that the world may create the landscape it may construct the terrain and those obstacles but you are the sole decider on where along the way you stop you decide how far you want to go and how much you are willing to endure when it comes to your advancement or limitation you are in the driver's seat I just picked up a copy of Will Smith's recent book and one of the ideas that stood out to me was resilience and this part in the book it's actually kind of uncomfortable to get through but incredibly powerful he's talking about his childhood and the polarity of his father's personality a man who would do anything to provide for his family he took pride in that and saw it as his primary responsibility but simult aneous was their greatest source of pain and he mentions his father you know hitting his mother from time to time in one particular example struck his mother in the face so hard that it knocked her on the floor and as she stood back up she said something along the lines of you can hit me but you can't hurt me and that was the first time will understood as a child the difference between uh what the outside world inflicts upon us and how we choose to react to that occurrence that understanding is power that's why you are the author of story in this sense that every single thing dropped at your feet every situation every occurrence they come with an implicit question attached a question that you and only you are responsible for answering the question is what does this mean and how you respond to that question determines whether you go left or right at that metaphorical fork in the road is the occurrence detract from your Ambitions or is it a multiplier does it confirm your doubts and insecurities or is it your reason to rise to the occasion an opportunity to stretch to evolve that's a gift that's an invite not some sort of divine punishment but the challenge is removing the layers until you arrive at the value and it's hard but you get there by saying yes you get there by choosing to see the value and here's a a quick example my favorite thing about Athletics which was for me a ton of running now I throw uh more interval training in there but the same Concepts apply it's a chance to remind myself that I don't negotiate with my weakness I don't give myself an opportunity to rationalize with the voice that wants me to quit that question that fork in the road I answered it I charted its course before the workout started knowing this is going to be uncomfortable at times but it's where I need to go there will be no more thinking from here on out so today's workout for example switching dead lips burpees to squats to core you don't think you see the next requirement the next task and you simply say yes you don't need your mind for this in fact you go before your mind even knows where it's going because that dotted line has already been signed and that was the Breakthrough for me when you separate what you have to do with the hurt associated with doing that thing you free yourself after all what's there to hold you back if you can't talk yourself out of doing things see we tend to think our greatest adversity is the pain or the confusion or the Unown known but it's like no those are the byproducts of doing anything of significance the adversary is the voice that begs you to slow down because of those things and if you can figure out in your own life how to create space between the two how to separate the task and the discomfort often brought about by the task there's nothing that will ever be able to slow you down and look I'm not saying that you walk around without ever utilizing the power of that brilliant mind you possess one's ability to think is everything but what I am saying is there is a time to shut it off there is a time in which to avoid overthinking we simplify Action Reaction one more mile okay end of story one minute of jump squats next Roger that period it's taking the emot motion out of the process refusing to leave the door cracked for the inner dialogue that says hey maybe you don't do this maybe you slow down are you sure you can handle what's next no all of that is tuned out it's assignment go next go next go you know this is the right thing you did your thinking before grabbing the sword shield and stepping into the arena now guess what it's instinct it's doing what has to be done and what has to be done hurts and look you didn't have to accept that you didn't have to step in you could have stayed home but somewhere along the way you looked in the mirror and said the difficult path is the one with the value and now here you are face to face with hungry lions clashing swords with your adversaries there's no turning back now now is when you parse out pain from the objective the pain is now part of the audience it's not with you or in you it's watching from above as you do what you came here to do so yes those swords Clash but the eyes remain focused on what's ahead and yes those Lions Roar but that's background noise when you simplify your world into objective and action objective action objective action there is time for nothing but forward progress and sometimes that is all that is required of us in the face of adversity in the face of pain self-doubt in the face of discomfort can you break your world down into nothing but one single step forward one more set one more rep one more Session One More attempt just one more no rocket science no negotiation there's nothing to figure out here it's walking the path before you it's the discipline to carry on it's one more swing of the axe audience or no audience lions are no Lions you are bound to the universe at your feet and that simplified concentration is why you will succeed the road to this moment wasn't an easy one there were times where you thought you knew but simply didn't there were plans made that drastically differed from the ones fate had prepared there were days that made you question yourself your beliefs that made you ask what is my purpose look to live is to have felt these things asked these questions to have seen firsthand the discrepancy between what we draw up and how life unfolds and I think about this discrepancy often the swings and misses they hurt you know that quick shiver you feel down your spine when thinking about the wrong turns made the tugging at your heartstrings when reflecting back on things said or perhaps worse left unsaid it's easy to get lost in that feedback loop letting the past dictate the present letting yesterday Define today but here's what I've come to see as the truth to experience the things that make life beautiful we have to be vulnerable in a way we otherwise wouldn't open ourselves up to an unknown that you know we could have skipped all together if we really wanted to all that pain all that hurt the past provided could very easily be the reason you shut down the reason you play small that hell you walk through could be your justification for never stepping out into the chaos of life again that would at first glance appear sense seem ideal even but that pain could also be the reason you look around you and say after all that After experiencing everything life threw at me I'm still here and as I stand here now I'm looking out at an array of possibility that is infinite I'm equipped with an understanding and a world viiew that was once foreign to me I'm armed with a perspective that has changed my my life for the better by stepping out into the often dangerous brutal unforgiving world I have elevated myself and that has made all the difference and while it may feel intuitive to run from a reiteration of yesterday's pain it's wisdom that urges us to ins said use that pain as a multiplier the key to something more something miraculous not to cower because we once endured it but to Stand Tall because we overcame it and that's what we often miss we can think back to the adversity sure but we're often unable to see how that adversity shaped us our own strength it's never going to scream out at us it's never going to let us know it's there we have to take the time to acknowledge its presence we have to peer over our shoulders to see how far we've traveled we'll always have obstacles before us but if we don't stop in assess we won't see that the obstacles have gotten bigger not because life's gotten harder but because our own Evolution has permitted us to step into bigger Arenas it has equipped us to take on larger adversaries a simple willingness to be vulnerable has become the flame that lit up your your soul so the question is will you step out will you see that vulnerability not as a crack in the foundation or a in the armor but as strength to love it requires accepting a susceptibility to being hurt to play the game requires an acceptance that you just might come up short to bet on yourself means understanding that you might fall right on your face to want more than you have now means acknowledging that you might be humbled along the way this is what it means to live giving a piece of yourself in order to acquire that which means the most the torturous often counterintuitive willingness to step out into the darkness of night when your heart races and your mind moves a million miles a minute that's vulnerable that is power and it's an investment in a tomorrow that otherwise would not have been available to you you are not your past you are the wisdom derived from its lessons the courage removed from its trials and the hurt that hurt that was perhaps that one point the only thing you felt it's not your reason to shrink into yourself it's your reason to step back out to say to the universe I have have the strength to again dance with the unknown to risk the short-term discomforts that life often hands out like candy in exchange for the chance years from now to look at your reflection and say I got back up I did the hard thing I followed my heart I wandered into that Darkness to obtain the wondrous reality that is for a Time concealed I did that so love again grow again try again build again believe again see again Feel Again step out into the world again this is who you are underneath the fear and insecurity underneath all those reasons to not go there lives the beginning of the miracle that is life and it won't be easy the timing will never feel perfect but the question will always exist it will always exist within an Arms Reach of where you stand can you be that vulnerable can you be that courageous and not just when things are going well but amidst the turmoil the chaos the self-doubt when your memory only wants to play highlight reels of where things went wrong where you swung and missed will you choose to see those moments not as the chains that confine you but as the strength that elevates you will you be vulnerable enough to give away some of you in order to expand transform all of you when our backs are against the wall we're forced to become more when the clock is ticking we are tasked with finding answers that hide Among Us it's in the darkness we find light and while lost we find ourselves the Paradox of life is that from our pain comes our purpose our Evolution and our greatness I love thinking back to about 2014 making my way around Boston having just quit my job essentially purposely less clinging to a YouTube channel and a podcast idea that I would name your world within and why why do I think back why does this mean everything to me well because at the time I knew nothing I understood nothing nothing about speaking or media audio video nothing about running a business but more importantly I knew very little about about life and what's truly required to progress in a world with infinite moving Parts I didn't know that my lack of understanding is what made everything feel overwhelming and complex and that it was up to me to simplify I didn't know the extent to which I'd have to befriend failure and that was the most eye-opening realization cuz when you gravitate towards a risk-free existence and you box yourself in as I had for so long um of course you don't get the upside but you also don't fail as dramatically either you know life was a simple game of cause and effect do work get result not much room for more than that and so stepping outside that box in the way that I did uh change change some rules I learned some things first you can spend time on something you can exhaust energy on something and get nothing in the short term for your effort and I mean nothing unless you count getting your pride stomped on unless you count your friends disappearing when you need them most unless you count self-doubt and a constant uh worry about not amounting to anything I mean these are very raw very real human emotions they tend to arise when we start something new but in them is also power this is where the light bulb turns on and the path emerges it's where I learn that we only get what we want when we endure what we don't and what a foreign concept when you think about it right it's like Eddie take this mic go stand in front of this audience and pour your heart out your knees are shaking chest is pounding but D trust me it'll be good for you and funny enough it was it was because the fear in my stomach became the indicator that something new something exciting something more was around the corner like Pavlov's dog hearing that Bell anytime the fear kicked in I could feel myself getting closer to something meaningful to a higher version of myself the pain is an invite the sheer Terror and let's face it that's what it feels like sometimes it's an upgrade disguised is the monster that you think you should be running from when it is as I recently mentioned the adversary you should befriend we have to change our relationship with discomfort because our initial understanding the one that comes stock in our minds is never sufficient to build anything of significance its default setting is to preserve the now not expand it and so just like those stock speakers that came in my 1999 Ford F-150 when I was in my early 20s let's rip it out let's customize let's upgrade the quality of the sound we hear and the things we say ourselves what an advantage it is to know that the hard things are what make us level up to find that awareness what a blessing that when life's difficulty startles and scatters masses you could be the one that remains Standing Tall seeking out the advantage amidst the commotion every little Act of Courage becomes more and more meaningful powerful but we must lose ourselves to find ourselves we must embrace our fears if we are to be become courageous we must fail in order to succeed and sure sometimes the price seems steep but I promise not going cost more wishing costs more if only's cost more so maybe for you it isn't a YouTube channel or a speaking career maybe it's something totally different but it is something and should you bring yourself to pursue that which your heart pulls you to pursue you'll have those moments of defeat where you're mad at yourself for leaving the comfort and safety of your previous World you'll have times where you have no idea what to do where you feel alone or stuck or unsure the difference will be whether you see this as the invite you've been waiting for or the reason to turn around and settle for less that's the question how do you internalize all that emotion that will feel like it is consuming you I couldn't believe how strong that Temptation was to go back nagging at me every day just come off the edge just be comfortable again but as my old coach would say in college when we're doing walls sits or something physically taxing seconds you can do anything for 15 seconds and isn't life just a culmination of 15 second windows it's compartmentalizing the process it's turning the difficult into advantageous you have the ability to not think like everyone else you have it within you to rewire your previous conceptions of the world to see Darkness not as your reason to hide from conjured up monsters but as your invitation to become the light remember that the best way to be more is to have the courage to put your back against the wall and you won't want to in the moment there will never be a perfect time but committing to that vulnerability will release from within you the power the strength the greatness that has been for so long tucked away by moving into the chaos you simultaneously creating the calm you always dreamed of you're realizing the possibility that just needed the door left a jar to make its way into your world don't you dare reach for your pocket I told myself in fact take that phone and go put it in another room shut your internet off set your devices to do not disturb and think please think you are losing yourself to distraction or as Cal Newport puts it you know we're we're in a world that demands more thought more deep work than ever before while we all simultaneously become more and more in capable of that focus and to me it feels like more than a a chuckle at our outrageous screen time or a self-deprecating joke about how Reliant we are uh on our phones that the dopamine hit you know I think it's antithetical overall to what we need to where we find our purpose which is a dichotomy that's frustrating true with so many things right that balance for me to have a digital business that means so much to me that I'm so proud of but also tiptoeing around that same digital world like it's a hungry lion capable of devouring me like that's that's a real feeling it's water that's foundational for life but in too large a quantity will kill it's the Sun that while integral and responsible for this planet as we know it also has no problem ending you know anything that's too openly exposed to its Rays to its heat there's always a sweet spot between too much and not enough right that happy medium that intersection is why we're all here because when I don't take time to deeply think when I lose the big picture I remain in a a cycle of routine and sometimes that's great right morning routine is great I don't really have to think about it I'm programmed things like driving a car as du hi explains in The Power of Habit your foot stepping on the gas it's involuntary and thank God for that but one must be able to step outside that Loop and ask the big picture questions we have to make time to at least roughly chart the course and it'll change life will present its obstacles but we'll have at least parsed out what matters and what doesn't when life is all habit and reflex when you've lost the ability to examine the self because one minute alone with your thoughts is agonizing well you you won't be able to see past the surface of who you are and what you're capable of I want to be clear here this is not me uh complaining about perhaps the most prosperous Society ever to exist this is me saying you know there are some dangers that we way too easily Overlook that when you Outsource your thinking you Outsource your future and it's not hard to fall into that trap I just referenced the book deep work a few minutes ago ago um I think it's one of the most important books someone can read in this day and age you know Cal Newport talking about separating ourselves from distraction I remember the day I I first listened to that book I was sick so I wasn't on my usual run I was walking and uh because of that I felt this urge to as the the book was playing to reach into my pocket and check for notifications and it really was eye opening it's like we are scared to completely immerse ourselves in solitude but Solitude is where we uncover so much silence is where we hear what our souls have to say it's where we understand who we are my favorite Joseph Campbell quote the cave you fear holds the treasure you seek and man I hate to say it but I think being alone even for a short period of time is that monster are lurking in the cave you know the one we're scared to confront even though it's what we need Solitude is the demon we are consistently masking in a constant influx of media and small talk and DMS emails you know that stuff has its value but it's it's not real in the sense that I find it disconnected from purpose so here's something that I've been doing and you know I would suggest that you give it a try it's been certainly helpful in my life and start small even if it's 15 minutes but take a walk by yourself no phone and it's challenging at first because you know you you want to be consuming something even if it's um you know educational valuable still right no phone Solitude think about life think about who you are think about what you always wanted and where your current reality aligns think about how much you have and how lucky you are think about any or all of these things but think let your mind go where amidst the push and pole of life you don't often let it wander for example some thoughts from my walk today some of it random sporadic noise some of it more value Val than others but all of it valuable because the process in its entirety is valuable you know I spend some time thinking about the week ahead the things I'm excited about and how to prepare for them and realize one of them I I didn't want to do then had that debate with myself well do I not want to do it because it doesn't align with my goals or because it makes me uncomfortable came to the conclusion that I think it's the ladder so it's staying in my schedule but I'll reassess I thought about Flor I consistently think about how lucky I am to be down here after living in so many cold places um it's just such a a beautiful environment and uh you know one that I don't take for granted I thought about uh a statement I just heard from a professional athlete uh after his surgery talking about how hard it was on him but that he would Rise From the Ashes and he would have the best year of his life and uh you know my mind went to one of the most important rules of leadership that it's not about you or your rise or fall right to lead is to make it about the team about the overall goal and how grateful I was to come across that video to see that and and really dissect it you know sometimes the best ways we learn um is by seeing what not to do right and I'll take that with me I'll take that understanding uh with me on my own Journey last thing I remember I I thought about some of the books I've been consuming I've taken in an insane amount of books over the years uh but I practically stopped reading physical books right and now I consume mostly un audible or other audiobook Methods made me wonder whether the value is equivalent how much that varies from person to person maybe something to research later right that's that's all I remember as I sit here now but the point is you know this is stuff that if I don't immerse myself in solitude and break through the barrier of boredom I don't get to you know and and maybe you go through a week where you don't find much but as the saying goes right one idea one concept one Epiphany can truly change the dynamic of your life could change everything right there are answers just beyond the realm of distraction we operate in some of them pertain to trivialities like the audiobooks and the cold front some of them pertain to your goals and your development Who You Are are where you're going and how you'll get there as Newport says to Simply wait and be bored has become a novel experience in Modern Life and while his emphasis and and focus is primarily on work and creating an environment to be productive I want to suggest that it's not only our work that needs saving but ourselves we can't lose touched with what matters most we can't become so shallow in our thoughts and our actions that the Beauty remains buried away there is something in you that's untapped unfinished Raw Talent OR desire there are pieces of you that need to be assembled and if left alone will wither away unremarkably quietly and probably without your noticing so my ask is that you think of this as more more than you know me cheering on long walks it's not about the walks right it's about time alone with yourself in what that opens up for you it's about recognizing the spaces we need to carve out from the outside world so that when we reenter the outside world we know who we are we understand where we're headed we don't go where the wind blows we are able as the saying goes to adjust our sales to get to our destination all you need is more time with you there's a quote from Naval rant he says the closer you are to the truth the more silent you become inside found that interesting got an email recently from someone asking for my thoughts about they're being overlooked for a promotion at their work they say that they're dedicated they work hard they show up execute so what does the act of being overlooked mean well like so many things it's contextual but let's play with it right what does feedback ever really mean it means what you decide it does here's how I see the act of being overlooked as this person expresses let's look at it as an iceberg that rejection as a a floating block of ice in the Atlantic and the top the piece that's exposed and above water the smaller piece is your chance to look around and self-reflect to ask why where are the places I could strengthen myself the gaps I could close and the spaces I could occupy you know disappointment uh it causes us to self-reflect and that can be a valuable thing there are often tangible quantifiable reasons we didn't hit the mark and I think that top of the iceberg is our recognition that we have things to do places to go and what better a time than now to start moving in that direction now the part of the iceberg underneath the water supporting all that there has to be a foundation of self belief of self trust not only a hardness and understanding that you are not defined by rejection but also a certainty that things will work out that you might have to stumble fall even aimlessly wander for a set period of time but when your focus is on a particular North Star and you are serious about it committed to it you'll find a way and being overlooked in any capacity is not defining because right now is not an end you decide where the end is and there just so happens to be a lot of space between that point and where you stand now the vast majority of an iceberg exists under the surface and that's valuable here because I believe that the differentiator when it comes to success and failure is how one internalizes the process and their place within it if you know you're going to succeed if you are confident in yourself and who you are then the little wins and losses along the way tend to mean less getting overlooked in any capacity is a nice little bit of feedback but in the grand scheme of things it doesn't hold the weight we tend to give it when we're less sure of ourselves in the process so let's get back to the quote the closer you are to the truth the more silent you become inside well here Naval is stating uh in one of his podcast episodes that the wiser someone becomes the more quiet or stoic they become referring to the character that I allude to all the time in this podcast the loudest person at the table right always talking or seeking attention often this character is overcompensating for something and that's what nval is in my opinion properly stating but I want to hijack the quote a little bit because I think this applies to our own mental chatter as well when we are sure of ourselves in what we're doing the internal dialogue is reduced when we believe ourselves to be correct and in line with our values and our vision the Mind tends to be calmer and I can use uh this YouTube channel and podcast as an easy example right I have self-belief when it comes to my ability to do this I've invested years and years and believe that over time it's become a strength of mine so when that inevitable negative feedback or comment comes in which happens right it's the internet uh I take it for what it is it's the tip of the iceberg I assess whether there's any value to be extracted and if there is I put it in my back pocket but the point is I then move on because underneath the surface under that tip of the iceberg there is such a substantial amount of self-belief and determination in the process that negativity it it means very little doesn't Define me and that's the point that I aspire to cling to and conversely as counterintuitive as it seems I think we should be the same way with positive feedback right like when nice things are said it makes us feel good and we should be grateful sure but the idea is the same examine pocket the feedback and move on because if we rely too extensively on good feedback for our selfworth and our sense of identity it's going to be hard to avoid doing this same thing when the other stuff comes in it's about having a vision and trusting yourself right this is not you versus the world this is you versus you and we can't forget that it's a person committed determined on fire in their purpose collecting data along the way to something greater and look sometimes that data comes in the form of being overlooked it highlights ways you need to make yourself stronger and better but sometimes it validates and recognizes your greatness the value you're already adding to the world either way you're moving forward because it's who you are and as long as you tell yourself you're going to win and those two feet underneath you haven't stopped moving you're putting yourself in position to capitalize on all the opportunity life has to provide you are going to see the compounding of all those steps you took the ones you took when it hurt and the ones you took when it didn't when you were sure and when you weren't when you had all the energy in the world and when you bar Lally got yourself through all those times they mean something and it's the ability and desire to move forward regardless that becomes the determining Factor if you know that the mind can be at peace life is happening for you not to you the obstacles become much needed information and the victories further contribute to your momentum it's all moving you closer to where you need to be there's a saying by Steve Martin he says be so good they can't ignore you and that's not a point it's a process an evolution it takes time it takes patience it takes self-belief but trusting that Mountaintop you're chasing ing also comes with the great sense of security that this epic adventure is yours and yours alone it comes with Discovery growth Joy sadness and everything in between but it is yours and if you sign that dotted line it doesn't matter if you are overlooked in some capacity no person or external event can take away what you know in your soul to be true sometimes the in inspiration doesn't come to you no sometimes you have to go out and it when it hurts the most when the deck seems stacked against you when the road to travel seems to be longer than you can endure these are the times we're tasked not with waiting but with creating lows they become highs because they force us to self assess to look around and say I don't want to feel this way anymore I'm done tolerating X accepting y associating with z and so a bridge must be created something and your question is simply what's that something going to look like here's what's interesting knowing what you don't want is often the beginning it breathes life into a first step maybe you look up and you have no idea what step 2,000 or 3,000 looks like and that's perfectly okay you don't need to know exactly where you're headed exactly what the top of the mountain will look like what took me forever to figure out is knowing that here isn't right for you wherever here is is enough because it is the beginning the engine that makes it all work you don't owe explanations apologies aren't required of you all you needed was that feeling in your stomach that more is out there and perhaps you've been depriving yourself of it for a tad too long you just need to leave scarcity behind and train your eyes to find the abundance you exist within the other day I saw a quick interview Tiger Woods was giving and I'm not really a big golf guy but when the greats talk I listen and those who have been following him know that he's had kind of a rocky past right a very public uh you know family situation to injuries surgeries a recent car accident and you can only want someone like that to Rise From the Ashes right I feel like everyone's rooting for him to ReDiscover the dominance he once possessed and basically in this interview the interviewer is asking him about about day one of the Masters where tiger played well enough to make the cut you know he survived day one and was about to continue uh the the tournament into the weekend but it certainly wasn't the best golf he's ever played and so upon reflecting on it he says uh and I'm paraphrasing things aren't the way I'd like them to feel but I've given myself a chance and I I love the way that sounded right not just because it came from a man who's been metaphorically battling uphill for what feels like sometime now but because it's how we all reemerge from our adversity it doesn't matter what happened yesterday your past all of it the ups and downs the bumps and bruises they've all brought you here and if life is one giant tournament you've made the cut you get to play in Masters tomorrow is coming and it brings with it the chance to write the ship to discover the Undiscovered to find yourself again by showing up today you've given yourself a chance and that is the most powerful thing one can possess yes a chance I think too often we look at what we don't have we spend our time focusing on the holes the blank spaces the gaps instead of looking at the opportunity we've created to Pivot wherever we deem necessary the flexibility is the asset but only valuable when we recognize and utilize it and yeah that can feel like a tall order when we are not at our best when we're operating at a level that let's say is less than ideal it's easy to see all the problems we're going through as supporting evidence that the world is bigger than us that we are outmatched by life but really all these things that have come together to create our current state they're nothing more than life providing you a chance an opportunity to turn the page I'm a tiger you know those lows those setbacks and perhaps even the personal anguish one would assume would uh accompany those things they've given him the gift of now and he recognizes that just like everything that has paved the way for you has done the same it's created the conditions from which you can now grow further evolve it's providing A little nudge towards those things we need to do but maybe sometimes drag our feet a little too long so when the world throws you curveballs how about seeing the situation as a chance to hit off speed to step up to the plate and make something of what we thought was Misfortune when one trades it's happening to me for it's happening for me you're presented advantages that were previously unavailable they weren't there and not because they didn't exist they weren't there because they weren't recognized because perhaps you saw the very thing that could help you as the thing that would hurt you but regardless here you are sharpened by the mistakes you made and shaped by the lessons you learned you are here not to relive the past but to create a new reality write a new chapter walk A New Path you are here and wherever next happens to be let it unfold because you chose it let it evolve because it's who you are leave this stands and make your way to the stage where the stakes are higher but so is the upside I often talk about the power of looking over our shoulders at those highs and lows from time to time not because they have power over us but because they have made us powerful look at all you've endured see all that you've overcome and what well to put it simply for the gift currently at your finger tips that chance to say years from now that sure you lost yourself things became chaotic confusing convoluted maybe you were unsure maybe at times you even felt alone but those times the same times that could have kept you down instead reminded you what you were capable of becoming you don't get the light at the end of the tunnel without walking through the darkness and so to remember that that all this has unfolded to bring about something beautiful on the other side well that just might be the perspective that you've needed that you've Left Behind the world will only give you what you ask for and so right here right now instead of accepting a continuation of your past how about demanding an evolution of yourself that game of life awaits and so for your sake and the worlds don't be afraid to play she had a picture framed on the table that said make today amazing place there to reminder just how much of life is a choice how much we get to decide it symbolizes that on our worst days life hands us lessons and on our best days the highs of existence during our low points currency and during our high points the chance to cash it all in yeah make today amazing because today are few and far between today are not an inconvenience nor an obligation today's are what it's all all about today is The Big Show the answers we look for the destinations we long for today is a place of dreams that is if you choose to leave room in your world for dreaming today is the beginning of whatever next is for you a chance to see the new and normalize it to stretch to reach further out and pull impossible a little closer into your orbit you can do that and while one often can't control what they are given they can control What Becomes of given like architect and designers engineering what will be and what the malleable world around them become when one raises their standards life seems to accommodate because believing it means acting the part means making the changes means the external world makes room means your identity is reinforced and so the cycle goes by making to day amazing you are making yourself more decisions are the beginning of all things see very rarely is the tool in and of itself the differentiator it's the vision that pulls us through and if you take something arbitrary say a hammer there's no way to based upon its existence determine what it will mean or what will become of it a hammer can be an agent of chaos it can smash and shatter and destroy it can be the thing used to tear down or it can be what built it can connect it can alter and redefine so that something when all is said and done is brought into an existence That Never Was was never the tool it was how the eyes viewed the tool it was the vision that designated the roles that made today amazing and the reason we all need this reminder as far as I can tell is because the difficult things just so happen to be the meaningful things because we are fighting not against some little rule or idea we picked up along the way we are fighting against our DNA against thousands and thousands of years of evolution because the fear that kept our ancestors alert and Alive now in a totally new world Keeps Us contained and our talents minimized the approval of others that kept us safe and secure as we once traveled the landscape in small groups hunting and Gathering well now it keeps us needlessly looking over our shoulders and craving acceptance the unknowns that kept us out of the dark cave with The Predator living in its Shadows now Keeps Us confined looking out at life's potential through self-made windows we need to be reminded to make amazing because those things are quite adversaries because our default is to just let the ship sail our default is to survive after all that is the standard and the rule by which living things abide make it another day but I believe you are more than a living thing the Godlike ability to not just exist in a world but create new ones is a miracle both a blessing and a responsibility to drive towards a more fulfilled you a happier you a healthier you a more complete you but one must first become aware that around them exists the pieces required to build something never before seen the vehicle to those far off places that were once only dreams thoughts Illusions I've always believe that if it means something to you it's not stupid it warrants exploration for even if the thought doesn't end up being all it was cracked up to be even if it's not the destination but only a stop along the way it still pushes you to the next thing and the next thing and the next thing it still moves you forward in this beautiful game of life so decide decide to make today amazing choose to make it better let the obstacles lift you up and the momentum carry you towards something meaningful when others stop and find reasons to doubt themselves how about you find this small wind buried tucked away Underneath It All the Little key that may do nothing more than get you through that next door after all sometimes that's what life's about picking up your head when it's most difficult and finding the next door to walk through and the magic is knowing you can always do that cuz there always exists both the doorway and the key but we must be willing to find it that's the obvious thing about those doors the right ones will open but they require we find the strength to approach them they require that we seek out amazing and so with this in mind what is the next chapter like for you are you currently enduring one of Winters are you navigating those inevitable valleys of Despair in which the value is in finding that single ray of light amidst the storm looking within yourself for the courage to take one more step forward and another and another are you seeking out that spark that will reignite the fire in you because it's there so long as you choose to make today amazing maybe you've climbed yourself out maybe you're looking for whatever is next the New Evolution seeking to follow your heart and continue the beautiful progression that is life let the external World support that Vision choose to see the detail not as trivial but as the ansers the tools that will lift you up and support what you are building it's there she had a picture framed on the table that said make today amazing place there to reminder how much of life is a choice because in a world of options what a gift to choose the Journey of a lifetime what a ride that awaits so long as you decide to step in there's a quote attributed to Lincoln he says be sure to put your feet in the right place then stand firm the other day I was listening to Dan Carlin's podcast called hardcoree history which side note is uh an incredible podcast guys's a brilliant Storyteller and as I was listening um there's a a specific idea that I wanted to dive into an idea that I believe if we make an effort to understand and fully commit to is capable of changing our lives but first some quick context right so Dan starts off this episode called King of Kings talking about the Battle of thermop in the year 480 BC in ancient gree it's that famous story that a lot of us know where King leonitis leads that small army uh which includes 300 Spartans against this massive Persian military force that's invading and the quick version is essentially Xerxes who's the king of the Persian Empire and in charge of that massive Army tells the much smaller Spartan force that if they lay down their weapons if they sub MIT to him and let you know the the Persians pass no harm will be inflicted upon them they'll be free to go go about their lives and here's the famous line in response to the Persian command to lay down their weapons the Spartans respond Milan la which means come and take them it's a Spartan's way of saying look the only way we're laying these weapons down is if you rip them from our cold dead hands right with everything on the line the odds stacked against them the ground beneath them basically shaking from the march of a far superior fighting force moving directly towards their location they would not let go of their principles they were fighting for something bigger than them and I couldn't stop thinking about this idea long after I hit pause on the episode I guess I was a struck by the power of living life with that type of conviction because I know in my soul that's a North star I should be gravitating towards we all should the strength to be unrelenting with regard to that which we care about the aention quote from from Lincoln about finding the right place for our feet and then holding steady with everything you have all that you are holding firm I just couldn't get that out of my head but then it came to me that that invading Force represents so much in our personal lives so many things one example being the difficult or adverse circumstances are trying times when you're most likely to concede that perhaps you're no bigger than that world around you maybe life is a movie and I'm merely the audience my job is to clap laugh gasp or cry am a cog in a wheel a line in a script powerless in which case you you should be reminded of Victor frankl's famous observation that everything can be taken from a man but one thing the last of the human freedoms to choose one's attitude in any given set of circumstances to choose One's Own Way in other words the outside world may change it may evolve but it will never have power over how you choose to internalize and view what's happening that's innately yours so when the circumstances feel like they demand more than you can give when they suggest you leave your interpretation of Life Behind the correct response is as the Spartans defiantly said come and take it that Army could represent a push back against your values the pillar of your individual Foundation that you feel amidst all the pressure tempted to let go of after all it's easier to retreat than stand toe to- Toe with others it's easier to abandon than it is to defend at least in the short term but as Victor Hugo writes you have enemies good that means you've stood up for something some time in your life the enemies obviously not being the point I'm a Believer in the conservation of enemy approach to life allies just pragmatically get you a lot further but here's the reality anyone who stands for something will undoubtedly create divide they'll be criticized and condemned and when one feels the pressure of that criticism they must understand that it does not invalidate who who they are or their worldview that is yours you are the only one who can give up or relinquish that control so as the Spartans said come and take it and then lastly my thoughts went to the little things that make us who we are those tiny pieces of ourselves that we little by little one by one over time give away the concessions that fade into the background as we evolve to fit in so that we don't stand out as Emerson beautifully put it to be yourself in a world that is constantly trying to make you something else is the greatest accomplishment and so that attacking Army just might be the universe attempting to mold you to it perhaps not all at once but more like that frog placed in water and put on the stove with the heat increasing so slowly over time that he doesn't realize the heat will soon overtake him externalities do not dictate they are objects in need of meaning and you are the architect here if it means something to you it's worth holding on to during the difficult times and the easy time when it's popular and when it's not there is value within you specific to you a value that must be nurtured in order to expand others can't and won't see that the world around you may even with all its complexity seek to suppress it but that flame is there it's there and it's yours and to anyone or anything looking to extinguish its light come and take it after all what is a life if not one lived on your own terms the goal is not to Simply exist but to define the plane on which you'll evolve to devise your own parameters be yourself as that world looks to make you something else so here's to digging deep to finding within yourself the courage to stand up to the great armies of chaos conflict adversity and their Perpetual Conquest to remember how strong you are how much control you have as you navigate the unknowns and redefine the right nows don't let your strength be the thing you give away don't let your heart be what gets left behind don't let your thoughts become illusions of what could have been if only you'd held on and look I'm not saying it's easy in fact I know that the meaningful Road will necessarily be the one that requires the most of us that makes us question who we are and where we're going it will ask that when our minds race with doubt and our knees shake with fear we find a way to step and regardless to walk to our demons look them Square in the eye and Proclaim that whatever it takes we are willing to give that we will fight until there's nothing left go until we can go no further and hold with conviction all that matters most so the next time like demands that you fall back or bow down the next time chaos emerges in the distance and asks only that you lay down your arms here's to being strong enough certain enough courageous enough to say one thing and one thing only come and take them around 2011 I hurt my left arm and had to get surgery so for a while I was pretty limited uh as far as what I could do with my upper body and that's really when I fell in love with running I started doing it almost every day sometimes those long runs outside clear my mind sort of reset a little bit and sometimes I'd mix it up hop on the treadmill and do my favorite workout which was a a pyramid right where you break 10 minutes into four segments 4 3 2 and one um increasing in intensity with each segment and then you start over and that's where this whole idea comes from it's it's this treadmill workout uh that I want to talk about because there's a little ritual uh I picked up that I still Implement to this day and it was simple at the very end of my workout or my run I would always add 22 seconds my lucky number twice two and two so for example if I told myself you know the workout is going to be uh you know three pyramids or 30 minutes I would stop running at 30 minutes and 22 seconds if I told myself it was going to be an hour I'd stop at 1 hour and 22 seconds always tacking on that 22 and I don't really remember the first time I started doing it or even why but like so many things that 22 second period organically became a habit sort of evolved to take on a life of its own and would come to symbolized for me uh a little challenge the idea that the end is never really the end and no matter how tired I was or how bad I wanted to stop especially when you can see that Finish Line in reach I could always squeeze out a little more like there's always something extra to give and you could certainly go down that 22 second rabbit hole right just 22 more seconds and then you finish that and you realize you can do just 22 more and just 22 more it's like this NeverEnding Spotlight um into how incredible we are as humans that our stopping points almost always are constructed rarely is there not an extra 22 seconds or 22 something we can endure and not only that I think there's a case to be made that our growth occurs in that final push there's a ton of value uh you know hidden away in there the the stretching of the Mind and Body the last rep that breaks down the muscle the last few seconds of that run that forced the lungs to work their hardest exhausting that last bit of energy and focus you know studying for an exam maybe that's where you confirm your comprehension and understanding of the subject matter it's like when we are pushing ourselves just outside the limits we drew up we are simultaneously expanding those limits and so over the years I've adopted that mentality and I look at myself in the mirror now and I can see it I'm not the same person I was a decade ago those little decisions to add on 22 seconds they stack up and they stack up in a unique way cuz it's not necessarily about the time it's not the same benefit that say an hour every morning at the gym would bring you know obviously that would be incredibly valuable but in a different way I'm talking about mentally an armor that we come to wear an identity that gets materialized it's how you see yourself and how you see the world you understand how manufactured our parameters are and I get it we have to stop somewhere sure but it's an acknowledgement that those somewes are fiction they are arbitrary you weren't made to exist within them but to stretch them to recreate them and that's an Endeavor that is always uncomfortable but as far as I can tell always worth it the strength to go a little bit further than initially intended or designed is what will place you in a league of your own and that's where I wanted to start by bringing attention to the idea that there's always an extra 22 seconds and you are always always capable of obtaining it that is yours whether you choose to see it or not it's an option it's always an option which sort of connects us to my thought if I know that's who I am someone that fights for that 22 seconds if I know that's what I'm capable of and that's what lights me up what about those times in my life when I had no desire to reach for the extra 22 because sitting here I can think of Plenty I can think of times when there was dissonance between my identity in my actions here's a quick story right this was a a a shift in in my life and my understanding of reach ing for that little bit more right when people ask me uh about my process right what I'm building or where I see myself in X number of years I tell them I'm playing the long game right like I'll sacrifice some short-term wins now uh to continue forward with a plan that I believe wholeheartedly will transform from linear to exponential right it's like Gary Vee's motto uh you know you're young you have time and and impact is not about succeeding at 34 it's about flourishing at 45 and 55 and 65 and 75 like that's fun to me that's the exciting game to play and it's methodical the challenge is you know as you're locked into this big picture plan you have to pass a lot of shiny objects along the way a lot of hey look at them over there maybe I should be doing that too that work for her will it work for me right sometimes you forget to trust yourself and stay the course and so a few years ago I felt this pressure to Pivot to adjust focus right I'd been you know talking uh with some mentors of mine who were you know very successful in their individual fields and passions um and I thought hey you know what it's time for me to start focusing Less on the craft and more on monetizing the craft right the daero side of things which is great and it's healthy but here's the catch as long as you're doing it in a way that aligns with who you are and so a few months go by and I found myself living in this overly sized and priced condo on the beach that I was going to use to uh impress clients you know making products that didn't excite me talking to people I didn't really want to be talking to living a life that was uh not my own I'd lost myself right my love is storytelling it's capturing life seemingly overlooked secret that's what I get excited about in the morning that's the value I want to share with world and look money is important it's necessary it's freedom but for me it can't be about the money or I lose drive right and here's here's the point I'm making where it all comes together what I found is that when you're a stranger in your own body there's almost no incentive to push for that little extra it's like who cares about fighting for 22 seconds I'm so misaligned I don't even want to be here right that is the red flag that's the indicator that it's time to adjust because if I'm someone who wants more who pursues and acquires more more and I don't feel the urge to do so you know it's time to change and and I broke the lease put everything I had in a car went on a little 3-month Excursion realigned right if I'm not willing to suffer through that little extra to go above and beyond it's not for me and so that's a big example but it obviously manifests in smaller ways as well yes you are someone who can and will chase down the beauty in life who will transform that little extra into something meaningful but you also have to position yourself and the world around you to make it possible and when you don't feel that hunger inside and this is the point you need to understand it's not you it's not broken Hardware it's not that you innately lack drive or confidence it's that you need to rearrange this scenario you need to alignment because I promise you if you want something enough you'll be willing to fight for it to hurt for it to break boundaries for it but you must first make sure that you're pointed at something you want something that moves you and here's the part where I remind you of all those things you've already overcome in your life of all the times you thought your tank was empty but you found a way all the times you were hurting but kept moving all the times you were broken but put yourself back together we are not told in school or at work how resilient we are we're not told that we often stop thousands of 22 second period short we aren't told that we're living at a 30% capacity operating at a fraction of our potential we don't even realize the Little Miracles we've created along the way a strong purpose and a willingness to stretch yourself as you pursue it will change your life and that's not hyperbole that is fact if you want what you've never had then push yourself further than you've ever gone and we're talking little stressors expanding one step at a time until you eventually look over your shoulder and see the miles you've traveled until you look at your reflection and see the evolution that has occurred it was never just 22 seconds it was a consistent and sustained shot at the walls you placed around yourself for the opportunity to see them crumble let's right out of the gate draw a line the most important line one can draw a line of demarcation separating who you were and who you are a line between the past and the present and this line marks your return no not to the days of old but to Step One your chance to begin again to rise above to transcend yesterday's character and transform today's potential see what we often fail to realize is that there are ideas deeply ingrained in our minds that rule over us a sort of subconscious Authority it says yesterday you fell short so today you are someone who falls short it says your objective was not reached in the past so how about a new maybe easier one it draws a nice little box patchs you on the head and says how about we make a nice cozy home for ourselves in here and what this subconscious Authority fears most is that you wake up that you become aware that you return not to the past but to the power tucked away under all the stories you somewhere along the way decided were real the second you accept that yesterday is only as relevant as you decided to be you unchain yourself you become Unshackled so return to that place of curiosity where you're not obligated to perform but gifted with the journey you and that could certainly be hard right it was hard for me to look back at my life and distinguish between what I've simply accepted and life's objective truths I'd taken orders and been obedient for so long I'd been listening to that subconscious Authority for so many years that I had to in a way relearn what creativity meant for me I had to learn not to feel guilty going on a jog in the middle of the day when the rest of the world was working I had to learn that my instinct wasn't to explore but to stop short I wasn't pushing limits or peering around corners I wasn't testing the waters or seeking out the hidden opportunities life hides away no I was on autopilot and life it had called for my return it's funny how when you reject your potential long enough the universe seems to tap you on the shoulder it makes it more and more apparent every day that something greater is within an Arm's Reach backs you into a corner until you have to address the dissonance between Who You Are and who you've allowed yourself to be those orders you've been taking don't align with your best self and so one must not only create but in a sense return to their greatness to accept what they've been running from you are what you choose to be and let's face it it's very easy to choose to be less than we can be there's a saying that your reality is not destined to be it is rather what you've chosen to accept you only get in your life what you allow and the entirety of this message is about one thing that light bulb Moment The Epiphany the instant of empowerment that this world can only give you what you ask for and to not ask to sit back and observe makes you a spectator sitting up in the nose bleeds watching the activity evolve on the court below it relinquishes control to Powers Beyond you and that's existing it's not living so ask ask life for the things that lift you up and elevate your existence the reason a book metaphor works so perfectly in my mind is because when one opens to a blank sheet they can write about anything there's no limitation to what can be placed on that paper and sure our proclivity may be to continue on the legacy of last novel's cast and characters but it's by no means required in fact with that pen in your hand you can craft a new world entirely new places new things new relationships and ideas new obstacles to face and defeat a blank page can be and mean anything and so every Sunrise every door you walk through presents in the same sense a blank page realize that there's no obligation to perpetuate the past or continue on in the same way you arrives know this day is yours take hold of that self you've hid away find the courage to unshackle yourself from how you were once seen by your friends or your teammates or your co-workers level up and understand that you don't owe the world any type of explanation remember you're not here to conform to obey to live a life of obedience no you're here to poke to PR to explore to follow the nagging curiosity to Embark upon the adventure that is life when you understand that you are not your past when you see that the person you were has no control over the person you are in this moment you are free so with eyes wide a beating heart a head held high step into that world because if you live with conviction with absolute certainty that life may not always be easy or intuitive but it's there for you when you see not yesterday's constraints but Tomorrow's Hope all roads lead to an evolved existence it's not about perfect and it never was it's about understanding that the past has given you everything you need to break away from its grasp it has provided the lessons it has knocked you back pushed you down and tested your resolve all for this moment this second the chance to return to the greatness that has been tucked away for two too long again no Miracles no rabbits out of hats just you allowing your greatness to emerge from this step forward because you can because you have that ability because it's who you are so go show the world but most importantly show yourself you will be amazed at what's possible for you if you simply allow it to m materialize if you amidst the darkness of days past let yourself light up the night you have to see it before they do you have to believe it before they will you have to be the architect of your plans and your goals because no one will build them for you and that's just it in a world where victimhood is becoming currency and blame is becoming Norm we have a choice create a temporary fleeting Escape or create a life that matters you know how much easier it is to project out at the world to never have to look in the mirror and address the things you could be doing better you know how much easier it is to hate him or her or them over there to make up stories and scenarios about how much different life would be if it wasn't for a b and c holding you back I mean short term it's like winning the lottery right you don't have to take any accountability you don't have to have tough conversations with yourself you don't have to reflect on the painful memories or decisions no you can put your feet up sit back point at the world and say look what they made me do if only but here's what's not being said every time you point your finger away from your own chest every time you project blame you're letting yourself down why because we only grow when we accountability and yeah accountability can be painful uncomfortable but in that discomfort exists the only bridge to a better tomorrow that's it right you go to the gym you put your muscles through stress you break them down so that they can be built back up stronger personal responsibility cannot be the muscle we refuse to build there's too much at stake it can't be the thing avoid why because it's what injects meaning into our lives I'll never forget in the eighth grade and I bet every single person in that class uh still to this day remembers my teacher Mr Bon Court walking up to the front of the classroom he had his hands in a bow shape and was holding it up to the ceiling explaining to us that you can't go through life asking the world to give you its scraps that if you sit and you wait and you hope and you blame you will lose that's the recipe for bitterness resentment think of it like a fork in road where our two options are vastly different you go left at the fork and you enter a world of escapism refusing to confront your problems finding reasons you can't do that which you know you need to do hating others those who have built grown or created themselves or you go right at the fork you learn to do the hard thing to humble yourself to take control of your life and your world when things aren't the way you want them to be you look around and you immediately ask things outside of my control may have brought me here but what can I do to fix it those of you who have been listening to me for a while you probably know my favorite articulation of this idea was explained by Will Smith basically he said look you can't control where you start and how true that is right life's not fair some people are born into more resources and opportunity some people find themselves in social situations that aren't ideal and that list can go on and on and on right human beings are all different so there will always be discrepancy but and this is Will Smith's point where you go from here will always be your responsibility what happens next is all you you choose whether to complain shake your fist at the sky and blame the world around you or pick the pieces up and move forward and like I said a minute ago don't be fooled by the Temptation to latch on to that fleeting moment of relief of running from accountability the only way to win in the long run is to face your demons it's that whole saying when you're riding shotgun you can dispute the route all you want but ultimately it's the driver who's in control when will you take the wheel in life Ure the stakes become higher right now it's on you now you can get lost now you're responsible for the maintenance now if you don't end up at the right place or I don't know you're late to a destination it's your fault but now you can also be the one overseeing the journey now it's yours and that's power and as our world becomes uh more and more one of escapism it's becoming more prevalent easier to avoid or not fix something but tweet about it how easy it is to not confront our problems but rather open Instagram Facebook Tik Tok and Mindless ly scroll how easy it is to leave that message on red and go about our lives because that's easier than saying what needs to be said strength is being the one amidst all this escapism and avoidance to confront what must be confronted whether it's an interaction with someone else or that hard conversation with yourself a personal change that must take place life is such a gift it's such an opportunity but we have to move through it with our eyes open we have to see things that matter and gravitate towards truths that will shape us like Mr B said over 20 years ago now we can't ever fall into the mentality of holding our hands up to the sky and asking life to give us anything we can't only point at ourselves when things go the way we want them to go no let's be about accountability empowerment understanding that if I don't like what's around me the transformation starts now and it starts with me I wasn't perfect I never will be but I can learn I can evolve and most importantly I have everything I need to make that happen it's all awareness right the the the victimhood idea is a wolf in sheep's clothing and I know that may seem harsh maybe even lacking empathy but dropping that narrative was truly the best thing I've done in my life and I know countless others who would say the same you can't be both a Perpetual victim and be in control no life is tough it knocks us down and at times it brings us to our knees but this is a reminder that you cannot stay there it's a reminder that those who contributed to the situation are now minor detail and background noise it's a reminder that the path forward is about you it's about you pushing all that aside and asking yourself what's required to move in the direction that I most want to go because you are that powerful you are strong enough to make that move and there will be a point where you look around you and the circumstances have changed the people are different the environment is different you're different and you'll smile at yourself knowing it's not because of what the provided it's not because of what anyone gave you it's not because of what people out there did or didn't do no it's because when you were at your lowest when life was presenting curveball after curveball when you looked around and maybe even thought to yourself there's no way forward here you found a way to get up and create something new if these walls could talk they would remind you of the things that you sometimes forget yeah those elusive things you tend to walk right by it's not that you've chosen to ignore them it's that well people are complex and we have a tendency to skip over some important things as we remain fixated on our problems our perceived inadequacies that finicky negativity bias the one that states if you went to a restaurant 100 times had 99 incredible experiences but something went wrong on the 100th well that restaurant would forever be known to you as the place where things go wrong we are wired not to see the good but to identify and avoid the bad and if these walls could talk they would unveil to you the Brilliance that exists slightly out of frame they would suggest you look over your shoulder and take a peek at how far you've come because my friend you've come a long way it's funny how slow progress moves it's interesting how our lowest moments Force us outside of ourselves push us to step into those shoes we didn't know were sitting in the closet unworn waiting for the day we'd take on that new role waiting on you to see that who you were yesterday is not correlated to who you can be today and if these walls could talk they'd fill you in on a very important statistic they' tell you that you've stood face to face with some of the biggest curveballs life can throw you took on struggle and hardship that rocked you to your core and as you stand here now your success rate through all that comes in it well 100% you are literally un defeated in your ability to move through adversity and every time you did whether you knew it or not you walked into that closet and put on a new pair of shoes you became something new sometimes progress is so slow that it feels like pain and it looks like stagnation but it is anything but and if these walls could talk they would remind you of that truth they would beg you to see what you've become who you are if these walls could talk they would remind you of life's everchanging transformative nature all the times they witnessed you upset about people and things coming and going as you tried to hold on to that which perhaps no longer served you wishing you could make permanent those things that were just meant to be transitory shooting stars across the sky life but something doesn't need to be forever to be meaningful and thank God because nothing is forever and as we make our way into that vast unknown we have a choice we can live in the shadow of a particular moment in time or we can cherish the value that those moments offered to us they gave you just enough to take a new step forward and sometimes a new step in that direction that's calling you is the difference between nothing and everything so if these walls could talk they would tell you to keep your head up and be thankful for those shooting stars in your life for they made you who you are in the path forward would be impossible without them if these walls could talk they would ask you about those times you came home sat down in your room and wondered how you could ever be enough they'd call attention to that seemingly nonstop battle with impostor syndrome they'd ask when you will feel like you've learned seen or traveled enough to gain some semblance of authority in your own life they'd wonder when you'll give yourself permission to be that you've come so far endured so much you're not the same person you were a year ago now if you could just stretch a little further if you could just extend a little higher if you could see all the new shoes you've worn and the shooting stars you've collected Ed along the way you would know that you are designed to overcome external pressures obligations criticism none of it matters this is between you and yourself and if these walls could talk they would ask you when you'll see what they see the Brilliance the magnitude of your potential when will you be you Marcus aelius wrote remember how long you've been putting this off how many extensions the gods gave you and you didn't use them there is a limit to the time assigned to you and if you don't use it to free yourself it will be gone and never return see today is precious because it is the only one you get each second unique in its own way a measurement of opportunity represented by a single tick from the watch you're wearing and if these walls could talk they would tell you that they've seen people come and go that you aren't the first and you most definitely won't be the last and every single soul that stepped inside wish they'd found that courage a little sooner wish they'd looked back a little earlier wish they' found the inspiration amidst the chaos and turbulence of their daytoday life lives and if these walls could talk they'd hope that maybe this would be it for you the next step in your Evolution and what's most incredible is that you get there not by becoming something you've not yet become no In This Moment it's about noticing who you already are instead of the one mistake or Reason to shrink into yourself how about shining a light on those 99 reasons to expand when it hurts know that it's hurt worse and you've persevered when you experience loss know that it's not about gone but what you now have and will keep with you forever and most importantly know that you can always step into a new pair of shoes you can always reinvent recreate you are never defined by something that happened in the past the wake of the boat does not drive the boat and so with this in mind chart your course to New Horizons understand that the map you need has nothing to do with externalities but rather the solutions that already exist within you so take a second and peer back over your shoulder look at that you in the past standing at the bank of a river hoping praying for help a lift for some technology to get across knowing as you stand here now that you have traversed oceans look the context changes and yes it will always change but your ability to endure it does only one thing it multiplies you have everything you need because CU you couldn't have gotten to this point without accumulating the knowledge and expertise to take one step forward and miracles they are merely the culmination of those courageous steps and yes when we are stuck when we're at that Coastline looking out at foreign Horizons I get that the answers seem big sometimes even bigger than we are I get that the mind wanders right to the potential disasters to the wha ifs in the worst case but if these walls could talk they would let you know that you've come this far endured and accomplished all this not because you've left mountains or jumped oceans but because when you were at your worst you found it within yourself to carry on the exponential compounding of what has made you great and what will continue to make you great look if these walls could talk they'd show you how the difficulties of years past have become Stepping Stones so commonplace so easily solvable that they no longer even warrant your attention that by moving forward you have faced your obstacles taken the value from them and made them obsolete if these walls could talk they remind you that you are not only ready but made for everything that awaits in a way our eyes are liars not in what they portray but in the implication of their portrayals our eyes highlight to us one thing what surrounds us now we receive a snapshot of the current moment and it took me years to understand is that possibility and hope live far beyond what surrounds us right now and it's that pursuit of possibility that saved my life immersing myself in the Unseen perhaps we were given the now not subserviently uh accept it but to transform it I believe in our own way way we're all Architects here's what I found to be tricky though as I've spent time thinking about this what I believe and I've come to recognize is that two things can be true at once first all we'll technically ever have is the present as eart toally explains depression is essentially being lost in the past anxiety is being fixated on the future and that healthy life is learning to cherish the now but second is the power and control of being able to point the now at something far beyond what our eyes convey it's the magic of knowing that we spend our days navigating a world of limitation and restraint and it's not that we wake up and think you know I'm going to restrict myself today I'm going to not live up to my full potential no it's that we go on autopilot we observe this slideshow our eyes play for us day in and day out and exist within those parameters that seems perfectly reasonable our eyes show us a wall and our brain says okay this is where we stop the end and what I want to highlight is that world just beyond what our eyes show a world that pushes things a little bit a world in which we ask okay but what if I gave a little more or why can't I be like those people in my life I look up to why shouldn't I change the circumstances that weigh on my mind why have I accepted these things that make me unhappy day in and day out just because it's the image your eyes show you right now doesn't mean it's where you stop but we have to learn to look for more when I was pretty young like right about the time home PCS were gaining prominence my parents got this Gateway computer that came with a Star Wars game demo and you kind of you have this character you wander around the spaceship and you know I played it and I played it and I played it and after a while explored all there was to explore right or so I thought I assumed I'd Max the thing out because it was a demo it wasn't the full game so my assumption was that it wouldn't let me do too much until I went out and bought the real version then one day my friend from up the street came over and I'm showing him the game and somewhere he notices a little button that opens up this door and come to find out there was actually a lot of really estate left to explore a lot of game available it led to a tunnel that led somewhere else that led somewhere else and sure I felt like a clown for not realizing that I was needlessly wandering in circles but at the same time was excited about this new world there's something about that concept the Secret Door the bookcase that can be moved to unveil a passage way to something greater to the value locked away and invisible to the untrained eye one of the most important things for us to understand is how many of these doors exist in our lives that if we choose to recognize and identify something more something that excites us and invigorates us we can usually draw a line to it we can start little by little heading that way because within the current moment slideshow we see all around us exist the little passageways the side streets the tunnels connecting to something more that of course those Gates won't open up if you've not constructed a destination in your mind worth traveling to again not because you're insufficient or inadequate or wrong but because our default is to live life on demo mode we have to manufacture more build a a higher platform and then climb up to it using ropes and ladders that we already walk by every day without thinking twice our world our right now is a toolbox waiting for us to construct a more meaningful peaceful happy tomorrow and so again I present the question where are these hidden opportunities or gateways in your life where can you find the advantages dressed up as the mundane is it in a book is it a conversation is it applying to that thing you've been hesitant to pursue because you're scared of what might await is it understanding the power of 10 minutes a day and how starting small opens doors that we can't even comprehend is it a little boldness is it looking in the mirror and realizing you're still shackling yourself to who you were yesterday is it understanding that someone or something in your life isn't conducive to your well-being is it an hour in the morning to think an hour at night to breathe is it changing a self-limiting relationship with time or money or resources What walls can you knock down so that you might open up a world that's meant for you a world that's malleable and without limitation your eyes they don't tell the story of how things can be or what they mean they show you the infinite tools at your disposal to build to create to design to never accept a now that wasn't chosen with intentionality that where there exists pain there also exists a door to lessen and transform that pain your journey it never ends where you are it ends where you choose to stop it ends where you plan a stake in the ground and accept the world around you so if no one has told you recently let me remind you how powerful you are let me reiterate what you are capable of and that perhaps your reality requires of you some customization perhaps the courage to step outside the routine and the obligation and as the architect you are build something beautiful meaningful something incredible to stand on to recognize the distinction between what is and what can be the second one understands that they are walking by the very solutions they need that to remain in a state of discontent is simply an indifference to the resources around them remember this what you see your eyes don't provide an end state but a path to the next chapter a chisel to little by evolve as someone recently reminded me Mark Twain's quote logic will get you from point A to point B but imagination will take you everywhere why because so much exists beyond the parameters of everyday life it's about mapping New Paths with new points and new rules because some exist and some live some comply and some create some see what is around them and some ask what can I build with what is around me so built towers that touch the sky bridges that connect the Earth build like this is a game and the only way to lose is to stop yourself from experiencing all it has to offer build like there's a world far beyond your front door cuz if you do that's exactly where you'll find yourself sometimes the most important things we do in our lives are the product of sheer will of taking little nothings that surround us and making something out of them in other words the greatest opportunities often the ones we need most they simply aren't obvious they're hidden hidden behind what looks like difficulty what appears to be hopelessness the reason I place so much value on a single step forward when we're overwhelmed or at a low point is because a single step means you're in the game you're giving yourself a chance to find and obtain those little hidden away pieces that can't be found when we stand still and dwell on a situation Mobility is empowerment and when we move forward only with what we have we're continuously reminded that what we have enough we have the tools the resources and the ability we just have to somehow remind ourselves that with those tools we are building of creating the incredible so quick story about what I believe is the best song ever written certainly one of them and it's a little bit older now but in 1998 a band called the goooo dolls released a song called Iris and that song changed my life it was the first album I bought it introduced me to music I listen to it you know probably thousands of times and even 24 years later it gives me chills listening to it and so I wanted to find out a little more about the song and I came across an interview from Johnny rnck who uh is the frontman and songwriter for the band and in this interview the interviewers asking Johnny about the song um basic questions how it came out how he wrote it and stuff like that and there's a few points that I think are amazing I want to share them with you first is the state he was in prior to writing this song he just came out of a divorce personal life sort of in shambles coming off of a bad record deal where uh the label from his previous album had done what record labels are notorious for um and ended up keeping the vast majority of the revenue he had writers block you know just felt down and it left his home to stay at a hotel in Los Angeles right bottom line is it's not a dream scenario by any stretch of the imagination and uh and gets a call from his manager about potentially writing a song for the City of Angels soundtrack and he says he went and sort of auditioned with what he had which was two lines of a song and a guitar with two broken strings it was evidently good enough he gets a nod from the label and starts writing and the verses according to Johnny in the interview they align perfectly with the movie right it's an angel willing to give up anything even his immortality to be human so he could be with this girl right and uh it's it's this deep dive into you know what it is to love someone so much you give up everything for them and then and this is the icing on the cake for me that's when it like I realized that I wanted to write about this um the interviewer says essentially okay Johnny the verse is align with the movie but the chorus this revolutionary big beautiful powerful chorus it seems to take a left turn like can you explain that to us what were you thinking and he just kind of pauses blankly for a second and I'm thinking no don't you dare say what I know you're about to say and sure enough he does he basically shrugs and goes I don't know the words just kind of worked and you know I'm paraphrasing that's not a direct quote but that's the idea you know one of the deepest most powerful beautiful songs I've ever heard is Patchwork right even the song title he says was named after a country singer uh on on the cover of a magazine laying next to him Iris it's Patchwork it's pieces put together right and then as I thought about it for a minute it's like of course it is how perfect how absolutely perfect the whole thing is an assembly and construction a metaphor for the human Spirit conceived when its author was down and out right taking L after L called to present an idea didn't have some crazy budget or equipment to pitch this song nope move forward only with what he had in the moment and that was enough then the song a beautiful depiction of uh you know the movie's theme combined with elements of real life his personal situation what he goes through maybe even components that mean nothing other than an ability to encapsulate a feeling or an emotion words that allowed him to put a bow on all these little pieces himself and get it out the door and millions and millions of people listened to that song and were changed by it not because of what it meant to Johnny but because it gave them a chance to take it and fit their own worlds and struggles into those same lines it became a vehicle to inspire others to push forward to find things in themselves they didn't know were there this has become one of my my favorite metaphors for finding the hero buried deep within yourself changing your life changing your world changing the world around you the lives of others can truly be and in fact often is the result of just moving forward with what you have right realizing that even when the mountains seems too tall to climb there is a way we just require that mental shift listen to this question right because I used to ask myself all the time is this possible can this be done well then that becomes the question that I focused on and everything that occurred around me became evidence that would either support or invalidate that possibility the second I came up against an inevitable barrier I'd think ah maybe this is telling me the answer is no right life will always be evident for or against the questions that you choose to ask which is why it's so important that you're asking the right questions because the second you change that question to look I know this can be done but how will I do it you start looking at Life as a puzzle that must be solved that same obstacle that was once interpreted as a stop sign is is now merely an indicator that the path exists just perhaps somewhere else you've extended the pursuit you've given yourself permission to keep looking and it's because of these self-created Expeditions that we find more in ourselves you know things won't always go perfectly but when you look at those imperfections through the right lens you see that this isn't about you it's about that particular door being locked all you have to do is believe in yourself enough to move to the next one to continue knocking until you find a door that opens until you find that bridge to whatever comes next and that's why I love that story about Iris why I wanted to share it today was crafted during times far from ideal with resources far from abundant with words far from perfect or Rel ated or self-explanatory but you end up on the other side with this masterpiece this song that certainly changed my life and definitely impacted many others and it's like we have to realize when we're sitting on the edge of the bed you know maybe it's not divorce or writer's block but whatever it is holding you back that's not the end it's your reason to keep going to begin again again you don't have to know how things will be but you do have to know how they won't be they won't be like this because you won't let them stay this way and maybe it's not two written lines and a broken guitar maybe it's moving forward when your strength is not at a 10 out of 10 when you don't really have that spark or you're longing for some resources some finances wondering where they'll come from but pushing forward one little step at a time until things start making sense and maybe it's not a combining and restructuring of song lyrics using your personal experiences to fill the gaps on the paper before you but it's trusting that your own story will ultimately tell itself if you don't put the pen down that the heroes will rise the villains will fall and the adventure will continue on after after all that's what life is one giant adventure testing us pushing us and transforming us when we're at our lows while reminding US during the good times why we're lucky to have been gifted that same adversity we once looked at with contempt why we're lucky that when everything's made to be broken as the lyrics suggest we get to make something imperfectly beautiful with the pieces recently I was thinking about something a friend of mine named Tom told me a few years back he owns a company in Oklahoma City and was telling me about how someone he' hired essentially stole from him and the first question that came to my mind as he was telling the story was okay what are you going to do about it and I asked him the question and he was kind of quiet for a second and uh then asked in his southern accent Eddie if a snake bites you are you going to chase it into the woods to get your revenge or are you going to get the medical attention required to save yourself basically are you going to focus on the past or on what to do from here forward right basically he cut ties with the person but had moved on was already thinking about next steps that were best for him his family and his business and I can tell you since hearing that it's become an incredibly valuable idea in my life especially as you realize that there will never be a shortage of problems you do what you can to avoid them you try to steer clear when possible but adversity will always be a factor it's about knowing that and and regardless it's just it's something that's always intertwined in our development and and I find Value in asking myself is this action I'm about to take conducive to my growth and my happiness or am I just chasing snakes does this just feel good in the short term because I'm angry or I've been wronged or something along those lines especially since most harm inflicted on others derived from incompetence not malice and and I truly believe that I think very frequently we attribute Sinister motives to others when 99% of the time it's you know sheer stupidity it's imperfect humans trying to navigate an often complex world we make mistakes now I'm not suggesting you don't stand up for yourself when you've been wronged or slighted of course you should but the magic is in not personalizing the situation right possessing the emotional IQ to understand Hey look it's not about me but whether I can salvage the situation from here and that depends solely on how I choose to look at it Emerson wrote people do not seem to realize that their opinion of the world is also a confession of their character and what a powerful point the flexibility and the leeway available to us uh when it comes to making sense of the world speaks to not how the world is but how the onlooker thinks and interprets deep personalizing the situation is one of the greatest superpowers at our disposal when you're angry and accusatory you will as Tom put it end up chasing snakes you'll end up breaking things that will need to be re and uttering words You'll wish you'd spoken but the 5 Seconds require to pause to collect yourself and realize that you're in control is everything the ability to see the person the situation or the world not as an adversary stacked against you but as an inevitable challenge that must be managed so how will you choose to manage it how will you choose to arrange range pieces and by the way I'm I'm fully aware a constant theme for my speeches and podcasts and videos is the act of pointing not out at the world but in at ourselves my responsibility my fault my problem to deal with I understand just how heavy that is how hard that can be especially when deflecting blame often feels like it would just be a tremendous weight off of our shoulders when Revenge feels like the easy intuitive move but again it's short-term relief to truly grow to find the calm and happiness and meaning we long for it's the internal relationship with ourselves that matters most it's the ability to say I may not have created this or even you know I may have made the mistakes that brought this to life but I can't fix it until I look at both the situation and my own reflection and Proclaim it's mine now let the past be the past now it's me and the present and as far as I'm concerned the present and opportunity they are always one in the same so long as we choose to see it that way it's not what you look at it's what you see over and over and over again is it happening to you or for you is it a problem or an opportunity a setback or a chance to reset I want to bring to light a story one that I've told before but it's so perfectly representative of the conversation you know Jim ran talking about two brothers in an abusive household alcoholic father terrible childhoods you know they grow up and both of the sons have families of their own one is the exact same as his father he's abusive and he's angry and the other one is a great father he's kind he's loving he's supportive and when asked why the abusive brother replies look at my childhood right how could you blame me for this the other brother when asked responds look at my childhood right how could I let myself treat my family the same way and in a way one spent his life chasing snakes bitter resentful the other one asked well that was terrible but what can I do to write the wrong one personalized it the other used it as a lever or stepping stone Stone and this is of course a simplification but I believe every struggle we face in our lives at its core contains some element of this Choice from the little things to the big things where do I go from here it's mine now and I can choose whether to make it better or worse chase the snake into the woods or March forward to find the value and right the ship remember that when it's hardest when you least want to remember that the present contains every single thing you need to begin a journey to recovery to growth to contentment and meaning you on your end though need to be willing to slow down the moment need to be willing to collect yourself and give yourself permission to that necessary and appropriate step a life well lived is a dance between having the strength to walk away and Having the courage to go all in it's juggling the idea that absolutely nothing matters and the idea that every second is a blessing Beyond which I'm capable of even explaining or articulating nothing matters so Live Without Limits or constraints like you're on a once in a lifetime Journey but everything matters so know that every second along the way is perfect a building block a microcosm of the universe resting in the palm of your hand and I think about this push pull from time to time I play with the idea that nothing matters when I need courage when I need to convince myself to be a Bolder reinforce the understanding that there is no pressure here life can only give what I'm willing to carve out and as that clock ticks away in the background what do I have to lose as Mark Twain put it it's the things we don't do that we come to regret and then on the other side when I need a little discipline I play with the idea that the little things are everything after all two things can be true at once and The Details Matter a lot for me getting up 2 hours earlier does make a difference that pushing a little harder will add up the little things become everything and painting that portrait that had been tucked away in my imagination well that's done one very real very tangible brush stroke at a time it's participating in that dance between nothing and everything the real and the imaginary but for the time being let's leave those very important little things and focus on the Divine big things those nothing that with some vision and concentrated effort become some things I have a friend that says to me all the time nothing matters and not in a nihilistic you know throw your hands up and stay inside until the end of time type way but in a way that poses the question why wouldn't you risk it all nothing matters why wouldn't you risk seeing how far you could push how long you could run how much you could become because maybe just maybe this whole thing isn't as serious as we'd like to think it is and instead of feeling confined and scared what if you felt alive blessed to even be here and I think realizing that we build these imaginary boxes around ourselves and live within them is a huge step that awareness that we spend so much time reaching out for things that will save us when in reality we simply need to set ourselves free we need to open the gates build Bridges to the infinite opportunity that surrounds us and when I think about this a feeling that still comes to mind feeling I had after 2K tests in college those of you that have been on the rowing machines I'm sure you get it but if not picture a feeling similar to an allout Sprint for roughly 6 or 7 Minutes depending on when you cross the line and when it was over after I'd finished picking myself up I would would just sit in the hallway cherish the feeling of being done right after pushing my body to its maximum I'd appreciate the nothingness the same nothingness that i' never pay attention to at all otherwise but in that moment it was everything what a gift as you regain your composure as your heart rate comes back down to earth to just be still and I still love that feeling after physical exertion the reminder to just be thankful for a moment of Serenity a reminder that life can and will inflict upon us these periods of absolute chaos of turbulence and often they're very necessary they Harden us they shape us but they also remind us to appreciate absence same thing goes and a lot of you I'm sure will be able to relate to this for something like a headache or a mic you know when they come and go in my life it's like the second a brutal headache dissipates that nothingness is the greatest gift I could ever imagine the absence of pain infinitely more valuable than any tangible acquisition and I think in those moments we get a glimpse of the world in its purest simplest form where all the nuance and detail we worry about doesn't matter much because look at what we have look how much surrounds us when we position ourselves to notice when we simply pay attention Tolstoy said if then I were asked for the most important advice I could give that which I considered to be the most useful to the men of our Century I should simply say in the name of God stop stop a moment cease your work look around you an incredible reminder to never forget where we are or what we were given to remember that by breathing in the air around us we have in a sense already won and I love this because for a brief moment in time it swings that pendulum to the nothing matters side of life life when you're living a miracle wise sweat the small stuff and I can ask myself why do I get so worked up it's no big deal why not take the risk what's the worst case that I failed and have to backtrack as a now more informed and knowledgeable person why not stand in the face of my fears the upside is consistently enticing it consistently rewards look around and see what life has provided how dare we waste it and with that said I'd also be remissed not to include this little caveat you know I'm careful with the words nothing matters because even though in the context I've been using it for years it's a it's a positive empowering thing it's my reminder to push boundaries I could also see how it begs the question well if nothing matters why should I care and so let's reframe because it's not that nothing matters it's that nothing outside the scope of your worldview matters it's the acquisition of Freedom addition by the subtraction of all those externalities we let hold us back because you know as well as I do it's not really the extra personalities that shackle you it's your thoughts about them so open the gate to your mind let the detrimental out and keep the necessary and the ideal in nothing matters if it doesn't align with your values and your destination I know I say in every video speech podcast episode that we are the authors of our own stories and it's because we craft our nothings and our everything it's because your Universe the one behind your eyes it needs a maker every morning and if you allow it each Sunrise can be your Genesis your own beautiful creation story you have your hand on the dial and so amidst this world of infinite Beauty and opportunity look around you soak it all in ask yourself what does freedom look like feel like cuz you were put here to pursue that and outside of those parameters I believe that nothing matters so why not live like it dream like it use the little thing in front of you to build the big things that have not yet arrived walk away when it's misaligned and go all in when you know in your soul it's right there is everything to gain and nothing to lose I woke up put my coffee on the desk opened my laptop stared at a blank screen and a little button popped up in the top right corner check for updates nope ask me again later why why not now I don't know I don't necessarily care about the improvements I guess it's just inconvenient it can wait and that's kind of it let's face it the laptop doesn't matter the update in this scenario is not important but bear with me because I think what it stands for when you apply it to the big picture does matter our proclivity to take less because less is convenient our predisposition to sell ourselves short because it's safer to leave so much of ourselves on the Shelf because well things don't break when they're on the Shelf but you can't be both Flawless and live your life because life comes with wear and tear the value is the experience and a Flawless existence is void of experience of stories of Adventure there's a little parable about two seeds being planted and one of them just wants to grow wants to feel what the sun is like wants to see how high she can get experience the breeze the cool air and so she grew and sure she dealt with hard days she had her difficult times but ultimately grew to live her best life the other seed worried worried about leaving her home the world that was the ground around her worried about damaging her Roots worried about what could be waiting for her in the dark about the sun being too hot and the breeze too strong and ultimately stayed right where she was playing it safe until one morning a chicken came wandering by and ate the seed off the ground and see This spells out a few things one we can at any moment decide to step into that next level evolve into that next chapter but also not doing so comes with a cost sometimes a hidden cost there's a tendency to think that preserving the status quo because it's safe is valuable but understand something you are not a collector's item you weren't made for preservation you were made for growth to expand to reach out towards the heavens and feel that sun that breeze and sure upgrading means vulnerability it means accepting that the unknown is bigger than you but also contains within it everything you need whether it was people things money resources I used to think like that seed right how can I hold on to what I have contain play small I can't lose this I've come too far I've worked work too hard what if everything goes wrong I can't upgrade now maybe later maybe someday when the time is right when it won't hurt or require that I step outside of this little world I've created but guess what growth always asks of us that we leave the comfort of now it always offers us the world and exchange for the courage to see the Unseen and Trust ourselves to bring it to life and when I realized this I saw how the act of trying to perpetually maintain the status quo is debilitating it's looking at life through a lens of scarcity it's only when you start to grasp how Abundant Life Is That You Realize by simply stepping into that person you are destined to be you'll attract what matters some things will go you'll leave them behind but those things no longer serve you they played their part they added their value and are now merely Stepping Stones As you move to something greater and that's just it sometimes living means wishing you did things differently looking back and acknowledging that you need to be better sometimes living means losing the wrong people in your life to make space for the right ones sometimes it means spending days months even years wandering down the wrong path so that you can get a glimpse so that you can realize what the right path looks like sometimes it means no reward no validation until that compounding finally takes place finally you see just how powerful those small steps were and will always be it means seeing yourself as the person you know you can be maybe not necessarily the one you are today but betting on yourself when no one else would there's an idea that people are neither good nor evil but they have both within them they choose through their day-to-day action how they'll live who they'll be and sure this is a tad oversimplified but I think the Duality is useful right because in a different context for everything that occurs in your life you can find a reason to celebrate or a reason to grieve a reason to grow or a reason to hide it all comes down to what one chooses to see how they choose to look at the world I'll never forget when people Peterson talked about curtains right with tears or holes in them same world on the other side but the opening that you choose to look through paints an entirely different picture right contributes to an entirely different understanding and look I'm a pragmatist I just am I'd never ask people to close their eyes and pretend everything's perfect to wander down the path before you expecting everything to be easy no but what I am saying is that the path before you is where you'll uncover the meaning in life and meaning requires that we are from time to time uncomfortable to go where we most want to go we must leave something behind in the reality is that while it's scary while it can be alarming and even painful it is always worth it that what's on the other side is what makes life worth living I want you to know that you don't need to be walking into the same rooms talking to the same people doing the same things no not if you've outgrown that reality not if you're ready for the next chapter so let's make a pack to view life not as an obligation but as an opportunity something challenging but beautiful mysterious but plentiful let's view the challenges along the way not as something going wrong or some kind of alarm but rather an indication that you are doing something right that you're stepping into the Controlled Chaos of your daytoday finding the courage to meet new people try new things take risks evolve this is what life is about and if you can find it within yourself to see it that way to be grateful for the discomfort that makes its way in and out of our Lives you'll know that you are evolving reaching towards that Sky because the danger as far as I'm concerned is never what happens along way it's what doesn't happen because we never let ourselves accept what the world had to offer and so on that note I think today is the perfect day to upgrade

  Top Comments:
  1. @MackPedro [1 likes]: In my case the hate crime gangstalkig enterprise is trying SO HARD getting my attention thats even poisonings and death threats and these blocking me and being ahead of me  blocking me from living my life and making  my choice that's connected to this life hijacking terrorists thats destroying Democracy Life Liberty And The Pursuit To Happiness One Nation Under God America The Land Of The Free.

I Have GOD With Me And The Holy Angels From Heaven. 
And That's What Makes Me Optimistic Because These Demons Can't Stop Me From Going To Heaven. 

LOVE AND LIGHT 
❤✨️
  2. @AdventuresWith_cuz [1 likes]: GOD of encouragement and wisdom you share is very powerful and shed alot of light in my my life's to becoming a new child of GOD with disapline and open minded to new step of life's which i will be fighting hard to make the changes to succeed to becoming a speaker advocate for the youth..AMEN..THANK YOU AGAIN. LOOKING FORWARD TO STAY CONNECTED..🙏🙏🙏🙏💙💙
  3. @exoticloon: WOW 🥺🥺❤ thank you so much for this Eddie. Continuing on with my climb 🧗🏼‍♂️
  4. @balangichristian5190: Watching it in 2026 ☺️
  5. @SpiritofJapan96: GOOD MOTIVATION STORY ITS VERY COOOL DUXE
  6. @blossomenergyy: To you who's watching this in 2026…
I know it wasn’t easy.
But you're still here. Keep going..
  7. @CurvyRivers: who else saw this in 2026?  great message
  8. @SmolDigital: احبك هد الفيديو ❤
  9. @mindset.867: You only fail when you stop Trying
  10. @Learningwithlaugh25: Very nice ❤❤❤❤❤
  11. @ManniekSpeaks03: Great motivation https://youtube.com/shorts/IkKvNGOFAQw?feature=share
  12. @gordonharris8172: I wish but I have a learning disability and a  speech disability and I want to become a cop
  13. @InnerFire-t5n: good video
  14. @Alphaafocuss: vibe is enough for motivation
  15. @elminshawe9928: Anyone still watching this in 2026?
  16. @VelixarMind: but you know what l want from you, be alone  when you need anyone, think about me ❤
  17. @AiNurKun: Supper
  18. @LucasLazarus-1993: Check out the legendary personal development books I wrote.
  19. @KanNguessan-z2h: some one is here in  2026 ?
  20. @canadiancanuk984: I never comment on videos.... but thank you for this amazing video.  I'm going on 10+ years dedicated to inventing something new..... a crazy idea.... and bringing it to market. I'm now months away from finally showing it to the world. It's been tough... to say the least.  I needed this tonight.  Really needed this.  So thank you!

- What Challenges Do Remote Workers Face When Relocating to Asia? | Living in Asia as an American News: Kind: captions Language: en What challenges do remote workers face when relocating to Asia? In recent weeks, many American remote workers have been considering relocating to Asia. This trend is gaining traction as more people seek new experiences while working from anywhere. However, several challenges come with this move. Understanding these obstacles can help those planning to make the transition. First, the work environment in Asia can be quite different. Many Asian economies are currently experiencing stagnant productivity levels. This situation can impact job expectations and work culture. Remote workers may need to adjust their work styles to fit in with local practices. Next, the cost of living varies significantly across the continent. For instance, cities such as Singapore and Tokyo have a high cost of living. In contrast, countries like Vietnam and Thailand offer a more affordable lifestyle. Remote workers should carefully research their expenses to maintain their desired quality of life. Health care is another critical factor. The quality of health care systems varies widely in Asia. Countries like Japan and South Korea have advanced health care options. However, other nations may have limited access to quality care. It is essential for Americans relocating to ensure they have adequate health insurance that covers international needs. Housing can also pose a challenge. Finding suitable accommodations in densely populated cities may requiring extensive research. Remote workers should explore neighborhoods and housing options well in advance to secure affordable living arrangements. Cultural and social adjustments can be difficult as well. Adapting to local customs and building a social network is vital for a smooth transition. Remote workers should take the time to understand and appreciate the culture of their new home. Language barriers can be significant in some countries. Learning basic phrases in the local language can make everyday tasks much easier. This effort can enhance communication and help remote workers feel more at home. Lastly, the logistics of relocating can be complex. Moving belongings and navigating visa requirements often take considerable time and planning. Seeking professional help can simplify this process and reduce stress. As remote work becomes more common, understanding these challenges is essential for anyone considering relocating to Asia. With the right preparation, American remote workers can successfully navigate this exciting journey.

- Moving company scams: What you need to know. (CBC Marketplace): Kind: captions Language: en-CA (♪♪) >> This is one of the movers that moved me. >> Tom: This week on "Marketplace". The wild bunch. >> Straight up, they lied. >> Tom: Our chase car has them in sight. Shady movers are riding roughshod. >> Should I start unloading. >> Tom: Holding your stuff for ransom. >> I was at their mercy. >> Oh, look out! >> Tom: Bashing your things. Grabbing your cash. >> I got robbed right in broad daylight. >> Tom: We're tracking them on hidden camera. Why do you do this to people. You have to stop, you have to stop this. (Truck beeping) >> Tom: We're staging a home. Yeah, that'll work. But this ain't no extreme makeover show. These guys are helping us set up this house with our props. We've cameras up, we're going to put more cameras up. We've borrowed some furniture to set-up this house in east end Toronto. We're gonna have some other people come in and we're gonna see what happens. A maverick company is on the way and we're gonna put 'em to the test. Bandit movers are acting like it's the wild west, staging hold-ups across the land. With no sheriff to run 'em out of town, innocent folks are easy pick'ins. >> I got robbed right in broad daylight and the worst thing is I called them, and had them come to my house and rob me. >> Tom: Shawn Royal had a dust up with his movers when moving into his first home. now he wants to help you dodge the bullet. >> I don't want to get hit with any hidden charges, you know I've heard stories and he said nope, that's everything and I'm like, okay, fantastic. >> I feel like I've been robbed. >> Tom: That's how Mia Solomon felt when she moved her business. >> They said no hidden fees and there was a lot of hidden fees. >> Tom: Both got the same deal: an hourly rate plus travel time. Turns out, the movers were bluffing. >> Tom: It's a stickup, and Mia and Shawn end up paying way more than they ever expected. >> Stop, you know, ambushing people with extra charges. >> It was a nightmare. >> An absolute nightmare. >> Tom: The outfit behind this nightmare? Husky Movers. >> That's who we're hiring. They're based in Toronto. (Phone ringing) >> Tom: Megan, who works for us, books our move and gets this deal. >> You're looking two guys with a truck for 45 an hour and plus there's a one hour >> Okay, and does that include everything? >> That's right >> Tom: Okay, we're in the game. We've got a deal, but is there a trick up their sleeve? To find out we bring in a wise old hand. Hi Jim, how you doing? Jim Carney's company has been in the business for a century. >> Tom: Welcome to the garage, or as I like to call it, mission control. He's also with the Canadian Association of Movers. That'll be your seat. >> Thank you. >> Tom: He's fed up with the likes of companies such as >> There are fly-by-nighters out there. >> Tom: We're about to find out how Husky Movers ambush their customers. >> Testing. Yeah, can you hear me? >> Tom: Loud and clear, great. We wire up Megan, our Marketplace homeowner. Sheíll wear a camera that looks like a button on her shirt. John, our hidden camera specialist, will be the friend. Our cameras are rolling. >> Tom: It's 11:00. They're supposed to be here now. >> Tom, they're coming. >> Tom: As the van pulls up, its clear this is not your typical moving company. Okay, there's your white van. >> Yep with graffiti on the side. >> Tom: Right, no Husky Movers logos or Husky Movers uniforms. They're coming to the front door Meg. And they're here. >> HI, I'm Megan. >> Oh, hi. I'm Sam. >> Sam, hi. >> And I'm Jaskaran. >> Jaskaran, hello. >> Tom: Our Marketplace homeowner explains what needs to go. >> The pictures are staying and everything on the wall stays. >> Tom: There's more stuff upstairs, and some awkward pieces. >> And then there's a bedroom. >> Tom: So we think they're ready to start the move. >> Can I have your initials? >> Tom: When suddenly, Sam pulls out a new deal. And you won't believe what he hits us with. Let's see what happens here. >> It will be one-time charge for the stairs. >> Oh, that's a surprise. They didn't mention anything about that. >> A charge for the stairs. >> Tom: Is that normal to charge for stairs? >> Absolutely not. They're getting paid by the hour, every home has stairs. >> Tom: No kidding. Shawn's floored too. >> Absolutely bogus, man. I've never heard of a stair charge. >> Tom: Despite protesting, they put it on his bill. >> Absolutely ridiculous. >> Tom: Back at our move, another surprise. Get a load of this one. >> And any item over 100 pounds, will be charged. >> Any item over 100 pounds, will be charged, which again is a complete rip-off. >> They didn't mention any of this stuff on the phone. >> Tom: They didn't mention it to Mia either when she called to book her move. >> Husky Movers said no, they don't charge. >> Tom: But they charged it all right. Our contract now has charges we weren't told about. And we're stuck with them. >> So I just have to sign this? >> Tom: Recognize him? That's Sam, one of our movers. >> I signed the contract under duress. I felt there was a gun to my head. >> Tom: Refusing to sign means trying to find another mover, and fast, almost impossible on moving day. He's asking to sign a contract now. >> Looks like. >> Tom: Is that normal? >> No. She's seeing this contract for the first time and they're asking her to sign it. And she's only seen it for, like, 20 seconds. >> Tom: Like most people on moving day, we sign. Okay, we're starting the move now? Guess again. >> So is that everything? >> I need a deposit of $250. >> Oh really? 'Cause they didn't say anything about that either. >> Tom: A $250 deposit? >> We would never do that on move day. We would ask for a 10 percent deposit but that's well in advance of the move taking place. >> Tom: Jim says there's no rule book in the moving But what Husky's doing, he says, should be outlawed. No choice. We hand over the deposit. >> And they haven't even touched a piece of furniture yet. >> Tom: Right. When they finally do... >> Here comes the mattress with no plastic bags to protect it. So now they're just going to put it in the truck. So it's gonna get soiled. >> Tom: Just how careless are they? Ouch. >> Ooh, boy. Look at the drawers coming out of the dresser. >> Tom: Yikes. Aye-yie-yie. Now they have to get that dresser into the truck. >> Tom: No ramp. >> No ramp. >> Oh, boy. >> Tom: Whoa, whoa, whoa. >> Yikes. >> Tom: How could they do >> They're stuck now. Every proper moving truck should have a ramp. >> Tom: Not much TLC for the armoire either. >> Oh look out, look out! >> Ton: Whoa, whoa, whoa. If this was a $5000 antique? >> If I were the customer right now, I'd be -- >> Tom: Oh, geez look at this. >> -- having a cardiac. >> Tom: It's not even our furniture and I'm worried. Mia's heart sure skipped a beat. >> I just feel scammed. >> Tom: When Husky was done, she estimates three thousand bucks worth of her stuff was damaged. >> How's it looking? >> A lot of heavy stuff. >> Tom: A lot of heavy stuff what does that tell ya? >> Oh yeah, they're just padding the bill, that's all they're doing. >> Tom: Back at our house, Husky's bill is about do more damage. Remember they're charging for stairs, but not just here, at the new place too. >> How many stairs do you think it is? >> I dont know, how would I know that? >> Tom: Why can't he just count them up when he gets there? Our expert thinks he knows why. It's the old, "we've got all your stuff, now pay us all your money" trick. >> You watch, I bet they hit her with it at that point and hold her goods for ransom. That's what I see transpiring here right now. >> Tom: Hold her goods for ransom, really? >> Yep. >> Tom: Meaning what? >> Meaning they will not unload until they get the paid what they're demanding. >> Tom: Sounds outrageous right? Well, it happened to Mia. >> My stuff would not get off the truck if i didn't pay. I felt that my things, my belongings, that I paid for, it was held hostage. >> Tom: In Shawn's case, they would release it, outside. >> It 's like putting a gun to my head. >> Husky Movers, they were armed and I was unarmed. I was at their mercy. >> Tom: Now we are too. Sam's armed with the bill. Okay, here we go. >> Sorry? It's $200 for heavy items? >> Unbelievable. >> Plus $80 for stairs? >> Yeah. >> The total is $570.65? >> Tom: Wow, 570 bucks! Based on their quote, Jim says that's more than double what we should be paying. >> I don't think this is fair. This isn't what i was told at all. >> I don't know, why don't you phone the company directly. >> Tom: So Megan calls. >> And now I've just got this bill for almost $600 with extra charges for stairs and heavy items, and I wasn't told about any of this. >> Let me see if I can give you some kind of break here. Is it possible you can give her $40 break? >> Yeah, sure. If you say so. >> Tom: Some break, and as Jim suspected, we've gotta pay now. >> So it should be before unloading then. >> So I have the pay the balance before unloading? >> Tom: And if we don't pay for stairs and heavy stuff? >> You're stuff will be unloaded at this place. >> If I don't pay all these charges, you're just gonna unload my stuff here? >> Like, back in the house? >> No, but outside. >> To have the audacity to even say that you're going to unload someone's goods on their lawn is just incredulous. >> It's the company policy. >> Tom: Time for step two in our plan. Megan says they'll get their money -- at the new place. >> The stress that I would be going through right now if I were the customer, unbelievable. >> Tom: Okay, they're leaving. But wait 'til you see the surprise we have for them. >> Tom: If you wanna unload the furniture on the street you go right ahead. When we come back. >> And later, why our vets investigation left many of you barking mad? >> Tom: Shady moving Companies are emptying the pockets of Canadians across the country. Okay, they're leaving. So now we're tailing one sketchy outfit. Our chase car has them in sight. -- that's stiffed us, and many people, with hidden charges. >> We're directly behind them. >> Tom: Okay. Even threatened to dump our furniture if we don't pay those fees. Husky Movers have been getting away with this stuff. but not today. So, we're gonna have it out with them. What will they do when we turn the tables and refuse to pay those extra charges? They've insisted on not unloading the furniture until they're paid. We're not going to pay them. We're at our new place. There's the truck. Time to lay out the plan to Megan, our undercover customer. The sidewalk in front of the house is where you need to do this, okay. >> Okay. >> Tom: Will there be a showdown on the street? And at a certain point we'll come out with cameras rolling. Megan takes a stand. >> I'm not going to pay anymore money for these extra charges that I didn't agree to. >> You should have told me earlier, right? >> Tom: It's a standoff. Sam is refusing to unload our stuff. He gets headquarters back on the line. But Husky isn't moving on the bill. >> And you initialled that contract, you signed it and you agreed to pay for it. >> I don't want to pay these charges. >> Ah, you don't need your stuff, that's what you're telling me? >> Tom: Time for me to make my move. >> You told the guys that you're ok to pay. >> Tom: Remember, we've already paid them 250 bucks. We just don't want to pay for the charges they never told us about on the phone. But as they've done to so many, Husky puts the gun to our head. >> If you're not paying the money, I have to tell them to unload your stuff at the pickup location. >> Tom: That's right. They'll bring our furniture back to the first house and unload it. >> Will they put it back in the house? >> No, just outside. >> Tom: My name is Tom Harrington and I work for "Marketplace", at CBC. Okay, and we know what you guys are up to, and what your company has been up to. How can you go into a house on moving day to do this to anybody? >> I don't know, like, if you want to call the company, like, we are just the workers. >> Tom: Put him on speaker. What kind of operation is this that you're running? This isn't a proper moving company. >> What you mean, sir? Everything was explained to the lady before they touch her stuff. >> Tom: What was explained on the phone, the contract over the phone, was $45 an hour, plus an hour for travel time, everything else is included, that's what was said on the phone, that's what she agreed to. These fellas come in, hand her a contract, which she has 30 seconds to read, and can't see everything in the first place, then they start saying, oh, we're going to add for things like stairs. >> I think he hung up. >> Tom: Yup, hung up. But the mystery man on the phone is calling the shots. >> So should I start unloading? If that's what you think you should do. Is that what he said to do? >> He said he will take the legal action against her. >> Tom: So he's gonna sue her? Maybe we should sue! This customer did. >> And I won, and I feel good. >> Tom: Just like us, Carol Lutete-Bayekula got stuck with hidden charges. >> This is outrageous. I was not expecting these >> Tom: The judge agreed, saying that sneaking them into a last-minute contract was not fair. Carol sued City Hawks Movers and storage. Guess what? Same people behind Husky Movers. Sam says he's just following orders, even if it means dumping the stuff right in front of our new place. >> Tom: I think we'll be dining under the stars at this point. If all the dining room furniture ends up there. >> Tom: They've made good on this threat. So that's it you're just going To leave it on the lawn? >> Tom: As for seeing them in court, not worth our time, so we pay the entire bill. We'll keep the receipt. If we want them to move our stuff inside, that'll cost extra. We're not paying you anymore. They get the heck outta Dodge. But not so fast. The showdown's not over. >> They're indicating a left turn, Tom. >> Tom: We see him far up ahead. We follow their truck, because it's our best lead to the boss. We end up on the outskirts of town. So there's two big Husky Mover trucks. And discover a corral of battered trucks. Our movers leave but we notice the Husky brand. We check back in another day. There's a Husky Movers truck right there. And the Husky name on that truck is painted over! Wonder what else they're covering up? Time to round up some answers. Why do you do this to people? You have to stop. You have to stop this. >> And later, our "Marketplace" investigation into vet bills continues. >> Tom: We're investigating a shady moving company that's more like a moving target. Husky Movers hit us with hidden charges, and dumped our furniture. We call the owner, Harpreet Singh, he says they are upfront about the charges, but declines to come on camera saying he's in California. We're not giving up though. We're staking out another moving day. No trucks today. They must be very busy. We hope the trucks will return. 'Cause when they do... Our plan is to deliver our own charges to Husky Movers. For misleading the public with hidden charges, threatening to hold furniture hostage, and unprofessional service. We're waiting for another showdown. But it's almost sundown. Will they be a no show? >> They are back. Holy (bleep). >> Tom: And there's a fancy black sedan. We've done our homework. It's a company car. Is the owner inside? Hey, how ya doing? I'm Tom Harrington from Marketplace. >> Tom: And I'm -- you're with Husky Movers? >> Tom: Sure you are. What are you doing in this parking lot? >> Just eating chicken here. >> Tom: Yea, sure. No, no, you're with Husky Movers, what's your name? >> Why? >> Tom: What's your name? He won't give us his name, but we give him our charges. Here's what I'm going to give you. This is our bill, these are our charges. This is for misleading people. Misleading the public. >> What? >> Tom: With hidden charges. >> What are you showing me this for? >> Tom: Because this is what you do to Canadians, man. >> No, no, no. Hold it, hold it, hold it. Stop your camera. >> Tom: No, answer the question. You have to stop, I'll just put this in your windshield. He can run but he can't hide. Later, sources tell us that was Harpreet Singh, the owner of Husky Movers. We leave another copy of our bill behind to make sure he gets the message. But maybe he is already. Since we started poking around, Husky Movers charges for stairs and heavy items are posted on their web site. But remember in the wild west of the moving business, it can be a treacherous road. To dodge your own moving day nightmare, here's our survival guide. Watch out for low prices. You can be hit with hidden charges later. Demand a written estimate and a copy of the contract before you move. Get proof they've got insurance to protect you and your stuff. Deposits are usually paid before moving day and do your homework. Check out reviews online. >> Erica: We're back digging into our investigation into what you pay at the vet. Last week "Marketplace" brought in Marshall, a real watchdog, to reveal five ways you may be paying too much at the vet. By the end, Marshall wracked up a bill of over $500 in questionable charges. And boy did we hear from you. In one of our strongest reactions ever. People coast to coast told us they could relate to being overcharged, and are barking mad. Can't believe the level of discrepancies between pet vets. The government must step in and regulate this industry. As a veterinarian, I found your program just scratched the surface. Veterinarian medicine today is primarily about making money. We sure heard from a lot of vets who disagreed. Vets didn't go to school for that many years to rip off clients. Are owners aware of how often vets actually slash costs down to bare minimums and provide services free of charge? >> Erica: And our investigation Across the country, you pitched in and shared your own vet bills too. And what do they reveal? A range of prices for similar procedures. Across Canada for a wellness exam, you're paying between $50 and $81. When it comes to dental cleaning for cats, prices ranged from $340 for Scout, to 654 for Dusty. As for x-rays, Dexter's owners spent 143 bucks, while Dejavu's x-rays cost $257. At the Canadian Veterinary Medical Association, here's what president Jim Berry had to say. >> There's a lot of different factors that roll into costs. Everything from cost of living, where you live, if you have factors like what equipment is being used so the different procedures that are being asked for. And clients right now, basically really expect, and rightly so, I think, to have really high-quality medicine. >> Erica: Even so, when it comes to saving money at the vet, it might pay to shop around. And you can check out our cross-country comparison anytime on-line. Next week on "Marketplace". >> Erica: Oh, there's that smell again. We're back checking in, again. Testing hotel's promises. >> Wow, that doesn't look good, does it. >> Erica: Oh!! Look at that! >> Erica: With your help. >> I couldn't believe my eyes. >> Erica: Have dirty hotels cleaned up their act? Could this be the same stain as last year? >> It's possible. >> Erica: How much better -- The bath mat looks cleaner -- -- or worse -- -- why hasn't anyone got the message, you have to clean the sheets. -- can things get?

  Top Comments:
  1. @MajorityXII [1 likes]: Its always the Indians.
  2. @rosshall641 [1 likes]: That's why we should deport these pirates. Send them back to India where they belong. We don't need that in our country. If you're not white, you're not right.
  3. @eileenmcmahon2373 [1 likes]: How are these people not been arrested yet? Thanks for your video. I will never call them..They might change their name...But I'll never forget this guy's voice .
  4. @kevinwomer5058: Lies when the truth sounds better.
  5. @shonatyson5934: What dishonest movers
  6. @Jack-x3e4p: I recently moved and no one spoke English....
  7. @garichar: DO NOT do any business with Indians.
  8. @realtorgirl1621: Anyone should know that verbal does not work. Just like in real estate or any other transaction, it must be in writing first & approved before a commitment is made.
  9. @Sss-lt1it: This is why you wrapped the furniture wrapped the furniture?
  10. @Sss-lt1it: This is Why I like to do a side job hustle where I charge them half the price I used to work for all my sons and it’s very rare for the customer to agree very rare to get them to cancel the moving company move and then get them to get a U-Haul and then charge them half the price. I had some success with it. Sometimes the customer will flat out snitch behind my back to the company saying that we’re gonna try to steal from them, and this is a very company that waxes you.
  11. @edenalcantara8472: South Asians give a bad name to their own kind unfortunately
  12. @PeterDuenas-ii7dy: Aggression is a gift. And some people on this earth need to meet some FANG.
  13. @mattylambert287: Bunch of f uc king Indians who could of guessed
  14. @chrisveejay: When the customers hired the movers, did they openly declare all the items that are being moved. Did they send measurements of items, and length/width/height of stairs and did they request for wrapping to be done on fragile items?

If the answer is yes to all, then I'd agree that the movers are definitely at fault.
  15. @perpetualtech5906: lol I loved this... I love watching all of these videos. We need more people like you guys to fight against crooked people and businesses. There are too many for one team to handle.  Thank you for everything!
  16. @Carlitos283: Illegal immigrants scamming Canadien 😡😡😡
  17. @ChristhosAnesti: Arrest these guys immediately
  18. @shahedahmed-vy1bd: Rajesh left the phone scaming and now in the moving business😜
  19. @shepshape2585: On the last story regarding vet bills, I can relate.  However, what people need to know is that the reason for different pricing in the same area is your location.  Vets in more affluent areas charge more money, because they know their clients have it.  But a lot of it is just a ripoff.  They charge human prices for pet fixes.  Just do your homework, call three or four different places and get the best deal.
  20. @tashabond7799: I am not sure,but cant you call police and say they're stole your stuff..

- Moving company nightmares: What you need to know before you move (CBC Marketplace): Kind: captions Language: en Marketplace is on the move going undercover tracking every step of a longdistance move that's our stuff sitting there in a movie theater parking lot for an entire weekend that's just unbelievable inaccurate quotes suspicious weights pretty much went in shock I couldn't believe what the price was can you trust your mover how is it that you are charging for more than the actual weight yet it's a mistake sometime it's Error this is your Marketplace it's moving day let's unload and we've got a one-bedroom apartment's worth of stuff we're getting ready to send across the country I'm doing the light stuff every year nearly 300,000 Canadians move between provinces our move will start at this house in Miss Saga Ontario and end at this storage facility in Calgary Alberta 3400 km away Melissa what can we use to hide this uh GoPro camera but ours is not your ordinary move we're setting up hidden cameras flower cans are tricky logging all of our stuff carefully and that's not all we'll be monitoring along the way we want to know the journey that all this stuff is going to take and so to be able to track it we've got this a GPS device that will tell us every step of the way where all this stuff actually is and we're going to secretly put it in right there why all the secrecy well many of you tell us your move was a Rocky and expensive Journey so we want to get to the bottom of what might be going on a move from Edmonton Alberta to comok BC was about getting a fresh start for one family do you want some of this this has like egg and stuff oh yes Karen Murphy and her kids are in their new home but it's dinner on the floor tonight their belongings still on Route what are you most excited about opening when we get our stuff tomorrow Karin doesn't have a lot of cash to spare so packs light long distance moves are usually charged by weight I decided that I was only going to take the bare minimum of what I wanted and the things that were important to us for the kids can you open this she figures she has about a one-bedroom apartment worth of stuff the Mover she hires estimate that weighs £1 to 2,000 and they quote ,00 bucks I was excited because the quote they gave me was manageable for our budget um we still had to pay for rent and uh first and last month and all that but before kin's things arrive the movers tell her it's going to cost more I was floored I pretty much went in was the company she hires Atlantic Van Lines claims her move actually weighs in at over 6,000 lb the new price tag more than $2700 in weight charges alone they say pay up or forget about getting your stuff I was panicking because I didn't have that money we didn't have beds for the kids nothing I had nothing and I had less than nothing now losing her things is not an option so Karin turns to a crowdfunding site to raise money and so people click here and they can transfer some money to us to help us out she also writes to Marketplace and asks us to investigate it were just things that you just can't buy and so I knew that I would have to find a way to raise money to get it back and bring it back to us she's not giving up and the prediction inside her fortune cookie might just be the encouragement she needs but it says your hard work will soon pay off that's really funny and I hope it's true what Karen doesn't know is She's Not The Only One Marketplace is talking to and I moved from Toronto to St Catherine's Ontario I moved from Thunder Bay Ontario to St Catherine Ontario Ottawa Ontario to monin New Brunswick Langley British Columbia to Hammond slains noia across Canada we speak to over 20 people shocked by the final weight and price of their move the price of my move increased almost $1,600 by about $750 by over $2,000 for them something's not adding up it really just seemed shocking that that amount of stuff that I moved could weigh quite that much they wouldn't unload the truck until we gave them the money it was just all very aggravating and timec consuming as a whole I was very very stressed by the whole situation Jim Carney hears complaints like this all the time it's gone too far it's absolutely gone too far and as a result the moving industry in general is getting a horrific name for him it's personal he's been in the industry for 40 years started out lifting Furniture now sits on the board of the Canadian Association of movers he also runs his own moving company how often do you think it happens that people get a quote the stuff gets there they get charged way more I've never seen it this bad uh as as it is right now why is it so bad now just so easy for anyone to become a mover you don't need a special license all the that you simply need is a nice looking website a phone and a nice sounding voice at the other end of the phone and you're up and running how do you know that the weight they're saying it is actually is that weight yeah you you really don't you're trusting the Mover and you're trusting the Mover with all your all your possessions all your [Music] heirlooms so who are we going to trust with our move okay I think that's packed like others we look for a company by going online quick quote moving from Ontario to Alberta we check out some sites that promise to link you to the right mover and send quotes move size well one bedroom apartment you tell them what you have they estimate what it weighs and what it'll cost to ship okay get quotes lots of movers want our business we get emails from 16 of them some of the lowest Quotes come from the same three companies used by those folks with complaints I hired Atlantic Van Lines Kingsway Van Lines petrum Moving and Storage is there a pattern here we start digging and discover the companies are connected they're all run by the same couple Elena and morat Balck they're also directors of armor Van Lines Canadian Moving Systems and Troy transportation and get this a third of our Quotes come from the balex various companies sure increases their chance of getting our business we choose Kingsway Van Lines when we tell them about all the stuff that we have they give us a quote of $1,112 you want to tape all around them could do yeah seal some of these up I think so all right let's do it they're coming I'm leaving good luck thank you our stuff is ready to go and just in time the movers have arrived boxes yes so the boxes and the um furniture they load up our stuff including the box with the GPS inside our move is on its way the GPS starts tracking exactly where it's going but less than a minute in things seem to stall we go check it out but it's not our equipment that's malfunctioning yep that's our moving truck hood up less than a kilometer away a bumpy start to our cross country Journey back on the west coast kin's move is about to arrive thanks to her crowdfunding she's raised the money Atlantic Van Lines says she owes you like to pay the bank draft inside I'm feeling relieved that I have my stuff the kids are very excited I feel drained emotionally by it I'm really emotional Karin's finally reunited with her belongings but she still believes she's being ripped off by over $1,000 is she right we don't let her unpack just yet that's because we've been waiting for this delivery too as soon as Atlantic Van Lines moves out we move in these movers are are with us we've hired them to load all of Karin's things back up so we can weigh them ourselves we're taking this load to an Industrial Way Station these scales are government certified and checked regularly for accuracy the truck was first weigh empty so we can measure how much heavier it is with contents inside where do I sign here my dear just down here sir okay the weight of Karin's move 3400 lb that's nearly half the over 6,000 lb Atlantic Van Lines says her move weighs 3,400 lb not 6,000 definitely not justified the original price that they gave me you too thank you so much I can't have that putting a bad reputation on us too had Karin only been charged for this weight her cost would have been about $600 not over 2700 only think that this company in particular should be held accountable for what they're doing so do we if we can find them just a Shopper's Drug Mark at every address we check no luck and it's another Shopper Drug Mark looking for ERS on your Marketplace if you had moving problems talk about them at facebook.com/ CBC Marketplace Marketplace is on the Move we've packed up a one-bedroom apartment worth of belongings and hired moving company Kingsway Van Lines to ship it across the country our GPS is tracking the trip but 2 Days in our things haven't made it very far the truck only traveled about 20 minutes from where we started it spent the weekend here that's our stuff sitting there in a movie theater parking lot for an entire weekend that's just unbelievable when we pick up a a small shipment like this we come back here to the warehouse this is a secure facility it's a secure 24/7 security set nine cameras in the parking lot Jim Carney believes incidents like this give the moving industry a bad name he wants standards we're moving our stuff from Toronto to Calgary still don't have a move weight though think that's unusual yeah you should have a move weight within 24 hours of the shipment have been having been loaded should it ever happen that you aren't finding out what the weight is until moments before delivery it should not happen and and if they're finding out about it at that time and if the weight is far in excess of what they were told then they should witness a rescale so what's Jim think of our rescale of Karin's move and it was about 3400 lb not the 6,000 they were suggesting what does that say to you well that says that they need to be uh taken right out of the right out of the moving business that's just horrible and if they're doing it to her then they're going to be doing it to other consumers as well consumers like us we don't know that yet what we do know is exactly what what our things weigh yeah before we shipped it we brought it here another way station with certified scales Scott Barton is the scale Master he records the weight of our truck both unloaded and loaded tickets for both weights are printed directly from the scale hey Scott hey Dave how you doing good so what are we looking at your weight of your contents is400 do the tickets removers look like this usually they'll obviously the name of the the the company and uh when they prch the ticket out you get the date on there m you get the the time mhm and the weight 1400 lb okay Scott thanks so much take both of these tickets oh yeah you get one copy of it right there you go there you go much appreciate sir have a good one all right have a good day bye bye bye it's been over a week since Kingsway picked up our move but we still don't have a way ticket from them what we do have our hands on are these weigh tickets given to customers of Trillium and Kings Way supposedly is proof of what something weighs three different moves over three different days over the course of an entire year but take a closer look all weighed at exactly the same time 749 and 17 seconds they're saying exactly 7:49 and 17 seconds in the morning they they weighed this move they weighed this move and they weigh Miss move yeah I can't believe that's just incredible absolutely incredible a mistake or something else we don't know but Jim wants more industry oversight when you see examples like what you're talking about right now and moves that are going twice and three times the amount that was estimated I think you got to involve the law anytime you can so what's going to happen with our move our things have made their way through the Prairies and are now in Alberta Kingsway tells us they'll be at our storage locker in Calgary by 10:00 a.m. we're there waiting but 10:00 11: 12:00 goes by by the time they arrive they're 5 hours late do I sorry do I need to like be checking things off as they come off could if you want okay disagreements over weight are nothing new for these guys dur in the morning usually it's they arguing about the weight right oh really do you get people arguing about the weight a lot yeah but we got SC they have a scale ticket for us too the final weight not the 1,400 lb our scales found they say it's 1,890 nearly a 500 lb difference that's 2 50 bucks the time on the ticket you guessed it 7:49 and 17 seconds as for the day they say our move was weighed funny thing about that the same day we know our truck was in the theater parking lot the Mover assures us if anyone's getting ripped off it's not Us customer um going to be you know a couple they put another couple hundred lounds just makes but they don't know the jig is already up time for answers how is it that you are charging for more than the actual weight yet it's a mistake sometime it's Error this is your Marketplace what you need to know before you hire a mover at facebook.com/ CBC Marketplace this is your Marketplace our investigation into moving companies connected to Elena and morat Balck has uncovered a trail of customers who believe they were ripped off when we hire them for our Marketplace move we get overcharged by nearly 500b so what do the bald ducks have to say we share our findings and ask for an interview while they'll respond in writing they won't talk on camera but we want answers so we're heading to where they work Atlantic Van Lines contract says the company is in Pickering Ontario but when we show up at the address just a Shopper's Drug Mar same thing when we look for them at the addresses listed for Kingsway and trillian and it's another Shopper Drug Mark finally we do find an actual office for another of their companies Troy transportation yeah no one here either since we can't find them where they work morat I'm David with CBC Marketplace how are you we catch up with morat balduck while he's out in downtown Toronto why is it that Kingsway Trillium and Atlantic have multiple complaints that people get one weit before they move and end up being told it's considerably more so you are telling me that I'm ripping up people don't tell me I am doing this on purpose I am telling you that there are there are instances in which you are charging more than the actual way why don't you go look at my nice customers that they say this company is awesome I move with them in fact we did reaching out to 20 who left positive reviews only one person responded wanted and she says she reviewed too soon once it was delivered she had a list of complaints too still morat insists his company is legitimately weighing people's moves but morat you're telling us that it was weighed at the time it was in the movie theater parking lot but there can be error on the times and day too accident can happen yeah you understand scare ticket to office yeah if the office put if the date is wrong yeah that doesn't mean that I didn't scale that stuff look what morat ultimately here's the issue you're charging your customers more your name again David Comm David Comm I like you David Comm I wish I could talk to you more all right but I really need to go so I'm going to let you go I just have one question sure are you charging more than you should be no no sir no sir okay and I am always ready to s my customers care trust me the balic never do explain why the time stamp on four moves are the same what they do say is they stand by their own records treat their customers fairly and that errors in the moving industry happen but those errors can have a high cost for families like Kin I'm going to hold hold them accountable for what they're doing to families what they're doing to lots of people that probably feel like I do that they just want to get over with and just be done with it well I'm not done with it I'm going to hold them accountable doing see what's in there oh yes my pistol this is a oh this one's for you for today though kin's focused on what's always mattered most building a future without having to give up the past things that you can't replace yeah look at that it's just things you can't replace this is a picture of my parents in the weeks ahead we'll have this story online reviews we all rely on them but are they for real I was fooled by that and I'm I like to think of myself as an educated consumer we're searching for one of Canada's most popular online review viewers I've personally seen numerous people lose 9 to 11 lb during their first week she sells hundreds of testimonials problem is they're all fake I'm a certified financial adviser and I'm a designer and I'm a teacher we want to know why she doesn't why do you do so many fake reviews aren't you misleading people I don't even know who you are get away from my car why won't you talk to us

  Top Comments:
  1. @2getherWeAreWAND [2 likes]: Israeli scam artists.
  2. @ROADS9596 [2 likes]: We moved from Winnipeg to Calgary in early 1999. The moving company we hired tried to extort more money at the moment they showed up to move us.  Said we had a lot more stuff then they thought we would. They then said the truck was too small to fit everything and needed more money (not sure how paying more money would suddenly make the truck larger). We had less than a one bedroom apartment worth of stuff. It was me my wife and infant daughter. I refused to fall for it and paid NO extra. So guess what ? Our stuff took a week to get to Calgary.  A 12 hour trip took 7 days all of a sudden. They said the truck “broke down in Regina”. To this day I still call bullshit on that. I complained and got nowhere of course.
  3. @robertb7643 [1 likes]: Meanwhile big businesses are dodging hundreds of millions of dollars in tax while robbing the country blind eh
  4. @robertb7643 [1 likes]: Now someone do one on the media
  5. @MoversAssistance [1 likes]: 🔔 Had a Terrible Moving Experience? Let's Expose It Together! 🚚💔

Have you been through a nightmare with a moving company and want to prevent others from going through the same ordeal? Now's your opportunity! Reach out to me, and let's schedule a time to dive into the details, share your story, and create a video to expose the company that let you down.

Together, we can shine a light on these experiences, helping future customers make informed decisions about who to trust and who to avoid. Your voice matters, and by sharing your story, you're contributing to a community dedicated to transparency in the moving industry. Send me a message, and let's make a difference! 🤝🎥 #MovingNightmare #ExposeBadMovers #ShareYourStory
  6. @HazelDaYellowLab [1 likes]: NEVER, NEVER, NEVER HIRE a mover without getting a “physical” survey of your home. Meaning, a salesperson will come to your home, and survey everything, Including inside cupboards, etc…they should mark everything they see on a “cube” sheet. If you hire a mover from a phone quote, be prepared to pay MUCH MUCH MORE
  7. @armandog4904 [1 likes]: I remember working for a moving company in Arizona, we took a 26 foot truck loaded halfway to Arkansas, they made the customers pay a little over $13,000…it was insane, i quit shortly after
  8. @robertb7643: Never use a moving company that charges by weight only time or preferably VOLUME, there is no way for them to know the weight it is an inherently dishonest metric
  9. @45sw-671: "Errors happen" he says and proceeds to pull off in his Range Rover.
  10. @Roys_R_us_die-cast_collection: They can always make way for weights to be loaded on the truck
  11. @tjlalonde9946: They quoted me 1600 and said they would hold for me for a month bur I have to give a deposit and then set a date for delivery and I have under 600 pounds from edmonton alberta to wallaceburg ontario and then said there is a fee for the movers to unload and labor costs
  12. @mikescott1307: Society is going down the toilet fast..so sad!
  13. @CynthiaRockroth: Any CDL  knows to RUN TRUCK ACCROST  SCALES EMPTY, TAKE TICKET TO PICK UP LOAD, GO BACK TO EXACT SAME SCALE AND WEIGH THE LOAD, PUT BOTH TICKETS WITH THE BILL OF LADING. their is no excuse in america to not weigh the load when SCALES ARE IN EVERY  MAP. ( unless you are just moving accrost town not near any trucking company  with a scale or any state scales. )
  14. @SyzygyTT: How much for all those tattoos Karin?
  15. @thealexpshow782: I'm always renting a truck myself. Then I'll make sure it gets there
  16. @TheIrishRushin: The scammers accent explains everything.
  17. @dalemiller5893: Did you notice all the food she brought just for her and the two toddlers what a waste of money just there 😂
  18. @jamiebarry1974: Thieves!!!!!
  19. @DICE.DIGITAL: Looking to start a moving business. I didnt know charging by the weight was a thing.
  20. @dianncotterell5531: I would definatly sue. Sue sue sue

- Moving? Hiring a moving company created more problems for one Valley man: Kind: captions Language: en you see some of the dents and scratches up there just about everywhere you look see the tail was busted off you see damage this stuff or spoon everywhere I would Alice risk expected at his move from Texas it was a mess Alan hired United Mayflower moving he just wanted them to drop off his belongings in a container he would move them in the house but he says as movers tried opening the container doors they had to get a crowbar and ripped the doors off he says his belongings shifted yep they forgot to strap everything down furniture was nicked dented scratched here here all through here I brought it to the company's attention right away i called the company and and then I kind of got ignored for quite a while at one time United made flowers owner Yuna group said they'd give Alan thirteen thousand dollars for damage then I got a letter in the mail saying well we decided to pay you half just 6500 so Alan let me know and the assistance league of Phoenix volunteer team took over Jim got involved he didn't waste any time Jim went back and forth with you to group showing proof of the offer and while it took a few months and you guys are unbelievable I mean it was you really helped out Jim got to the right people and Alan got what he deserved did a good thank you very much thanks to knighted Mayflower for taking care of this now the company says we pride ourselves on excellent customer service and fair business practices we're disappointed that mr. Driscoll was not happy we have made it right same problem need help here's how to get hold of me I'm investigator Joe doosan you got a problem let me know

- 3 Biggest Culture Shocks When Moving to the US: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to hospitality Academy your ultimate guide to pursuing a career in the exciting world of hospitality today we're tackling a topic that many International students and professionals face when moving to the United States culture shock one of the most significant culture shocks when moving to the US is experiencing the incredible diversity and multiculturalism that permeates American society with people from all walks of life ethnicities and cultural backgrounds the US is a Melting Pot of cultures languages and traditions another culture shock that many newcomers experience when moving to the US is adjusting to the fast-paced lifestyle from bustling cities to high energy workplaces life in the US moves at a rapid Pace with little time for slowing down lastly navigating social etiquette and customs in the US can present challenges for newcomers from greetings and gestures to dining etiquette and communication Styles cultural norms May differ significantly from what you're familiar within your home country moving to the US is an exciting Adventure filled with new experiences and opportunities remember that cultural differences are an opportunity for growth and learning enhancing your cultural competency and interpersonal skills thanks for joining us on this exploration of the three biggest culture shocks when moving to the US don't forget to read our blog for more information

- CULTURE SHOCK! Moving to the USA 🇺🇸: Kind: captions Language: en thank you it's fun camping where you going bear next stop you is of a finally it guys boarding our plane super excited it's been nearly three years in the making and we're ready and we just learned to the lesson we've got some kind of like premium class upgrade thing that we got priority boarding I ain't complaining because after today I'm ready to get on this plane have a nap [Music] we have Africa right now flight's going well a little bit crap a little bit of turbulence but we're okay we're in the bathroom so welcome to the flight and welcome to this new adventure it's been awesome so far so far the Family Life Creator already we've only just lived in behind well we're super excited to get there only another I don't know 10 hours until we arrived but until then we're gonna catch some cut we're gonna kick I can't even talk we're gonna catch some shutout we'll see you guys in the morning so come to shops number one land in America you have to hire your own cart how crazy that's okay we almost do almost there still a little bit of a culture isn't it what's been the biggest culture but anyway and we're going to use it for like 100 meters and they took it again it's ridiculous anyway on to the next stop we're doing for Council Shop number two how much seven dollars so do the exchange enjoy so I wouldn't say I'm the tallest guy but this bathroom's a little bit of a tight one so we are on our final flight from New York to Atlanta Linda and I are both trying to just stay awake so we're waiting for some coffee now next stop Atlanta and then to find a shower in a bed don't ask him for milk because they'll look at you funny [Applause] foreign hahaha you're gonna move in front too that is a nice car and in the madness we forgot to film an outro to the video so this is it we have arrived safely in Chattanooga if you want to check out more about that make sure you hit the Subscribe button make sure you hit that notification Bell so you can see where the next videos go up we've got more coming to the channel until next time we'll see you then bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @stefanvdw7895 [2 likes]: I Moved to the USA in 2014 when I was 20 (28 now) by myself and have been to Chattanooga many times. Traveled to 30 states so far mainly living in Chicago. I recently joined the United States Air Force and got stationed in South Carolina. I hope your journey is as exciting as mine
  2. @RichardBauer_ [1 likes]: What’s the biggest culture shock you had when arriving in a foreign country?
  3. @terryyy1944 [1 likes]: Not all Americans have flags, but of course, we all have snakes.
  4. @filrabat1965: 4:16 It's very likely a Speckled Kingsnake. Not only non-venomous, but I'll go so far as to say you should actually want these snakes in your yard.  They're known for preying on venomous snakes likely found in Chattanooga (copperhead for sure, and probably rattlers as well -  and maybe a cottonmouth water moccassin. I don't know if the last if found in Chattanooga but they're certainly found in abundance at lower altitudes).  Naturally, they'll also go after other rodents.
  5. @hkm5757: you are getting  to much of the surrounding noise and suppressing your voices . try using  a lavalier microphone or a small directional mic. just an opinion.
  6. @ba-gg6jo: I worked in Germany 40 years ago, waiting to cross the road and seeing no vehicles in either direction, I crossed even though the little guy was still showing red. By the time I reached the opposite pavement, I was jumped on by a German policeman who fined me 10Dm for jaywalking. In saying that I loved it there, great people, good standard of living, and of course outstanding beer.
  7. @hkm5757: pls, pls use a better mic!
  8. @susannelidwina: Lived in the USA from 2008 to 2017...decided to move back with my kids...great experience but home is home
  9. @countrabricksbuildcraze8916: I whanted to go to USA 1996 time cas I bean a hip hop guy sints 80.# but most Aussie girl s and women was not into hip hop but odd one in a million is so it's hard. To connect and relate with Aussie women..cas most are cuntry music rack music punk music and got Manny other Aussie guy s to relate with  wilst Manny of them  don't get my ways but .I get their way s. But felt put down buy them felt left out ..plus ..so I whanted to go to USA cas more  girls and women into hip hop stuff .their  so it's bean tuff thru most my life  .even tho  more kids and youth and sume Australian s are into hip hop more so now days..but sume how I felt. Like I have lived in USA from Oz and connected thru the music and the sauce magazine .way before inter net time s .now days Australian hip hop has grown .bigger .it was put down and hatred on buy main stream majority .so has bean underground hear Sint 70 s  Sint hip hop got biger .and cas USA has .to much guns to gang problem s less jobs and hospital system s not as good ...I not bean on a plain in my life .and never had $$ to fly their .
  10. @beckyhoffman9423: Welcome from Mississippi
  11. @jeremybailey9222: Glad to have y’all here! Already such a blessing to us! 

Oh, and all that airport stuff…widely viewed as way overpriced and they “nickel and dime you to death”

Never been outside the country, but did go to Los Angeles once. It was like a foreign country. Biggest shock, Hollywood. Always heard of all the glitz and glamor of Hollywood, and frankly, it was a dump!
  12. @InfinityDrones: Whooo! in for some big shocks I'm sure!

- Top 10 Culture Shocks moving from the USA to England: Kind: captions Language: en hi everybody for those of you who don't know me my name is julie montesquieu sometimes otherwise known as vi countess hinchingbrook it's a mouthful i know but um i did marry into the british aristocracy nearly two decades ago i've been living here in england now for nearly 20 years and i thought it's about time that i let you all know what really my top 10 culture shocks moving from america to england are [Music] the first culture shock has to be hands down the weather so um the weather is definitely a culture shock and listen i grew up in you know outside chicago where you know it was snowy it was windy the windy city um you know we had pretty severe weather but we did have good summers the sun did come out in illinois and the sun here it's like it's almost like a celebration day when the sun comes out here today is a typical day in august it's freezing cold i'm going to get on the cold in a second but it's overcast it probably is going to rain it's probably already rained wouldn't you say i've got by the way i've got claire and steven who are behind the camera or you can see who steven's from liverpool claire is from around here from yeovil we had such fun putting together uh the sort of just doing this video um so the weather what was it like for you guys growing up your whole life nothing to write home about it it was always just average yeah always wet when it's summer holidays we're going to get onto that word as claire just said summer holiday we're going to talk about that we also like moaning about the weather oh complaining about the weather it's a very british thing everything here is about the weather literally moaning about the weather oh my gosh i mean i became listen i'm moaning about the weather right now and i'm not even british that's good good practice number two is queueing queuing now what he means by that is not queuing like a pool table or whatever um it's cueing standing in line because you guys line up for everything it's a public pastime and hobby yeah we love a good good key they're just everywhere there's queues everywhere there's lines everywhere you can't just like walk up in a shop and there's like people behind the till waiting for you there's queues everywhere um so there's cues in the supermarket which also by the way and i bet claire and steven don't know this that in america there's somebody bagging your groceries so when i first arrived here i remember my very first shop cueing in the supermarket finally it's my turn i put all my stuff on the conveyor belt i get to the end and she just sat there and was like okay and i was like wait do i have to bag my own groceries she was like uh yeah you do okay what did i write for number three it was food food listen the food has definitely gotten better so i'm not kidding yeah i'd be super careful exactly food is definitely getting better but the food is definitely different there's a lot of shepherd's pie there's roast dinners we look like roast dinners roast dinners fishing on a friday can we tell the difference between shepherd's pie and cottage pie so shepherd's pie has what type of meat lambs mint lamb's mints which we wouldn't really call it mince we would call it ground you call it yeah exactly we call it ground beef you call it minced beef and then cottage pie is is beef right so cottage pie has ground beef in it as they would say minced and shepherd's pie has minced lamb but we would say ground lamb um then we have but there's a lot of roasts just sunday roasts but it doesn't have to be sunday to have a roast a midweek roast a roast on a wednesday roast on wednesday so there's leftovers for the roast you make too big a roast you have another roast the next day and the roast is basically your roast chicken usually potatoes and carrots that's it that's it yeah right and what about are we going to talk about fish and chips yeah fish fried isn't it someone has fish and chips on a farm everybody raymond who has been working at matt pretend to state for 38 years um has fish and chips every friday claire stephen did you have fish and chips friday yeah do you still do it occasionally not this much but yeah when i worked at the school it was fish and chips friday right fish and chips friday yeah so there you go and we're gonna talk about chips when we get into words stay tuned to see how many english equivalents of american words stephen and claire can guess right okay this is a good one bangs a friend did you know that we called it bang so tea drinking here and i do have my i found this in a charity shop elizabeth ii queen the current queen obviously her coronation i found this at westminster well not at westminster abbey but it was at westminster abbey 1953 but let's go to the t everything when you come in from the bad weather and you're you know basically you're a drowned rat everybody will make you a cup of tea if you need to talk about something you make a cup of tea you make a cup of tea all day long but then you still have tea time everything stops for tea everything stops your teeth you have to find time for tea always boil the kettle have your tea but here's the question to you both does the milk go in first or do you put the milk in after milking first milk in no we first afterwards at first no that's another thing this an afternoon tea as well with the scones and the cream or the jam first right between different regions there are different ways of doing things right yeah so claire you put the milk in first stephen you put the milk in after yeah and then on your scone which we would say scone and you say a scone you put so there's a real debate do you put the jam first then the clotted cream jam and then the cream yeah but some places do cream then jam see i do cream and jam it's the devon way that's another county next to dorset the cornish is jamming cream so tea you always have to have tea and you if you live here you and you're american you always have to have lots of tea bags ready everybody drinks tea setting the table for dinner and dinner etiquette scary one what forks knives spoons plates cups it's sometimes you'll arrive and you're like there are four knives here and then there are four forks and then there are three spoons and then there are multitude of like plates glasses i still get it wrong and setting the table you have to do like a thumb i think to where everything has to be lined up so you have to line up the edge or the bottom edge of each utensil alongside the bottom edge of the table and going all the way across and it's about a thumb i'm actually still really rubbish at it i'll set it and my husband will i see him come around and make sure it's all perfect after i've said it if our viewers want to see a video about that hit the like button and we will do a dinner etiquette video that's right we will do a rubbish dinner advocate a wrong one so if you do want that video hit the like button comment below and we will make that video for you definitely next one is words so this contest tell us about some strange english words some strange english words that i got wrong from basically day one meeting my english husband so the story goes and it doesn't just go the story was and it's the truth is after dating my husband for a few months luke montague he pulled out his credit card and on his credit card it said this word this count so i said to him why does your credit card say this count and he looked at me slightly in horror and said it's not this count it's vi count i of course had you know the greatest one-liner comeback ever and i said but why would it be pronounced vi count when it's spelled exactly like discount and that is the truth and he thought great i gotta marry this girl so words gosh there's well that's one of them so it is i'm afraid vi counts and by countess but if you do meet me and you call me viscontis i'll give you a big hug which we're going to talk about later so we have of course different words we speak the same language but there are words that are different so the most obvious ones are potato chips america you guys call them they don't even know do you not know the crisps crisps crisps are called something it's so confusing it's so confusing right think about it okay i'm gonna name i'm gonna name what we say in america and then you guys tell me what you say in in here in english we would say parking lot yeah car park correct okay obviously french fries chips write again i would say zucchini oh that one is pick again yeah an aubergine well [Applause] as soon as i'm gonna say it yeah so that's easy okay this is a good one bangs yes a friend you're on fire did you know that we called it bangs right yes i thought they were on the side no no it's not here it's here okay cookie uh biscuits biscuits right again good this isn't we don't have cookies we do have cookies yeah but i think it's like and we have jaffa cakes which are biscuits but they're not actually biscuits this is cake a java cake needs a cookie lots of different cake and a biscuit you're right so we're going to get into this big argument no i'm just kidding okay wait this is so fun i've got to do a couple more obviously we say vacation yes yeah and the one i don't get is when it's snowing which it never does here but you know maybe one day out of every 10 years you everybody would get out with this much snow they would get out their sleds yep that doesn't make any sense so we'll stop there because we could go on and on and on we do have turn the tables a little bit we've got place names okay so we would say i would say la log well i know how to say it the right way yeah right and this one is loft bro yeah this one's in wales uh see if you can have a go at that one okay i can't even see that that's landfarb phil gwyngill gorgeous i know how to pronounce it now but when i first came here lescester square but it's lester yeah grove is a grow worsted worst duster shire yeah lane cashier but it's lancashire shire yeah apparently it is see we just make it easier that's all shorten them that's right we uh the next one slightly related to the weather and i mean topical for you it's always cold and you're always calm it's always cold especially in these historic houses it's always cold it's just it's just always cold like i'm my husband will be i'll be like can you just turn the heat up he's like it's hot in here i'm like hot in here so that's why you see me wearing a hat a lot so even in my videos when it's like summer and i'm filming i'll still a lot of the times be wearing a hat narrow roads and roundabouts and the fact that we drive on the the right side of the road you'd say we drive on the left side but that's the right but that's the wrong side so that's the wrong side of the road but especially here the narrow road the no the roads are this big they go like this so if you're prone to car sickness i would think twice about visiting here then they don't have like yield signs here they have roundabouts and you can get stuck i mean when i first got my license here i would just sit at the roundabout with people honking behind me being like lady you gotta go and i'm like i don't know when to go and then of course they drive on the wrong side of the road i mean you're one of like a handful of countries that drive on the left side of the road come on it's the wrong side debatable swimming in the sea everybody here so remember the uk you don't have to remember this because you know this is an island so it's surrounded by water and it's not mediterranean water at all it's not the caribbean it's freezing cold all year round all year round even in summer because there isn't really summer here because it's freezing cold here in the summer everybody here swims in this freezing cold sea like it's the mediterranean it's usually about nine or ten degrees celsius that's another one that we didn't have actually a celsius entirely degrees recently i don't even know what that means i've been here 20 years 18 degrees what is that like that is not hot that's like 60 maybe no i think it's like 65 degrees fahrenheit if you thinks going swimming in a sea in 65 degrees fahrenheit or whatever is warm claire thinks it's more about that's warm for a diver that is warm it's tropical it's it's cold the sea is always cold and the final one is um we're a lot more reserved so we don't when you come and greet someone it's usually a handshake or something there's no hugs there's no kind of hugs limits so they handshake they either handshake or they're like oh if you really if you know them like a little bit more a little bit more familiar it can be like a like that's what you know i do with like friends my english friends and then of course but i do still give my english friends who i do love and adore a big hug as well so but you know they don't you don't really hug hair do you guys no no we're a lot more reserved yeah you're a lot more reserved with everything stiff upper lip stiff upper lip whereas the american we like to we wear our emotions on our sleeve so there you go was that it is that the top ten yeah that was the top ten so um let us know down below what was your favorite of these top tens and anything else those of you who have traveled to the uk from america or anywhere else in the world um that has been your culture shock we'd love to hear here's my last question though to claren to stephen have you been to america no so i can't even ask you my burning question yeah we say you've gone to canada and that's pretty much the same thing but i know don't say that yet you just annoyed um yeah okay so um thanks you guys so much for joining me again comment down below do subscribe to my channel lots more coming and uh yeah bye for now and thanks a huge thanks to claire and to stephen for their invaluable input into today's or into this video very very valuable thank you both

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmericanCountess [25 likes]: Enjoying these videos on my channel? You can help support the production of future vlogs and episodes by becoming a Patron at https://www.patreon.com/americanviscountess
  2. @rachelschwebach7566: Princess Diana’s butler Paul Burrell said that if you are having tea with a royal that you should put the tea in the cup and then add the milk. I can’t remember if the clotted cream goes on the scone first or the jam.
  3. @bridgettb3242: A heartfelt congratulations to you and your family. I’ve been looking forward to an announcement. It is such happy news that both you and baby are home safe and healthy. Sending love and blessings to you and yours.
  4. @joanosborn2788: Pretty mych thebsame thing!?! 😂  Clearly they've not been to the U.S. 🤣
  5. @sallyboyd1212: I spent 3 months in England in my late 20s and had the most trouble trying to buy 1/4 lb of rice.  She started scooping 14lbs!  In the end, I finally said, in frustration, "I want a half of a half!!!!"  The lady helping me said, "Oh!  you want a quarter!"  YES!🤣
  6. @Steven-l7b1t: No the left is the correct side to drive on.

Makes much more logical sense than the right.
  7. @Steven-l7b1t: Here in Australia its just chips or hot chips.

Thats all.
  8. @RiverDanube: I’m Australian and we must be more educated here because these are not cultural shocks to us.
  9. @candicehopkins9845: Thank you for this episode.  Truly, I did enjoy it very much!       
One little pet peeve of most Canadians however, is as follows:  As Canadians living in Canada, we too, live in "America," along with Mexicans from Mexico, we three countries, Canada, United States and Mexico, all share the North American continent.   Perhaps you could be more inclusive and accurate by asking, "Have you been to the United States?" rather than ask, "Have you been to "America?"
  10. @kathchandler8189: Milk first or after? I would only put milk in the cup first if I was making tea in a teapot, this allows it to reach to chosen strength before pouring...using a teabag in a cup or mug you should pour the boiling water direct onto the teabag, give it a swirl with a spoon , again, same reason till it gains the right strength for you, take the teabag out, bin it & THEN add the milk ! I like builder's tea, strong , I can't stand a cuppa where it arrives with water, teabag & milk all together !
  11. @pirekova: You truly are the right person in the right place!
  12. @ArtFreeman: I think India has saved British cuisine.
  13. @karinwakefield9153: first the milk and then the tea, it comes from the time when tea cups were not yet made of Chinese porcelain and would break if the tea was too hot,
  14. @debisybesma5855: british weather sounds like the weather i grew up in in washington state. never could really plan for anything cuz you never knew when it was going to rain!! and that was summers! last time i was in the state, they had record breaking rains and record breaking snows and i left AGAIN as by then, i knew there was some place to live where you COULD plan springs, summers AND falls outdoors.
  15. @OptimisticSatellite-zn1yn: I Prefer English Conservatism
  16. @OptimisticSatellite-zn1yn: I Would Never Want To Live There
  17. @OptimisticSatellite-zn1yn: Where Did You Meet ?
  18. @HannibalFan52: I love Arthur Dent's (Martin Freeman) line in the 1005 version of 'Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy':  'I'm British.  We know how to queue.'
  19. @geoffreymartin2764: Correct side of road. Japan, India, UK, Australia, New Zealand, Fiji just a few. And a lot of people.
  20. @sarai846: The first time I visited London was in June 2016, summer... The English summer is like the Israeli winter...
Regarding food, in London I went to Italian restaurants, better to be safe than sorry. I tried eating fish and chips at a restaurant near the Tower of London, nice, nothing more, but to my surprise, tea with milk was delicious, strange but delicious.

- Cultural Differences: Europe vs USA - Moving To Europe: Kind: captions Language: en so you've kissed the barney stone you have held up the tower of pisa and now you're ready to make that big move across the world to europe there's a few things you might want to think about first hello there i'm rafael di furia back at it again on another friday night for another episode of not your average globetrotter and this friday night i wanted to get into the topic about living in europe some things that especially if you're coming from the u.s that you may have to get used to while you may think that it's just like moving anywhere else you go you find an apartment you think that it's going to be this wonderful new experience which it is don't get me wrong but there are some very small details in day-to-day life which can be a shock for some people especially that maybe they've only vacationed here or maybe you're just gonna hop on a plane jump off and land definitely doable but the first thing that i want to talk about is when getting around especially public transport public transport is a big thing in europe especially train travel bus travel to an extent whenever you're seeing the times listed you're going to see it written in what we might call military time or 24 hour time format and that instead of going from 1 until 12 it goes from 0 until 23 so 0 colon 0 0 that is 12 midnight or 1 2 colon 0 0 that's 12 noon or for example 7 colon zero zero or zero seven zero zero that is seven o'clock am we just have are taking out the pm's and the ams and you have to do a little math basically about any time after 12 noon just minus uh 12 from the time that you're seeing so 13 it's one 15 it's three it's math sometimes you get used to it over time you stop thinking about it after a while so when you are learning a foreign language and of course if you are moving to another country at least learn the basics and don't just learn say one through twelve as far as the numbers go learn zero through twenty three also before we get into the rest of the episode a quick comment question of the week if you're here watching on youtube if you're listening as an audio only podcast feel free to come on over to youtube but if you're thinking about moving to europe or just traveling here what are maybe some of the biggest cultural differences or differences in lifestyle that even though many things may be exciting about moving or traveling to europe are there any things that you find concerning about moving to europe or even just traveling another thing that may be a little bit strange for some of us coming from the states at least depending on the generation is the how you address people how you talk to people to use polite salutations and certain words like sir madam good morning good evening good afternoon in the u.s we have a and actually the english-speaking world not completely but in a lot of the english-speaking world we have a tendency to be very informal whereas in europe you have a lot of formality and it's not like oh we are here and we have to be all buttoned up all the time no it's just sometimes that it's just part of the normal daily interaction if you're walking into a store in the us it's common to hear that hey how you doing and it doesn't really mean hey how are you like the person actually genuinely cares i've mentioned this in previous episodes so you don't want to walk into a store in italy inside to say like ciao mestai like just walking in the person excuse me you don't know me like that it's a bit too personal so it's very polite that you walk in you say hello good morning good afternoon in portugal you might actually hear the ola like hello good afternoon in italy it could differ maybe you'll hear salve instead of ciao it just depends on what country you're in and it's important that each different place that you learn what are the normal ways of speaking you don't want to like i said just walk in hey ciao bongiorno can we stay no definitely not what you want to do but then also when like in the supermarket for example especially here in portugal i've seen this a lot uh like if you're at a supermarket for example and you are in an aisle and you have to pass by somebody or you need to walk around someone whatever it could be anywhere and if you're in that type of situation using the words for excuse me seems to be very very much used here rather than just continuing and walking and going through like i've been in plenty of places where nobody thinks twice about that but here specifically i've seen a lot of people really pay attention and say calmly sensa before passing you or trying to get around you and like shoving you out of the way in other countries i've been to sometimes they'll just push you out of the way or just push around you or just walk in front of you so again depending on where you are you may want to learn some of these little bits and pieces of the language that not filler words although filler words once you start speaking will help you to get through certain conversations to understand what some people are saying better and to understand the words that people get hung up on but another thing that will be different than some other parts of the world is bureaucracy is almost supreme here especially when you're dealing with things on an international level maybe as an individual person you're not really going to see so much of that yeah if you're working and you have a business could be a thing but different countries in europe will have different levels of bureaucracy that you have to deal with on a daily basis in comparison to when i lived in italy and now living in portugal i can say it feels on a day-to-day basis like there's less red tape that you have to deal with however when you compare portugal to the us it's definitely more than the u.s i've talked to plenty of americans that come here and like oh my gosh i can't believe all the red tape and things you have to do here and i'm like hey you haven't been to italy yet you haven't tried to live in italy before but just before getting into the next section i do want to say a huge thank you to those of you who helped to make content like this possible on a regular basis on a monthly basis through patreon.com patreon as well as the purchases of the shirts mugs onesies and more all of that really helped this project to be able to continue so thank you all so very very much and also thank you for subscribing sharing these videos and also liking and leaving comments down in the comment section below but then again kind of talking about this part of southern europe you have to also consider the differences between southern europe and northern europe and in southern europe depending on where you are and even parts of northern europe you have to really consider what times of day things will be closed or even days of the week sunday even in some cities some big cities you'll find that a lot of things just shut down maybe if you're in a center a tourist center you'll have more things that are open and big city maybe you'll have some stuff going on but there will be those times of day when you can't go to a store or maybe you can't sit at a restaurant it's not uncommon like again portugal is an example if you go to a restaurant just a little too late in the afternoon that they're not going to be serving food from say maybe three o'clock until seven o'clock 7 30 whereas even in italy you may find some places that will close down about two and then not go until eight or nine depending on where you are it varies greatly depending on whether you're in northern italy or southern italy but i would say generally speaking in europe the further south you go the later the meal times tend to be but you do get used to it over time and this kind of i don't want to say siesta period because yes more like spanish kind of language culture part of the world but it almost is a similar type of idea but people go home they eat they cook and have a meal with their family fresh meal maybe not everybody does this but you'll have that time in the afternoon in southern europe maybe if you get to france you won't see that as much and you won't have as much time or germany maybe or northern europe maybe you'll have to work so long that you'll actually have to eat at your desk and you won't have that whole huge amount of time it really really depends on where you are but another thing you don't really see as much out in europe as you do in the states or the 24 hour stores or the mega stores you do see sometimes like um like a hyper market that's not uncommon to see you may have to drive out to it it might not be exactly in the center of a city or really super close but you'll have access to it one way or another whether it's through your own car or through public transportation in a hyper market it's kind of like say a not quite a tarjay boutique or a walmart more of a supermarket and they also have other things but you will find some hyper markets do have like a clothing section um electro domestic section depending on the the specific one really it can vary greatly or it could just end up being a huge huge supermarket but something like a 24 hour store those are far less common even in cities yeah you can sometimes find those stores that are open in the middle of the night but it's not like you're going to be in some places in the states where maybe you have a 24-hour gas station or 24-hour walmart i don't know if that's still a thing i remember hearing that walmart stopped doing that i don't know if they started up again anyway you don't really see that as much and then also another thing is you have to take into consideration how early things can close some places in some cities may have longer hours but when you get out into smaller cities you may find that some things will close at seven o'clock eight o'clock nine o'clock so you have to take care of all of your shopping before that time but of course maybe if you're going to a hyper market they could be open a little bit later you do need a car and usually they're not so central you have to get out a little bit for those but again just on the topic of even just shopping this is a different mindset i mean there's so many people that talk about oh the americans are such a consumeristic society and i think in a way that there is some truth to that but the way that the lifestyle is set up allows for that you generally speaking will have more space available to you cars are much more common i mean it's not like people don't have cars here but i know of more families here that will have fewer cars than i know of families in the states that will have more cars or even other parts of the world where maybe one home will have five cars for each individual within the family whereas here maybe one car for the same amount of people or two cars for the same amount of people that's even if you have the parking to begin with generally speaking it does seem as though running a car out in this part of the world does tend to be a little bit more pricey especially with licensing fees road fees uh fueling now you're paying not by the gallon but by the leader and that can get very pricey very quick and depending on where you are especially in southern europe if you're trying to run an electric vehicle you may not have the same infrastructure that you might have in other parts of the world it's still developing but even in a city like braga which is like what the third largest city in the country there's not a tesla supercharger here there are chargers but not like a supercharger so if that's something that's important to you that's something worthwhile considering like i can say i even know people who have teslas and they are thinking about selling their teslas because of the lack of infrastructure here in this area in the country it's not like you can't find but again you don't have the same convenience as you do in maybe other parts of the world but getting back to the shopping kind of before i got on that tangent you don't necessarily have the space to go and store like say you do one shopping trip in a month or every few weeks and you just pack up the car and you've got a big freezer out in the garage and a big fridge in the house and another freezer that you keep in a pantry whatever generally speaking fridges in europe tend to be much smaller they're not necessarily as wide or as deep but sometimes you will find they're taller so a bit skinnier and so they don't hold quite as much even you can look online at some like home electro domestic stores and find refrigerators and find a specific section of the website dedicated to american fridges because american fridges are kind of this category of larger fridges that can hold a lot more in them of course they can often cost a little bit more to run because you're running more power through it but not always you have to just compare contrast that's just how life is anyway so when going for those shopping trips maybe people will not get as much or even for example my situation i don't want to drive here i have no interest in that at this point in my life maybe in the future that'll be a thing so i just go shopping and carry as much as i can with me and so i'll go shopping more often and i know plenty of people who are doing something somewhat similar that they just go shopping more often for fewer items and it's just a thing that you kind of get used to so even for me i can say 13 plus years in a car free lifestyle that's just something i'm used to and i don't even have that in my head oh if i need to go purchase a lot of different things like no no okay i'm going to purchase x y and z that i have for myself for now that i'm going to use okay maybe i have a few emergency things that i keep in my freezer just in case i need them you never know when you're gonna need that emergency piece of chocolate or that emergency ice cream these things happen especially in the middle of the night you never know it's so important though to always be prepared but joking aside another thing that can vary greatly between northern europe southern europe and even the states and other countries the drinking cultures how much a person drinks when they drink what the approach is towards alcohol and the mindset like in the states 21 is the minimum age in a lot of europe the minimum age is 18 some countries used to have like italy if i'm not mistaken it was in the past legal to have wine and beer at 16 and then at 18 everything else i think they took that away and now it's 18 for everything but even then people just don't care the same way in the states i i can say the amount of times i've been carted in europe is probably none even as a teenager in europe i don't ever remember being carded and i even with if you're with family people care less but also depends on the country that you're in and if it's just a beer or a glass of wine it's not that really big of a deal even in some countries i believe they have certain rules that if you're at home and if you're with a responsible adult like your parents for example then as long as they allow you to have it it's not a big deal whereas in the states there's some pretty heavy restrictions on alcohol but even just drinking in general people you will find people that drink to get drunk but it depends on the country of course but i can say in portugal and italy for sure that there's more of just this culture of having a drink to kind of color the evening not to go out get slush get trash let's have a party no no no it's to just elevate and enjoy a bit more but also day drinking it's not necessarily that it's more of a thing but it's kind of more accepted and more normalized within certain kind of situations like it's not uncommon to see like an old dude at a bar and when i'm talking about a bar i'm talking about what we might actually call a cafe in the states with uh some like here in portugal some like portuguese fire water some white lightning aguardent is what it's called and just sipping on that or just downing it and it's a part of the life having that enjoyment in the middle of the day and just kind of continuing on or using that as a little pick-me-up or to mix it with coffee and then also in in italy there's the the mixed alcohol and coffee drink that you can get and that's just something that some people do do some of these people have issues with the substance maybe but again it's not like oh my gosh it's before noon you're drinking something no it's like okay whatever if i'm gonna have it it's a good day i'm not gonna have it it's also a good day but even late afternoon in italy that's aperitivo hour you go you have your aperol or whatever it is your campari and you're just sitting there sipping on it you're having some snacks you're not there to get trashed you're just enjoying the afternoon but another thing that i have seen over the years be a major shock to a lot of americans thinking about moving to europe but even actually not just moving to europe but traveling in europe is air conditioning and for me for many years i was like ah who needs air conditioning yeah it's nice i like it i enjoy it but do i need it no now i'm getting to a point in my life where i can say i have a bit more appreciation for it and if i have the option for it even for like my computer or hard drives or whatever they work better when it's cooler inside and so i also work better when it's cooler inside so i have embraced a little bit of my uh inner american even after all these years and i do feel very separated from it there's certain little things that definitely come back up when you're looking for an apartment or even a hotel room having air conditioning isn't always guaranteed sometimes you'll have it sometimes you won't and then also another thing to consider is whether you have single pane windows or double pane windows double pane windows just in general if you can make sure you're in a place with them it can really save you a lot in winter and make a huge difference between a bitter cold painful winter and a somewhat comfortable doable winter generally speaking though in europe a lot of people will wear sweaters or even jackets and they'll bulk up a little bit with clothing rather than using some sort of climatization unit like a heater or whatever it may be but also in italy you do find that there are some buildings that have central heating as part of the unit and you'll pay either for your unit specifically or a divided price for the building that actually is really big to understand in italy if it's autonomous or if it's part of the communal heating because say you use only a little bit of heating during the winter but your your people in your building are using a ton of heating that could drive your heating bill up crazy or if it's included with your apartment it all really depends on the type of contract that you have so personally i would say if you are looking for that it doesn't necessarily hurt to have autonomous heating but it can be a bit pricey but then also even just in regards to heating there have been talks within the european union both at the eu level and also domestic level in some countries to restrict the usage of air conditioning and heating in the winter even in switzerland different things it's not important to get into in this episode but uh in some public buildings there are some restrictions i believe in spain they recently passed that it can't go below a certain temperature in the summer mostly for trying to be more eco-friendly and then also i believe in switzerland there is actually now a limit on personal usage in your home to not go above a certain temperature in winter for heating these are things that there's talks maybe it could be more in more countries more of these things rolling out but you never know i mean impossible to say for sure this again gets back to my point though about bureaucracy that there are a lot more aspects of life that do have some little something that goes along with it you have to sign an extra paper or if there's some extra rules or maybe you live in a building and you're not allowed to take a shower after 9 00 pm at night just because the walls are so thin that everybody's going to hear you taking a shower a lot of europe does have certain rules that between x and y time x time at night and y in the morning that you can't make noise during those periods at least if you're an apartment even if you're in a stand-alone home but if you're on the countryside that's a different story anyway i think this is a great place to round out this episode so thank you all so much for watching subscribing sharing liking these videos it really does help the project but what really does help even more to help this project is the monthly support on patreon as well as the one-time donations you can find the links to that in the more info section below this episode on youtube rafael di furia.com patreon patreon.com and rafaelia.com support as well as the purchase of the shirts mugs onesies and more through store.rafaeldifuria.com thank you all so much for joining me for another friday night for another episode of not your average globetrotter stay safe and healthy out there and i will see you all next time later [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lucchese20 [5 likes]: Thanks Rafael for this summary. Agree 100-percent w/your commentary.👍 QUESTION: Like you, I'm not considering purchasing a car (at least initially) before moving to PT or IT. Have you converted your US driver's license to an IT or PT license? I understand one must convert to an EU license within a certain period time without retaking a driving test. 🚗 Cheers.
  2. @Ohjeezno [4 likes]: I think it's not worth going to Europe for an average American because you're not allowed to bring your guns, so  how on earth would you be able to defend yourself?!
  3. @rebeccagutierrez1960 [2 likes]: Great content as usual. As soon as I entered Portugal- still at the airport someone was sort of in my way. And I kindly said, "con licensa".  It felt weird and good at the same time that I was now going to be able to practice my basic Portuguese.
  4. @stephaneportron9807 [1 likes]: People walking slowly in the middle of the sidewalk, not letting you any space to pass. ALL THE TIME :D
  5. @ChiaraDBrown [1 likes]: Generally people are more judgmental in Europe, and more surprised if you don't follow their folkways. I also dread more bureaucracy, more negative attitudes in general, cigarette smoking everywhere, more rigidity of thought.
  6. @rickchandler2570 [1 likes]: The way you're describing things it reminds me of where I grew up in the rural South.  I'm looking forward to the slower pace of life.
  7. @yolandastudzinska6203: Us people eat with fork, or hands, Europeans, by the table with knife and fork...
  8. @yolandastudzinska6203: How about the table etiquette?
  9. @telmo7088: Portuguese houses are probably the worst heated house in Europe. I am from the north of Portugal and, man let me tell you, winter can be a hard time. A lot of the houses have low quality insolation, the electricity bill is high and it always was and salaries are low, as you know. So people often have to wear their jackets at home and have only one room of the house hitted, while the rest of the house feels like a freezer. In some bad cases, you can see the cloud of your breathing. 
I know it sounds like an exaggeration or over dramatic. But it is factual. 
When the rest of the Europe talks about saving energy and lowering energy consumption makes me laugh a little. The portuguese people did that the whole life. 
Thank you for your thoughts. Very accurate.
  10. @bluefox5331: In some coutries it's the country's law that on Sunday (and of course holidays) most businesses must close, the exception is the owner can work if they want, they just can't demand their workers to do so. So the big markets will be closed, but small shops might be open with the owner standing behind the counter.

I wouldn't say we don't care about underage kids drinking- it's for sure illegal to sell alcohol to under 18, so I'd think sellers would care to not get slapped with a fine if not anything else. Could test this I suppose, being 21 but looking, as I heard, 16 XD. But then idk what i'd do with that alcohol, I don't really drink

As with central heating... the only time I heard of people wearing jackets inside here is when someone literally can't afford to heat their rooms. This is one of those things that will HEAVILY depend on where you live, aka how hot vs cold that climate is. I hear you're living in Portugal, so I imagine that's quite hotter than here in Poland. I do not know of a house that does not have some sort of heating, be it electric or coal, and of any flat that doesn't have either central heating or a fireplace. You'd literally freeze. Double pane windows or not. 
Air conditioning, yes, it is a very rare thing. But we don't heat with air conditioning. It's thought of a more "air cooling" thing here, so a fickle expense just for those extra hot summer days.

I guess it's hard to speak about a very large chunk of a continent (or a continent if you're not an Eurasia kind of guy) without some inaccuracies. If anybody with an intention to move to a foreign european country reads this.. be sure to look up that specific country's customs too, an overview of Europe as a whole will be really vague.
  11. @Bryan-fb8dh: "Foreigners" hate on Americans for speaking one language and not being cultured but North America is a Contenant and our culture and language is everywhere around the world. Its forgivable. We should try more but Foreigners gonna hate. That being said went to England and everything, everything! shutdown by 4pm except pubs and gas stations. Culture shock.
  12. @CHess-fq7bt: Another interesting and informative episode! Thank you, Rafael. I always enjoy watching and learning - keep them coming.
  13. @carolc1543: Good points.  I laugh at Americans when they ask for ice in their drinks in Europe.  I’m American, dual citizen and never used ice.  So no problem for me. Small refrigerator is fine with me. I’d rather shop for fresh ingredients everyday.  Getty drunk here, especially in Florida where I live it  is promoted.  Air conditioning …oh in Florida I would die without it.
  14. @shelby3347: How’s the energy costs ?? Gas cost and what’s the projected winter cost this year I don’t think I want to be living anywhere in Europe right now.
  15. @bentvibe: Very much enjoyed your latest submission. My wife and I will be visiting Porto and Braga next month finally after several reschedules due to covid and the like. I am guessing that October would be a nice time to hang out there. Here is sort of an off the wall question: How much of a pain in the ass is it to move large objects in Braga if you don't have a car? I play double bass?
  16. @rover213: olha lá caramelo, dá um toque da próxima vez que vieres ao Porto, se vieres ás compras ou ao shopping avisa...

- American Culture You NEED To Know: Kind: captions Language: en Vanessa: Hi. I'm Vanessa&nbsp;&nbsp; from SpeakEnglishWithVanessa.com. Do you know&nbsp; these very American things? Let's talk about it.&nbsp; Do you know this song? Most Americans&nbsp; immediately recognize this tune, even though&nbsp;&nbsp; my poor singing. You're immediately able&nbsp; to recognize this song because it is a&nbsp;&nbsp; common feature of American culture. So today I&nbsp; would like to help you learn 10 common things.&nbsp;&nbsp; Some of them are expressions. Some of them are&nbsp; activities. Some of them are cultural elements&nbsp;&nbsp; that all Americans know and you should too. Now of course, the US is an incredibly diverse&nbsp;&nbsp; place with a lot of people who have various&nbsp; backgrounds. So this might not apply to everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't speak for all people living in the United&nbsp; States. But these are generally known things in&nbsp;&nbsp; the US that it's kind of fun to be able to know&nbsp; as well. So let's get started with the first one.&nbsp; And to help you remember everything that&nbsp; you learned in this very American lesson,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can download the free PDF worksheet that&nbsp; I've made for today's lesson. It includes all&nbsp;&nbsp; of these expressions, cultural elements, and&nbsp; ideas that I've talked about in this lesson.&nbsp;&nbsp; Plus, you'll see Vanessa's Challenge&nbsp; Question so that you can answer it and&nbsp;&nbsp; use what you've learned. You can download&nbsp; that PDF with the link in the description.&nbsp; All right. Let's get started with our first very&nbsp; American thing that almost all Americans know what&nbsp;&nbsp; it is. If I asked you, "What are you doing&nbsp; for the fourth," would you know what I mean?&nbsp;&nbsp; You might look at your calendar and say, "November&nbsp; 4th? December 4th?" No. When someone asks you,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What are you doing for the fourth," they&nbsp; always mean July 4th. And that's because&nbsp;&nbsp; July 4th is the American Independence Day. And&nbsp; we usually just shorten this to the fourth.&nbsp;&nbsp; "What are you doing for the fourth?&nbsp; I'm going to the lake for the fourth.&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm not really doing anything for the fourth,&nbsp; but maybe I'll try to find some fireworks."&nbsp;&nbsp; We often shorten Independence Day or July 4th&nbsp; to just the fourth. And now you know that too.&nbsp; If I said to you, "Whoa, I just found a&nbsp; Benjamin on the street. I can't believe it."&nbsp;&nbsp; Huh? Would you think that I found a guy named&nbsp; Benjamin on the street and I just feel so excited?&nbsp;&nbsp; Maybe he's my long lost friend. Nope. If I said I&nbsp; found a Benjamin on the street, that means a $100&nbsp;&nbsp; bill. And that's because Benjamin Franklin is&nbsp; the guy who's on the $100 bill. So if you say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh man, I really just need to earn some Benjamins&nbsp; this weekend. I need to pay my rent. I'm falling&nbsp;&nbsp; behind." That means you need to make several&nbsp; hundred dollars. It's just slang for a hundred&nbsp;&nbsp; dollars. So I hope for you, you find a Benjamin&nbsp; on the street someday. That would be amazing.&nbsp; If my husband Dan said, "Did you eat&nbsp; the last piece of cake?" I might say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I plead the fifth." What is happening here? Am&nbsp; I telling him that I'm guilty? Or am I telling&nbsp;&nbsp; him I'm not guilty? I didn't do it. Well,&nbsp; this expression I plead the fifth has to do&nbsp;&nbsp; with the fifth amendment to the constitution.&nbsp; And that means that I don't need to tell you&nbsp;&nbsp; because maybe it will hurt me in a court of law&nbsp; later. This is a very legal type of statement.&nbsp;&nbsp; But we often use this in daily conversation&nbsp; to say yes, but I don't want to tell you.&nbsp; So when my husband asks me, "Did you eat the last&nbsp; piece of cake," and I say, "I plead the fifth,"&nbsp;&nbsp; he knows, yes, Vanessa ate it,&nbsp; but she doesn't want to tell me.&nbsp;&nbsp; So you can use this very American&nbsp; expression when you want to tell someone&nbsp;&nbsp; yes, but maybe you feel embarrassed to tell&nbsp; them yes directly. You can just say, "Ah,&nbsp;&nbsp; I plead the fifth." Great expression. In 2004, I was a senior. Does this mean I was old&nbsp;&nbsp; in 2004? What if I told you also that in 2008,&nbsp; I was also a senior. Huh? If you're in America,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can probably guess that this means I was in&nbsp; high school in 2004 and I was in college in 2008.&nbsp;&nbsp; A senior means you are in your last year of high&nbsp; school or your last year of college. So in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; we often have terms for first, second, third, and&nbsp; fourth year in high school and in college. So if&nbsp;&nbsp; you are in ninth grade, you are a freshman. If you&nbsp; are in 10th grade, you're a sophomore. Notice that&nbsp;&nbsp; the O in the middle of this word is silent,&nbsp; sophomore. If you're in 11th grade, you are&nbsp;&nbsp; a junior. We could say, "I'm in my junior year.&nbsp; I'm a junior." And if you're in two 12th grade, so&nbsp;&nbsp; the final grade of high school, you are a senior. And this type of system also applies to college.&nbsp;&nbsp; You are a freshman, sophomore, junior, and&nbsp; senior in college, especially when you go to&nbsp;&nbsp; a four year college, these type of terms apply.&nbsp; So it's quite common that when you are a senior,&nbsp;&nbsp; you think you are much better than freshman. "Oh,&nbsp; I was never so small. They're so much like just&nbsp;&nbsp; little children, those freshmen. We are seniors."&nbsp; I think this is pretty common in high school&nbsp;&nbsp; that you see the people who are younger than&nbsp; you as so much younger. "I wasn't like that&nbsp;&nbsp; when I was a freshman." But really, you&nbsp; were. So this type of system is quite&nbsp;&nbsp; common in the US. And now you know about it too. When you arrive in the US, you will probably need&nbsp;&nbsp; to fill out a visa form. And at the bottom of&nbsp; the visa, you need to sign your John Hancock.&nbsp;&nbsp; Is your name John Hancock? Well, if&nbsp; it is, you definitely need to do that.&nbsp;&nbsp; But this term, sign your John Hancock just means&nbsp; your signature. There's a little bit of American&nbsp;&nbsp; history behind this because John Hancock&nbsp; was a guy who signed his name big and large&nbsp;&nbsp; on the Declaration of Independence. So it was&nbsp; kind of a bold statement where these colonists&nbsp;&nbsp; in the United States or in the Americas told&nbsp; England, "We want to have independence." And&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a pretty big statement. Maybe there's some&nbsp; treason involved. So it's kind of scary to say,&nbsp;&nbsp; "I'm someone who supports this." But John Hancock signed his name&nbsp;&nbsp; really large on that document. So it was bold and&nbsp; courageous. It was a big move. So because of this,&nbsp;&nbsp; his name is synonymous now with a signature. Sign&nbsp; your John Hancock, put your John Hancock here. We&nbsp;&nbsp; don't always use this instead of signature, but&nbsp; you will definitely hear this. And it's steeped&nbsp;&nbsp; in American history and now you can use it too. Now we have two fun American idioms. One is if I&nbsp;&nbsp; said to you, "You shouldn't buy a new car. If you&nbsp; buy a used car, you get more bang for your buck."&nbsp;&nbsp; This expression, bang for your buck, kind of&nbsp; includes two American concepts. One is buck,&nbsp;&nbsp; which is slang for dollars. And the other one,&nbsp; bang, doesn't necessarily relate to guns, but&nbsp;&nbsp; I know guns are kind of culturally linked to the&nbsp; US. So we get this idea that you can get a great&nbsp;&nbsp; value for your money if you buy a used car. So&nbsp; you might say, "Yeah, you should get a used car.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's more bang for your buck. Don't get a new&nbsp; car. It's better to get a used car." This is a&nbsp;&nbsp; great expression, more bang for your buck. When I was growing up, before we left for&nbsp;&nbsp; school almost every morning, it was pretty&nbsp; common for my sister and I to fight over&nbsp;&nbsp; who said, "Shotgun," first. Why were we trying&nbsp; to beat each other to say shotgun? What's that&nbsp;&nbsp; mean? Does that mean we want to carry a shotgun?&nbsp; Does that mean we were going hunting or shooting?&nbsp;&nbsp; No. Instead, shotgun is the passenger seat. And&nbsp; for some reason, this is the most desirable seat&nbsp;&nbsp; in the car when you're not the driver. So kids,&nbsp; I guess, not too young, but high schoolers or&nbsp;&nbsp; older kids always want to call shotgun. And&nbsp; we use that expression, "I call shotgun,"&nbsp;&nbsp; or just saying shotgun. And that means that's&nbsp; my seat. I claim it. And this is really common,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially with siblings, even with friends,&nbsp; too, that before you get in the car, if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; not the driver, you'd say, "I call shotgun."&nbsp; Well, maybe now you can call shotgun too.&nbsp; Have you ever eaten the most tasty bonfire treat&nbsp; in the entire world? This is something I look&nbsp;&nbsp; forward to every time we have a bonfire. It is&nbsp; s'mores. S'mores. This is something I didn't&nbsp;&nbsp; realize was very American until I was talking&nbsp; to some international friends. And they said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "What? We just toast marshmallows. What do&nbsp; you put with them?" So let me explain to you&nbsp;&nbsp; a delicacy, something amazing that&nbsp; has a special place in my heart.&nbsp; First, you have a graham cracker. This is a&nbsp; special type of cookie, even though it's called&nbsp;&nbsp; cracker, it's quite sweet. And then we have a&nbsp; piece of chocolate. So we often buy some Hershey's&nbsp;&nbsp; chocolate, break off a piece, put it on the graham&nbsp; cracker. And when you're having a bonfire, you set&nbsp;&nbsp; that close to the fire, not too close, but close&nbsp; enough that the chocolate gets a little soft. And&nbsp;&nbsp; then you take a stick and two marshmallows, you&nbsp; could do one, but two is better, and you toast&nbsp;&nbsp; them over the fire, very carefully to make sure&nbsp; that they don't explode into flames. Some people&nbsp;&nbsp; like that. Personally, I like them to be perfectly&nbsp; toasted and it is an art form. Let me tell you.&nbsp; So you toast them. And then when they're toasted,&nbsp; you put them on the chocolate and you take another&nbsp;&nbsp; piece of a graham cracker and you slide the&nbsp; marshmallows off and there you have the perfect&nbsp;&nbsp; s'more. Toasty, warm, melty, gooey. So perfect.&nbsp; So the next time that you are at a bonfire,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe you can introduce this idea to your&nbsp; friends, or if you're at a bonfire in the US,&nbsp;&nbsp; you will definitely see people eating s'mores.&nbsp; Please try it for my sake. I hope you'll love it.&nbsp; All right. Now it's time for the song&nbsp; you have been waiting for. It is ...&nbsp;&nbsp; Do you know this song? This song is Take Me Out&nbsp; to the Ball Game. And I included this here because&nbsp;&nbsp; there's a funny little story I wanted to share&nbsp; with you. One of my friends, you might follow his&nbsp;&nbsp; YouTube channel. His name's Jack. He has a YouTube&nbsp; channel called To Fluency and he's from the UK,&nbsp;&nbsp; but he's married to an American. And he told me&nbsp; that one time they were playing a game with some&nbsp;&nbsp; Americans. And the game was that you had to hum&nbsp; a song and your partner had to guess what it was.&nbsp; So his wife drew a card and it said, hum&nbsp; Take Me Out to the Ball Game. And she's like,&nbsp;&nbsp; "All right, this is a good song. It's easy. He'll&nbsp; understand it immediately." So she started to hum.&nbsp;&nbsp; And he just looked at her like, "What? I've never&nbsp; heard that in my life." So obviously that was not&nbsp;&nbsp; a good moment in their game for them, maybe a&nbsp; little funny, but because of this, I realized,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Oh, maybe this song isn't quite so well known&nbsp; internationally, but it is a staple of American&nbsp;&nbsp; culture because baseball is extremely common.&nbsp; And this song is sung before every baseball game.&nbsp; So if you've ever been to any kind of big baseball&nbsp; game in the US, you've definitely heard this song.&nbsp;&nbsp; And if you memorize the lyrics, you'll be&nbsp; able to sing along and cheer with everyone.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a great moment to kind of have that group&nbsp; feeling of excitement before a game. So make&nbsp;&nbsp; sure you check out Take Me Out to the Ball Game.&nbsp; You can search on YouTube and see some clips of&nbsp;&nbsp; crowds of people at baseball games, singing&nbsp; this song, quite fun and very American.&nbsp; Take me out to the ballgame. Take me out to the&nbsp; crowd. Buy me some peanuts and cracker jacks.&nbsp;&nbsp; I don’t care if I ever get back&nbsp;&nbsp; for it root, root, root for the home team.&nbsp; If they don’t win it’s a shame. For it’s 1,&nbsp;&nbsp; 2, 3 strikes you’re out at the old ball game! Our final very American thing today also has to do&nbsp;&nbsp; with baseball. What if I said to you, "Your speech&nbsp; was awesome. You knocked it out of the park."&nbsp;&nbsp; Did you give a speech about baseball? Are&nbsp; you playing baseball? No. This just means&nbsp;&nbsp; it was amazing. You did even better than&nbsp; expected. You knocked it out of the park.&nbsp; Here we have the image of someone playing&nbsp; baseball. He's got a baseball bat,&nbsp;&nbsp; someone's pitching him the ball and he hits it.&nbsp; He doesn't just hit it into the outfield. That's&nbsp;&nbsp; where someone can catch it. He hits it beyond the&nbsp; field, out of the park. And this means it's a home&nbsp;&nbsp; run. No one can catch it. And it's great for his&nbsp; team. Everyone can get to home base and they might&nbsp;&nbsp; get a lot of points. So here knocking it out of&nbsp; the park is a great thing in baseball and in life.&nbsp; So if you do something really awesome, better than&nbsp; expected, you can use this expression. "Oh man,&nbsp;&nbsp; I can't believe it. But I talked to someone&nbsp; in English the other, and I think I knocked&nbsp;&nbsp; it out of the park. I explained myself exactly the&nbsp; way I wanted. I did it. And they understood me."&nbsp;&nbsp; Congratulations, you knocked it out of the park. Well, congratulations. Now you are in the loop&nbsp;&nbsp; to all of these American secrets, all of&nbsp; these things that most Americans know. And&nbsp;&nbsp; now you do too. If you are American and you're&nbsp; watching this, let me know in the comments,&nbsp;&nbsp; did you know all these things? I think they're&nbsp; pretty common in American culture, but let me&nbsp;&nbsp; know in the comments. And I would love to see&nbsp; what you have to say. Don't forget to download&nbsp;&nbsp; the free PDF worksheet so that you can learn&nbsp; all of these American concepts. Print it out,&nbsp;&nbsp; put it under your pillow, sleep on it, dream about&nbsp; it. I hope it will help you to expand your English&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge and be more confident as you speak. And now I have a question for you. Have you&nbsp;&nbsp; ever celebrated the fourth? If you&nbsp; live in the US, maybe you've joined a&nbsp;&nbsp; 4th of July celebration, but I want to&nbsp; know. Have you ever celebrated the fourth?&nbsp;&nbsp; Let me know. And I will see you again next Friday&nbsp; for a new lesson here on my YouTube channel. Bye.&nbsp; The next step is to download the&nbsp; free PDF worksheet for this lesson.&nbsp;&nbsp; With this free PDF, you will master today's&nbsp; lesson and never forget what you have learned.&nbsp;&nbsp; You can be a confident English speaker. Don't&nbsp; forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel&nbsp;&nbsp; for a free English lesson every Friday. Bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SpeakEnglishWithVanessa [111 likes]: What would you like me to make a lesson about? Let me know in the comments! 😊DON'T FORGET what you have learned in this lesson: download the free PDF worksheet here 👉  https://speakenglishwithvanessa.ck.page/a24b974f4b
  2. @danielemery5420 [5 likes]: 7th inning of the ballgame, Vanessa, for "Take Me Out to the Ballgame."  It's sung during the 7th inning stretch, middle of the 7th.
  3. @camboda-vi6zh [1 likes]: Hello madam ❤❤
  4. @James-o5uso: Are United States of America we can say beers or alcohol or fruit beer
  5. @oussamagoat13: الثقافة الأمريكية هي الافضل أنا جزائري واتعلم منهم ❤❤
  6. @magsadn: 🫶
  7. @realitygamingtricks7488: The way of your teaching is really sweet ❤
  8. @мариналебедева-м1б: american  what? Culture? america's only "culture" is to get the fattest burger possible! Aggressors and monsters that have been firing conflicts all over the world! How many countries have you bombed? Shameless!
  9. @penhollowstudiolabs: What is culture? We should start there.
  10. @LuntraX-f5o: No
  11. @ErinEspada: I’m watching this as a native English out of curiosity. You’re good at explaining these norms!
  12. @HiddenKnowledgeandPower: This is great ....
  13. @Bea3-n4z: For me I really appreciate these videos I am adopted and dont know much about my past, kids grew up saying stuff about there culture and there family’s culture and me not having a biological family I grew up feeling lost and didn’t have much identity but one thing I did know was i am American but America didn’t really have a culture like china, or Russia dose. These videos really have helped me on my journey as a teenager searching for a solid foundation of who I am where I came from!
  14. @DaveGarrison79: Drinking a bud by the river listening to. Aerosmith
  15. @yrrechamelle: It's amazing to learn things/concepts from America ❤️. Pls do more ☺️
  16. @JacksonMusk-p1p: 👍
  17. @nevinbrockett1858: calling shotgun comes from the days when people traveled by stagecoach, a person would sit next to the driver with a shotgun (usually a short double barreled shotgun called a coach gun) to fight off bandits.
  18. @nevinbrockett1858: no one says "sign your john hancock," they just say "i need your john hancock"
  19. @battlebuddy02: Or like Dave Chappell says “I plead the fizith”
  20. @battlebuddy02: I think it’s wild how many YouTube creators that have huge channels that I’ve never heard of and I’m terminally on YouTube she has nearly 10 million subscribers and have literally never heard of her

- The 4 Stages of Adaptation [Culture Shock]: Kind: captions Language: en When we study in another country or move&nbsp; into a new town, we are often exposed to&nbsp;&nbsp; a culture different from ours and need&nbsp; to go through four stages of transition: Honeymoon, frustration,&nbsp; adjustment, and adaptation. During stage two, some experience a real&nbsp; culture shock, severe forms of which can&nbsp;&nbsp; lead to reactions that may need medical&nbsp; attention. But before we come to that,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s first look at what happens typically. In stage 1 — honeymoon — everything is beautiful.&nbsp; The people are friendly, the culture rich, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; way of local life fascinating. We are optimistic&nbsp; and excited about all the differences. In stage 2 we feel frustration. Reality&nbsp; sets in. We have come to understand that&nbsp;&nbsp; there are plenty of barriers to connecting&nbsp; with people and have difficulty with the&nbsp;&nbsp; social norms. We start to reject local&nbsp; traditions and begin to feel homesick. The stage of adjustment is&nbsp; characterized by a growing&nbsp;&nbsp; familiarity with our new way of life.&nbsp; We begin to understand the new customs,&nbsp;&nbsp; acquire language skills, and make local&nbsp; friends. We start to feel more comfortable. Last is adaptation. During this stage, we&nbsp; gain a sense of belonging and are able to&nbsp;&nbsp; fully participate in the new culture, even while&nbsp; maintaining our own native identity. Known as the&nbsp;&nbsp; stage of mastery, we now start to feel at home.&nbsp; However, not everyone arrives at this point. Some people are excited about&nbsp; the foreign culture for months,&nbsp;&nbsp; and others start to get frustrated&nbsp; on day one. And then there are those&nbsp;&nbsp; who experience a culture shock that is so&nbsp; strong that they leave before adjusting. The Paris Syndrome is the most extreme form&nbsp; of culture shock. It typically strikes some&nbsp;&nbsp; Japanese tourists who come to the&nbsp; French capital full of excitement&nbsp;&nbsp; and romantic expectations but are then&nbsp; confronted with filth and arrogance. The 20 or so travelers that are&nbsp; reported to be hit each year,&nbsp;&nbsp; experience a wide range of psychiatric and&nbsp; psychosomatic symptoms, including anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; hallucinations, and vomiting. And so they&nbsp; leave deeply distressed before they adjust. Those who have adapted to a new society, may&nbsp; face a surprise when they eventually return&nbsp;&nbsp; home. After another honeymoon, they&nbsp; often enter a reverse culture shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; realizing how much they have been estranged from&nbsp; their old way of life. But it can get worse. The ones who are pushed into a new culture&nbsp; without being asked, often skip honeymoon&nbsp;&nbsp; altogether and enter straight into the stage of&nbsp; frustration. If that happens without the right&nbsp;&nbsp; support, they never really settle in, can’t&nbsp; adjust, and remain frustrated indefinitely. Studies show that toddlers who are sent for&nbsp; their first days at preschool without anyone&nbsp;&nbsp; to accompany them, experience so much anxiety&nbsp; that they can’t bond with their teachers. As a result they remain freighted to&nbsp; go and clock significantly more sick&nbsp;&nbsp; days for their entire preschool&nbsp; years. This is why good schools&nbsp;&nbsp; often demand that parents stay with their&nbsp; children until they can fully settle in. The original research on culture shock&nbsp; was conducted by Sverre Lysgaard in the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1950s after the sociologist had talked&nbsp; to many Norwegians who had spent time in&nbsp;&nbsp; the United States — mostly for academic reasons.&nbsp; Analyzing his interviews, he saw a clear pattern. The culture shock curve with happiness on one&nbsp; axis, and months in a foreign country on another;&nbsp;&nbsp; shows that, on average, the honeymoon period&nbsp; lasts for around 2 months. Then there are&nbsp;&nbsp; about 6 months of frustration before adjustment&nbsp; happens. Adaptation starts after close to a year. What about you? Did you ever travel abroad or move&nbsp; to another country where you experienced the 4&nbsp;&nbsp; stages? Share your thoughts about the theory and&nbsp; your personal experiences in the comments below! If you like this video and want us to make more,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to our channel&nbsp; and support us on Patreon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BraidenCarlstrom [1 likes]: This video is awesome!! As a person who has lived in this culture shock development for years in Madagascar, it has been so cool to see the feelings illustrated in this video. I am thankful to say that, living in a third-world country, originally from America, I have been able to see all four stages incredibly well, including friends of mine living here who got to the frustration phase and left immediately.
  2. @patricia5570 [1 likes]: Our identity 😂😂😂
  3. @ladymecha8718 [1 likes]: A Canadian here, and living in USA for 18 months was a culture shock experience.  The honeymoons was, oh Americans are so similar to Canadians.  Then was frustration on how things were different, like no vinegar for fries.  Acceptance was enjoying the choices of barbecue and hot sauces for fries.  Adaption was marrying an American. 😂
  4. @Losttribeswoman: This study is treating every country as if it were the same in terms of one's possible ease of adjustment and adaption. Some cultures are low context and open to difference, whereas others can be very exclusive and strictly adhere to in-group and out-group identification. A country like this socializes its citizens to see difference as a threat. I live in a country where other foreigners I've met say that in twenty years, they've never been able to make a local friend. Others say that even when their children are born and raised in the country, they are never seen as part of the country. Such insular and xenophobic environments can prolong the frustration phase indefinitely.
  5. @cheesy_ground_beef: I moved to Japan a little less than a uear ago. I never had a honeymoon phase; I've stayed in frustration/absolute terror from day 1 🤪
  6. @mahgolbahrami2307: That was incredibly helpful😱🤌🏻 Thank you🎉❤
  7. @skinni153: moved from italy to romania and i'm honestly tired right now, i already knew the romanian culture cause i left romania at 4 and went in italy.  i really miss italy but i can't go back
  8. @boobee-7: Wow 
Such a useless video
A waste of time
  9. @Npan-e9u: My honeymoon phase wears down very quick. I dont adapt well i guess.
  10. @supergamer-tr1uf: I experienced all this stage when i moved to American. The first stage after i moved America when i was 12 years old (aka 8 years ago). At first, i was excited, and i was living the honeymoon phase in one year, but as a year goes by, i start to get used to it, and it stop feelings fun but it more like living every day life.
  11. @RuodeYin: Just came to live abroad, the language is not good, now study hard, is overcoming difficulties.
  12. @gmin3989: It’s very sad the adaptation:(
  13. @SHAHWANI1: ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  14. @Tantine_corrine: Y a pas un raclos qui peux me faire un résumé
  15. @vincewhite5087: Should see how much America make many sick.
  16. @samMVcoach: Many times, it's the same in marriage; that's where the concept of the first year of marriage comes from.
  17. @lazyscorpion3889: This was my 10 years in Asia. I almost went to a mental facility😅 never again. I reached the 4th stage in Korea but I must say I was suicidal and depressed. I couldn't wait to see another peaceful culture.
My adaptation in middle east never occured and in Korea it came after 5years. Honeymoon was a good 1year 😊
  18. @SatchPatch25: I'm a Floridan born and raised Puerto Rican and moved to Puerto Rico 3 months before Hurricane Maria. I think in my particular case I was forced into adaptation before frustration set in. I'm not saying there weren't times where I felt hopeless because there definitely were but I couldn't let it get to me. We had to survive and follow daily routines in order to do so. We had no electricity for 5-6 months. I had my 2 year old daughter and 9 year old sister I had to care for and moving back was not an option. After we got our electricity and a few months passed is when I think frustration set in for me. Now that things were supposed to be "normal" I expected everything to go a certain way and it didn't. It led to a lot of depression. Especially with everything that we had already went through. I got through it though and I'm still here!
  19. @pumpkingamebox: I think I’ve experienced remote culture shock with Japan. Anime fan as the honeymoon period, the frustration when I took Japanese culture classes and started learning about everything that is wrong with their society. Baby, they’re in just as much shit as we are, except theirs is wasabi/durian flavored. And that was my conclusion 7 years ago! Now, I don’t want to even think about it. The falling yen particularly causing the entire stock market to crash. Sheesh. 

But after taking some Japanese classes and visiting Japan for a couple of weeks. I’m weighing which problems I’d rather have; my countries, or Japans (plus those caused by immigration of course.)
  20. @CleoPhoenixRT: I moved from Birmingham, Alabama, a massive city with a large black population to Rural Alaska (for my husband) and wondered if there was a name to describe how i felt. I  noticed when I'm out in the forests alone, I felt in my element, but when I'm around other people I feel...almost angry. Out of place. Anxious. Head on a swivel. I went through 3 counselors because they couldn't pinpoint the issue but this is it! I can form a plan now, thank you.

- Culture Shock and The Cultural Adaptation Cycle [What It Is and What to Do About It]: Kind: captions Language: en-AU The Global Society Narrator: We are all familiar with our hometown, home uni, home culture and values. We go through day to day life easily because we are fluent in our culture's social cues, such as when to hold the door or to offer a cup of tea to a friend. When we immerse ourselves in a new culture, we have to learn many things. How to get around, what to eat, how to speak and how to act appropriately. At the Global Society, we call the process of learning these things the Cultural Adaptation Cycle. This is Norbert. He's travelled abroad for uni, and he's about to demonstrate the different stages of cultural adaptation. Upon arriving in a new environment, we often feel excited or optimistic. We're intrigued by new sights, sounds and smells. This is the honeymoon phase. We see the differences between our host culture and our home culture and we tend to focus on the positive aspects of the new environment. At some point after entering a new environment or of the new culture, wear away. Differences that once seemed quaint may now appear more like hurdles or annoyances. Small challenges become devastations. We may begin to resent our host culture and attribute negative feelings towards our overseas experience. We call this the slump phase, or more commonly known as culture shock. The slump can happen at different times and in different ways for each of us, and its symptoms can affect us physically and mentally. Common symptoms include recurrent illness and changes in your eating habits and sleeping habits, homesickness and persistent negativity towards the host culture, bouts of frustration and irritability and feelings of sadness and depression, self doubt and withdrawing from friends and other people and activities While the slump may affect us differently, it's important to remember that we all feel culture shock in some way. Our feelings of struggles are normal and likely being experienced by others too. We should be patient and give ourselves time to work through the slump. Some tips that will assist us in overcoming this challenging phase include Recognise that this unpleasant stage of cultural adaptation is only temporary. Get out into the host culture, visit and explore your new surroundings, and join in on activities and organisations that the host uni provides. Take time to reflect, and put your feelings and observations down in a journal. You can talk to someone about your experiences, and don't be afraid to laugh at your mistakes. Having a routine that includes eating well, exercising and getting enough sleep is helpful too. And if you're in a second language environment, work on those language skills. With time and patience, we begin to realise the positive outcomes of cultural adaptation. We begin to recover from culture shock and acclimatise to the host culture. We develop an understanding for not only how things are done, but why. This is the realisation phase. Through this, we accept differences more willingly. We navigate the world around us more easily, and we are more confident. Eventually, our new home will no longer be new, and instead feels like a second home. We will have regained emotional stability and are able to live and study to our full potential. We will have built meaningful connections with our second home. We recognize that we've changed as a result of our experiences and begin to meld this with our identity. This is the adaptation phase. The most reaching adaptation is not the end of the cultural adaptation cycle. We may encounter relapses of culture shock and enter into feelings of frustration or sadness once again. However, having recognised and coped with culture shock once before, we can move forward more confidently using successful strategies. Likely, we will continue to achieve successes and milestones. We'll also develop a deeper understanding of our second home. Then we'll return home. When returning from our overseas experience, we'll be reminded once again that our perception of the world and our home has changed, that we have changed. Re learning the routines of our home or uni may be frustrating at first. We may struggle to find ways to include our new perspectives in our day to day life. However, never doubt. As we've already learnt, these feelings are normal and common. We simply need to adapt.

  Top Comments:
  1. @javirosa [14 likes]: Thank you for this video I’m going through hard times in London with depression, this video made me feel I’m not alone
  2. @greatness79ajj [11 likes]: This was great! I'm currently living abroad with my children. I think this will help them calm down and understand better what they're feeling😊 (me too)
  3. @levelup1095 [6 likes]: Amazing video! I felt so much reverse culture shock when I returned home.
  4. @timster3209 [4 likes]: can i use this for my university presentation?
  5. @brenerjohannojedagonzalez9021 [3 likes]: Always fever and headache after watching lots of culture experience haha
  6. @ThandolwamiOwethuGule [2 likes]: So motivational 🎉🎉🎉🎉
  7. @tttrev2 [2 likes]: i’m watching this cause i’m moving from eastern kentucky to stock island in florida 😂
  8. @interculturalcat [2 likes]: What have been a better video with better audio and unfortunately you just talked about the 4 stages of cultural adaption by Oberg, instead of really talking about a cycle theory like from kim. The animation was very good.
  9. @Sanjuගේyoutubeඩයරිය [1 likes]: Omg thanks. Im in my hardest situation now..i missing my loved ones 😢 omg
  10. @leahbuan8088 [1 likes]: This video effectively demonstrates the cultural adaptation process, providing relatable insights and practical advice for dealing with culture shock. I value the emphasis on patience, self-reflection, and seeing mistakes as chances for personal growth. It is a comforting reminder that adapting is a journey, resulting in increased confidence and a stronger bond with a new environment. Amazing video😊
  11. @ipro23 [1 likes]: You + host culture= love 
1) Honeymoon 

You + host culture= it's complicated 
2) the slump ... Cultural shocks 

During the slump
You + host culture= in a rough patch 

You + host culture= let's work it out 

3) realisation phase 

You + host culture= commited 

4) adaptation phase 

Continue adventure 

You + host culture= some ups and downs 


Retuned home 

You + returned home = all the feels
  12. @akidas7222 [1 likes]: La traduction est faite trop vite 😩😩 j'arrive même pas à retenir
  13. @sabaryana4882 [1 likes]: Where the speaker from???
I mean, she from british??or america or other country?
  14. @Lua.naVieira [1 likes]: nice video!
  15. @JoaoPedroIngles: ahaha thx nice and simple vid.
  16. @lanarice6423: Why are the auto generated captions incorrect? I am trying to show this to students and the subtitles are coming up incorrect. Please help.
  17. @KT1925T: Its hard to understand her. What freakin language is she trying to speak. God Damn. Worthless vid.

- Why Adapting to a New Culture Is Harder Than You Think: Kind: captions Language: en You know, in our totally connected world, moving to a new country feels more common than ever. But have you ever really stopped to think about what that journey actually involves? It's so much more than just packing a bag and hopping on a plane. It's this huge psychological and social shift. So today, we're going to dive deep and break down that entire journey from the moment someone decides to leave to the really complex process of trying to find your place in a whole new world. And just to give you a sense of the sheer scale we're talking about, look at this number. Back in 2012, there were already 232 million international migrants. That was over 3% of the entire world's population. And you can bet that number has only gone up since then. So, this isn't some small niche topic. It's a huge force that's shaping our modern world, which makes understanding this journey more important than ever. All right. To get our heads around this, we've broken the whole journey down into five key parts. We're going to start with the big picture. Why do people move in the first place? Then we'll get into the nitty-gritty of culture shock. After that, we'll look at the different ways people adapt, the social hurdles they often face, and finally we'll talk about the real strategies for thriving in a new culture. Okay, so first things first, migration in a global era. To really get a handle on the journey, we have to start at the very beginning. What makes people move? So what kicks off this massive movement of people? Well, it often boils down to two simple forces. what we call push factors and pull factors. Push factors are all the negative things that will push someone out of their home country. Things like a bad economy, political instability, or even natural disasters. And then you have the pole factors. These are like magnets drawing people to a new place. The promise of a good job, better schools, or just a safer life. And all of this movement creates something we call a diaspora. I love this word. It actually comes from the Greek for to sew seeds, which is just a perfect image, right? It's this idea of communities being spread all across the globe, far from their original home, but still holding on to these really powerful connections to their roots and to each other. It's like a global network built on shared culture. All right, so a person makes the move, they arrive. What's that very first encounter like? Now, we're zooming in from the big global reasons for moving to the intense personal experience of arrival. And this is where you run smack into culture shock. And look, culture shock is way more than just missing your favorite foods. I want you to imagine that every single social rule you take for granted just disappears. How you say hello, how you order a coffee, what's considered polite or funny, it's all brand new. That constant feeling of being offbalance, the confusion and anxiety, that's the heart of culture shock. This emotional roller coaster is so common that researchers have actually mapped it out. They call it the U curve. It starts with the honeymoon phase. Everything is new. It's exciting. It's fascinating. But then comes the dip. That's disintegration. The little frustrations start to build up. But hang in there because then you start to climb back up during reorientation where you're figuring things out, learning the ropes, and finally you hit adaptation where you actually start to feel comfortable, maybe even at home. But here's a twist that catches almost everyone by surprise. Culture shock can hit you even harder when you go back home. It's called reverse culture shock. You land and you expect everything to be just as you left it. But it's not. And even more importantly, you've changed. That disconnect between what you expect and the reality can be way more jarring than the first move ever was. So once that initial shock starts to fade, what happens next? This is where we get into our third section, the long-term game of figuring out your place in a new society. It's a process called accultteration. Acculturation is all about that long-term adjustment. It's this constant balancing act really. On one hand, you have this need to fit in and connect with the new society around you. But on the other hand, there's this really powerful desire to hold on to your own culture, your own identity. So, how do people actually navigate that balancing act? Well, a sociologist named John Barry came up with a great model. He said, "It all comes down to how you answer two huge questions. First, is it important for me to hold on to my own heritage, my original culture? And second, is it important for me to build relationships and get involved with the new host society?" And depending on your answers, you end up on one of four different paths. If you answer yes to both, you want to keep your culture and engage with the new one, that's integration. If you say no to your heritage but yes to the new society, that's assimilation. If you hold tight to your own culture and keep your distance from the new one, that's called separation. And finally, if you feel disconnected from both your old culture and the new one, that's marginalization. Now, it's so easy to think that this is all on the immigrant, that it's all up to them to adapt. But that's only half the story. The attitude of the host society plays a massive role, which brings us to the psychology of us versus them. And this is absolutely critical to understand. An immigrant can want to integrate with all their heart, but if the host society isn't welcoming, it's just not going to happen. A culture that's open can pave the way for integration, but a culture that's resistant can put up walls, and that can push people into separation or even marginalization, no matter what they want. So, why does that resistance even happen? Well, a really useful way to think about this is something called integrated threat theory. The core idea is that prejudice often comes from a feeling, a perception that the out groupoup, in this case immigrants, poses some kind of threat to the in-roup, which is the host society. The theory breaks this perceived threat down into four main types. First, you've got realistic threats. This is about tangible stuff like the fear that immigrants are going to take our jobs. Then there are symbolic threats. This is more about culture, the worry that our values or our way of life is going to change. Then of course there's the threat from negative stereotypes, just classic prejudice. And finally, there's intergroup anxiety, which is really just that awkward personal fear of saying or doing the wrong thing when you're talking to someone from a different background. Okay, so we've seen all these challenges, both personal and social. So what's the way forward? How do we make this work? That brings us to our last section, the practical strategies that can help people and societies adapt successfully. The ultimate goal here for anyone living in a new culture is what we call cross-cultural adaptation. It's all about becoming more fit for that new environment. It's not just about surviving. It's about actually thriving. So, what does it take to thrive? Well, research points to four big keys. First, learn the culture. Be curious. Be a student of your new home. Second, master the skills. You got to know how to handle the day-to-day stuff like banking or public transit. Third, and this one is so important, build friendships. Real, genuine relationships across cultures are the single fastest way to bridge those gaps. And finally, accept the differences. You have to learn to be flexible and open-minded instead of fighting against everything that feels unfamiliar. So, what's the big takeaway here? I think it's that the migrants journey is a two-way street. It's this really complex dance between one person's effort to adjust and an entire society's willingness to adjust with them. And when we understand these models and these pressures, we can see past the simple headlines and start to appreciate the deeply human story at the heart of it all. And this whole discussion leads us to one of the most fundamental questions of our time. How do we build societies that are both diverse and unified? To what extent should we encourage migrants to maintain their heritage? And how does a country balance that with creating a shared common identity? There really is no easy answer. What do you think?

- Adapting to New Cultures Abroad: A Guide for South Asian Expatriates: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to job Gateway where we navigate the&nbsp; challenges and opportunities of Global Employment&nbsp;&nbsp; today we're dedicating time to a crucial aspect&nbsp; of working abroad understanding and adapting to&nbsp;&nbsp; the culture of your new country this guide&nbsp; is particularly tailored for our viewers&nbsp;&nbsp; from India Pakistan and Bangladesh embarking&nbsp; on Journeys to unfamiliar lands moving to a&nbsp;&nbsp; new country for work is an adventure that goes&nbsp; beyond professional growth it involves immersing&nbsp;&nbsp; yourself in a new culture which can be both&nbsp; exciting and challenging let's explore how&nbsp;&nbsp; you can research and fit into the culture of your&nbsp; new country with specific examples and strategies&nbsp;&nbsp; understanding the cultural landscape of your&nbsp; destination is the first step for instance if&nbsp;&nbsp; you're moving from India to Germany you'll&nbsp; find that punctuality is highly valued in&nbsp;&nbsp; German culture a contrast to the more flexible&nbsp; approach to time often experienced in India The&nbsp;&nbsp; gethy Institute provides res resources on German&nbsp; cultural norms which can be a valuable starting&nbsp;&nbsp; point language is often the key to cultural&nbsp; integration if you're relocating from Pakistan&nbsp;&nbsp; to France learning French will not only ease&nbsp; your daily interactions but also show respect&nbsp;&nbsp; for the local culture Alliance Franz offers&nbsp; language courses and cultural training which can&nbsp;&nbsp; be incredibly beneficial understanding workplace&nbsp; etiquette is crucial for someone from Bangladesh&nbsp;&nbsp; moving to Japan it's important to be aware of the&nbsp; Japanese emphasis on Harmony and respect simple&nbsp;&nbsp; gestures like bowing and exchanging business&nbsp; cards with both hands can make a significant&nbsp;&nbsp; difference the Japan external Trade Organization&nbsp; offers insights into Japanese business etiquette&nbsp;&nbsp; food is a central part of cultural adaptation&nbsp; adapting to a new Cuisine can be challenging&nbsp;&nbsp; but also an opportunity to connect with locals&nbsp; for instance if you're from India and moving to&nbsp;&nbsp; Italy embracing Italian Cuisine and even learning&nbsp; to cook a few Italian dishes can be a great way&nbsp;&nbsp; to bond with your Italian colleagues and neighbors&nbsp; social norms and values can vary greatly if you're&nbsp;&nbsp; from Pakistan and relocating to the United&nbsp; States you'll find that American culture is&nbsp;&nbsp; generally more individualistic compared to the&nbsp; collectivist culture back home understanding&nbsp;&nbsp; these differences can help in adjusting your&nbsp; social interactions resources like the American&nbsp;&nbsp; Cultural Association provide useful information on&nbsp; American social norms dealing with cultural shock&nbsp;&nbsp; is a part of the process it's normal to feel&nbsp; a sense of disorientation when first moving to&nbsp;&nbsp; a new country engaging with the local community&nbsp; joining cultural groups or connecting with fellow&nbsp;&nbsp; expatriates from your home country can provide a&nbsp; support network websites like internations offer&nbsp;&nbsp; platforms to connect with expatriate communities&nbsp; remember adapting to a new culture takes time&nbsp;&nbsp; and patience it's it's a journey of learning and&nbsp; personal growth embracing the new culture while&nbsp;&nbsp; retaining your cultural identity is a balancing&nbsp; act that enriches your International experience&nbsp;&nbsp; as we conclude I hope this guide has provided&nbsp; you with practical insights into researching&nbsp;&nbsp; and fitting into the culture of a new country&nbsp; whether you're from India Pakistan or Bangladesh&nbsp;&nbsp; embarking on this journey is a step towards&nbsp; a world of new experiences and opportunities&nbsp;&nbsp; thank you for joining us on job gate way we're&nbsp; here to support your Global career aspirations&nbsp;&nbsp; don't forget to like share and subscribe for more&nbsp; content on navigating the International Job Market

  Top Comments:
  1. @mariyabegam1503 [1 likes]: Great video
  2. @JobGateway-ws5im: Watch More of My Videos And Don't forget to "Like & Subscribe" & Also please click on the 🔔 Bell Icon, so you never miss any updates! 💟 ⬇ 🔹🔹🔹

Please Subscribe to My Channel:  www.youtube.com/@JobGateway-ws5im

- Moving to a New City (How to Succeed): Kind: captions Language: en So if you think you're just going to like, hey, everybody, I'm here and just show up and think that now all of a sudden, oh, come to my house for dinner and oh, let's do coffee and let's do that. Ain't going to happen. What is up, everybody? Dan Martell here, serial entrepreneur, investor and creator of SaaS Academy. And in this video, I've got something I have to share which is supporting those that have a seed of desire to make them move to move to another city. Maybe you're you're in your hometown where you grew up and you just feel like you're made for something more. But there's just this fear of moving some other place. Okay, maybe it's that, you know, the thing that you want to do, the the empire you want to build is going to be way easier to build in a different city or a location that is the person I'm talking to. I want to encourage you to make bold moves. I believe the world rewards courageous decisions, and I'm going to make an argument on why you should take the risk, make the leap, and make the decision to make the move physically with yourself and go to that other city. Okay, I've done this three times in my life. When I was 21, I decided to move out west and everything went south. As soon as I got in my car and I started driving, it was literally a four day road trip and halfway through 911 happened and every opportunity on the other side ended up going away. That being said, I just recently talked to my dad and my brother's about this. If you look at the trajectory of my life, had I not gone out west, there's a small chance, very small probability that I would be an entrepreneur today. It's crazy. I knew I grew up with entrepreneurial traits and I started companies, but there were failures and failures and failures. It was just the sequence of opportunities that if it didn't happen in that way, I don't think I would have started Sphere Technologies. That was finally the company that had success that gave me the confidence to decide to think bigger. And then when I was 28, I decided to move to San Francisco from Canada. And again, I didn't know anybody. I didn't have one friend. No, no college, no, no associates, nothing. I just decided if I didn't move, I wouldn't know. Could I play the game among the brightest in the world? Could I swim among the facets? I just wanted to see what this crazy place was about because I kept reading about it. I visited a couple of time, but I wanted to be in it. And that decision to move there, like it was transformational. It allowed me to think bigger. I ended up starting to venture back companies within a seven year period and exiting both of those. That is crazy because I had given myself the goal to do one of those in a decade, and I share that to inspire you, because I think that we we make up things in our minds about how bad they're going to be when honestly, the upside of putting yourself outside your comfort zone and pushing yourself to become somebody who can deal with a higher level of challenges is what life is all about. And then more recently, moving to Cologne, to British Columbia. Okay, I had my life set up. I had all the fun toys I had, the life I had, the support infrastructure. I had an incredible group of friends and my friends I was trading for Iron Man with. I had my business friends. It was literally an incredible easy, but fun building an empire on the East Coast, Canada. And I just decided that there was more that I wanted to be around people that that were. It's not that I didn't have friends that thought big back east. It's just the the quantity that I found in Cologne. I blew my mind the quality of life, everything I love to do from snowboarding to wake surfing to mountain biking to triathlons. Literally ten out of ten level exists in the city, but it was a big decision. It required me to re restructure all my corporations. It required me to to figure out how we transition our kids. ET cetera. Like it wasn't easy. And so many people reach out to me after I announced that decision and just thank me for sharing that story, because a lot of folks, maybe you can resonate with this have have had it on their heart. Right. And Kogan was a really great forcing function to get people to move outside of their, you know, their their comfort zone. But there's still folks that are thinking of doing this that want to do this. And I want to I want to share a few things, because what what's really important to understand is that not only will you grow just by making the decision to move and going through all those challenges, but if you do it right, and that's what this is about, if you do this right, it could transform your life in so many incredible ways, just by the people side of things, the community side of things. Just recently I had my my top coaching clients in town. I wanted to host them in my home city, introduce them to my friends, go to the wineries, go to the brewery districts, go to the site tours, do the activities, mountain biking literally show them what my life was and several of them came up to me and said, I need this in my hometown. How did you do this? And I shared them the framework. And there was like, Oh, wow, I never thought of it that way. And I thought, I have to share this with all of you. I've got to not only encourage you to take the big leap. I need to tell you, once you make the leap and you're there, this is what you need to do. So a few beliefs, a few mindset beliefs, they're going to help you get over it. Number one is the people that you want to connect with. They're going to be hard to find. They're busy. They've got companies to run. They've already got lives. They've got a network, they've got friendships. And for you to come in as a nobody to try to insert yourself is going to be tough. And I want you to know that I remember when I moved to San Francisco, I literally called, emailed 100 people, and I offered value and I followed up and it was through those little bitty cold emails that I eventually got some responses, and it was doing the work and those people ended up becoming my fans or fans is weird where they essentially became my allies to introduce me to other people. They leverage their personal credibility to introduce me to folks that really transform my lives, investors, and invested in my company friends. It became, you know, referrals for team members that I've hired, you know, literally the people that I built my life with. And, you know, this is what's going to be required. When I moved to San Francisco, I did the same thing. I literally had my assistant pull the list of all the private planes that land in the airport. We bought the list so I could build the list of all the names of the people that have private jets in the city. And then I cross-referenced that with all the people on that list that also sit on nonprofit boards. Case I had a values filter and I had a wealth filter because you'd be surprised nobody's got this. I remember asking all these private wealth management people like, Who's got the list? Who's got the list? And then you'd Google like wealthiest people that live in the city. And I was a fraction of the names that I knew of the people existed. It was going to be hard. It took months to reach out, but it requires that. So if you think you're just going to have like, Hey, everybody, I'm here, just show up and think that now and let's do that. Ain't going to happen. And the second thing that I think that's important, I understand, is you're only going to get out what you put in. And I think a lot of folks in their hometowns where they're at now, they're kind of a passive buyers. They're especially if you've been doing this for a while, you get invites. You go to them like you're literally a passive bystander to the network that you've built. You stopped investing in it. It's not a priority for you. You don't even reply to some of the emails. You'd rather stay at the office than go to a networking event. There's there's, you know, an entrepreneurial mountain biking group. There's an entrepreneurial workout class, CrossFit. You know, there are so many things that I remember organizing, organizing these in my hometown. And I'd say 80% of the people then reply or punted, Let me check. I'll get back to you. Don't get back to you. And what I've realized that if you want to make the big move and I would encourage you to physically do that, go to, you know, if you're the smartest person on the street, find a better street. Trust me, I don't know if you guys follow me on Instagram, but I post my views is a pretty freakin awesome street. Okay. My neighbors are incredible human beings that I'm grateful to be able to interact with on a daily basis just through proximity of being where I live now, and I want that for all of you. But here's the reality. If I get the invite to go over for a drink, I have to say yes. If I if I don't do the work to reach out to these people, they're not going to be part of my life. If I don't ask myself, how do I create more value for them than anybody else, then I'm not going to get the opportunity. And what's crazy is that even sometimes it might be a person that you don't think is that, you know, whatever you want to call it, you judge them. They're not that fancy, they're not that successful. But that person has very deep, long term relationships with folks that you might want to connect with. And I'm just a big fan of treating everybody like everybody's got something to give. Be curious, like that idea of asking questions, being curious about other people's lives, genuinely digging to find the thing that they're passionate about, you know, the area that they just can't stop talking about. I don't know if it's their kids, their sports. They're they're their hobbies, their business. But once you find that vein and you double click on it and you get the opportunity to listen to them around all their stories and what they've tried and just I love it. You know, I took my clients on a winery tour. I don't drink caviar, drank in a decade. But I am so fascinated about what winery one of my clients goes. Dan, it's so crazy. You're your member here. This is a private winery and you pay to be a member, but you don't even drink wine. And I go, But look at this place. Isn't it cool? Isn't it awesome? Like hearing the story of you know, Anthony Van Mendel? Like he's he's the founder of this company, one of the richest people in Canada. And he built this incredible place called Martin's Lane. And we get to go and tour it. We get to we get to experience the art and understand the vision and mission and and the craft behind how they do this. But I'm going to tell you, if you don't put yourself out there, if you don't put in the energy, if you don't create a dinner, a hike and invite people to it, you're not going to create an incredible community. And the third thing I want to share with you is the power of the integrated life, this mindset that the two things are separate. The work life is separate from the from the life. Life. It is crazy. Put it together. Like I literally sit on the board of close to $1,000,000,000 company and every Tuesday I mountain bike with the CEO in the president. I coach several companies, several founders in this city. And every Friday we go wake surfing with the same people. There's no separation. I organize events at my house and I invite the community into it. I go and I speak at a high school and I bring my kids to come see it. We get involved in the local community, our church, the nonprofits in the community, and I bring my entrepreneurial friends to support the organization. I don't know where there is this belief that, hey, work life and business life, but I'm telling you, if you get to a place where you're living in a community of like minded individuals that want to do life to the force, as my Brad says, live life to the fullest and and want to integrate that life. You will have a quality of life that you can't even imagine because it's going to be so effortless. There's not going to be any. It's going to feel hard. It's like, hey, we're going to wake surfing. And then at 9:00, we all go to the office and get some work done. And we do founders lunches and we do a hike on Tuesdays. And there's all these different things that you can do. But here's what I realize is I want to leave you with this quote is You are only willing to suffer the cost of your dreams when you understand the value of your dreams can't you won't be willing to suffer the cost of creating, of building, of going after your dreams that you've set for yourself if you don't connect the value of that dream. And, you know, one of my favorite things that people say is, you know, not favorite things. I just don't agree with it, which is, you know, money doesn't buy happiness. And I always say, well, you haven't given enough away. It's that truth. It's not about money. You haven't given enough away. You know, money is a tool. Money is like a fork. It's a tool. You can use it to eat and you can use it to hurt somebody. But it's it's a tool. And if you think it's not about the money, then I don't know what world you live in, but there's just so much opportunity, right? So I want you to get around people that are going to shift your mindset, shift your perspective, you know, instead of just consuming the content from a podcast, from a YouTube, from wherever I want you to get with those people physically, proximity is power, get around them, make the big move, bet on yourself, trust yourself, do the work. And I'm telling you, your life will look dramatically different. So with that, as per usual, I challenge you to live a bigger life and a bigger business. And I'll see you next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tobymax10 [12 likes]: Just got a job about 500 miles away from home. Ngl I’m terrified, I’ll be leaving my friends family and girlfriend. But I need to start my career somewhere and this place is good and offered me a job after half a year of applying
  2. @danmartell [5 likes]: Moving out of my home town was the best decision I ever made…

…I’ve moved a couple of times, and yes, it is scary everytime.

But overtime, I’ve realised there are a couple of things you can do to make sure you thrive wherever you go.

Today I want to share the three things that helped me play a bigger game in a new city.

Check it out!
  3. @901KJ [2 likes]: Relocating to Austin TX in a few months. I definitely needed this video
  4. @afilmbydeshawnnewby [2 likes]: My new life starts in a different city in less than 3 months
  5. @user-fb4sb1zi8g [2 likes]: This was for me! 🙏
  6. @opairevolutionandyber181 [2 likes]: great insight!
  7. @brendanwood9630 [1 likes]: Thank you so much for this
  8. @Jacobkey-n6c [1 likes]: my mom and dad is holding me back
  9. @tbrown_01 [1 likes]: Thanks Dan
Planning on moving to a new City in about 6 to 8weeks from now
  10. @BelovedbyAdonai: Needed this last year!!!
  11. @ShafickSsenkumba-n3s: 😊
  12. @ShootTheShotsMedia: Thank you for this Dan.
  13. @MikeRatushniak-pj5ce: Dan i am ready to go now
  14. @MikeRatushniak-pj5ce: Okay your city maybe i would like to go to
  15. @theMannyfresh1: This is intense but his advice is 100 percent correct especially in competitive cities like San Francisco.
  16. @Troyablackmon: Love and agree with your view on an integrated life! Good stuff!
  17. @danmartell: ▸▸ Exclusive Resource: Identify the 100 people that will transform your life. Get The Dream 100 Video Here - https://hubs.la/Q01l_-dh0

- what to do when moving to a new city alone: Kind: captions Language: en is terrible advice am I just giving you a how-to on how to be kidnapped in a foreign country hi everybody and welcome back to my channel so as you can see I am back in Charleston which is very exciting so this video is going to be really good because I feel this video is gonna be really good you should listen to me no but I feel like my favorite thing to do on my channel is speak about experiences I can talk about travel tips and all these other things but when it really comes down to it like what I really love talking about is my experiences being young and being confused in new places and all of the emotions that come along with that because it is really sometimes quite a lot today we're going to be talking about moving to a new city by yourself and sort of things that I do or have done in the past three years to make myself kind of feel okay when I move to a new city because no one's ever told you that before it's it's a little tough it's a little just a teeny bit your girl has gone through it um in the past four years five years for four years even this year where I moved back to Charleston I did have one friend still but I was absolutely terrified and I did film some of it and I never posted that online so um why not embarrass myself further and talk about how scared I was I have talked about this before but moving to a new place by yourself that first week is probably a the hardest and the most exciting because everything is new and you just start to question everything like moving to a new place by yourself that really gives you an existential crisis and you know what I understand when people just like stay put now because um it's really it's a lot but what I have realized this is my number one tip when you when you move to a new place is that 50 of your problems can be fixed with a good night's sleep and eating a sandwich it doesn't have to be a sandwich I just feel like that really just conveys like the spiritual and emotional no the spiritual and physical hunger that you have when you move to a new place eating a nice sandwich and having a nap or going to sleep for like 14 hours if you move abroad really it will fix so many of your problems it will that first week that I moved to Edinburgh I did not see another human being for about two days which was so fun because in those two days I was like walking around just trying to have a nice time I also embarrassed myself a couple of times but it's just like going out to random people and being like hey I'm Katie want to be friends and like they were not into it however there were some people who were into it and by like day three I had met some people who were open to like being friends and that was cool because um that that fear of knowing absolutely no one and being like oh this is gonna continue for the rest of my time here it won't but you really start to think that way especially if you move somewhere by yourself number two get settled I think having a checklist is such a good way to mitigate anxiety because you feel a lot of that when you move to a new place but getting yourself settled and set up and feel like you're home even though you are not it's a new place is a really great way to calm yourself down so that first week I spent a lot of time figuring out how to get around figuring out where my classes were figuring out where the like nearest grocery store was figuring out which grocery store that I liked that was nearby going back to that first one finding a place that has good takeout out you know finding a place that can make a pretty good sandwich my first day in Edinburgh I went and I got like a wrap from this place and just like sat in this window by myself and let me tell you that was like that was an exciting exciting sandwich I ate it was very exciting because it was like oh a new city sandwich and I'm sitting there and I'm just like people watching and you're just completely free you're just like oh my God but then also with the freedom you're like oh I'm never gonna meet another human being that likes me ever um but like only for like a little bit and that does go away but that's definitely something that's in the back of your head um or maybe you're normal that's fine too but so after you get settled my number three tip is going to be do things that you normally wouldn't do you are moving to a new place that is a big thing for you to do you are obviously looking for some sort of shake-up in your life and I think that it's really easy once you get to a new place to sort of like fall into old habits and try to like cling to like whatever you had before that was making you you which is a good thing and that's gonna come later for sure that's my next thing but I think that it's really important to embrace change in all its forms and if someone invites you to go do something just say yes don't even think about it if someone's like hey you want to come with us and you're just like on the street and you have nothing to do go with them unless you think that that will lead to you being kidnapped that is not what I mean but if they seem like trustworthy people you should follow you should follow them this is terrible advice am I just giving you a how-to on how to be kidnapped in a foreign country I think maybe don't maybe don't do that with like people that you like seem legit number four is going to be going back to that first point is do things that you would normally do so after you've gotten in this habit of saying yes to new things and trying to talk to new people and doing things that you normally wouldn't do I think that it is important you know within the first month to remember the things that really make you you that you really love about your life that you had previously to moving in that new place like for me for example I am not really somebody who's like super big into going out and so that first couple weeks I was going out much more than I usually would just trying to talk to new people and like after a while I was like this is like kind of fun and I met some nice people and I had met some really nice friends but this is also like not super my scene and I had given it a try and I had met some great people so I was like okay I would like to maybe transition to okay I've made these great friends let's go to dinner or let's do something a little bit more chill let's you know watch a movie I think that that is a really great way to sort of like bring your old life into your new life and I'm not saying like stop saying best of things I do have a whole another video about that and I'll I'll link it up here about the power of saying yes and how that like kind of changed my life last year however saying yes to other people but then also saying yes to yourself and saying like this part of me that really doesn't love you know clubbing or whatever that's okay and this new life that I'm living can fit and merge together and then number five is going to be try to compartmentalize I would say around the three month Mark is when I usually have like the biggest crisis um I would say because I feel like it's right around three months where especially if you're moving abroad or you're moving to a new city moving having a year abroad but then also moving to New cities a little bit different because moving I'm probably like doing a lot of fun things and I feel like college is sort of like that as well you know you hit month three and things really start to get real like you have friends but you also have responsibilities and when those responsibilities kick up it can be sort of like a a moment where you're like oh my doing enough to like solidify my life here I'm so bogged down with work or whatever you know school or whatever you're you're doing and you can be like well this isn't fun anymore this isn't this isn't new or exciting like I'm just kind of back in habits and then also it's like right around that time where you're like well I don't have the perfect friend group set up or I don't have the relationships that I would like to have at this point what's wrong with me after a month you give yourself some slack but after three months it's kind of like well shouldn't have this all figured out no you should all have it all figured out it should take probably years to to get it all figured out and that is sort of the challenge of going abroad or moving to a new place talking about study abroad specifically it's really hard to feel settled in a place after only being there for a few months I feel like I was just sort of getting my legs when I was about to leave Edinburgh it takes a little bit of time and that's completely okay recognizing those thoughts and writing them down that's what I did and honestly there's like literal pages in my journal where I wrote down exactly what I was feeling right around this three-month Mark and I was like I can't do this anymore like I I don't think this is for me then I wrote it down I got it out of my system I just kind of kept going and doing things and then my life sort of changed and morphed into something else after that point and I ended up loving it so so so much compartmentalizing those feelings is going to be really important for you to move forward especially if you're in a situation where you've made commitments to a certain place and then my last tip is so this fall I might my like dad's work had like this like weird insurance that um provided you like with a life coach so I decided to to try it out and within 10 minutes of meeting this life coach she was like you need to have more fun you need to have more fun it has been my Mantra this fall Lisa really like she she slapped me with that knowledge so quickly on first of all it's okay to not know what you're doing with your life and the if you're not including fun in your life you absolutely should I am gonna start like a new segment on my channel because it's like just become like a funny thing between me and my roommates and my family literally all fall I've been like Lisa says to have fun you need to have fun in your life if you're starting over somewhere new or if you're starting a new job you know there's all these expectations to perform and do really well and for a really long time I did not allow myself to have fun while also pursuing my goals it's changed my life in such a dramatic way incorporating having fun with people and doing things without thoughts um because I'm an overthinker I'm a chronic overthinker and but I also love to explore new places I always have that sort of struggle like moving to a new place where I want everything to be perfect and I have a lot of anxiety I tend to forget that having fun is a really big part of that that is what I'm going to leave you with today and to give you an example this is what I did to have fun today um I just rediscovered Cheryl Crow's song soak up the sun and I was dancing that and eating a kale salad about 20 minutes ago and I have to go to class soon so this is what I'm talking about your girl is busy your girl has a lot of things going on at the moment but I did say take some time to dance around and put in my eyebrow gel dancing to Cheryl Crow and that's what you gotta do so I hope you guys have an excellent day and just remember that you're not alone if you're moving to a new place and if you are in a new place right now or you have experienced this before let other people know in the comments down below that they are not alone because that would be really cute so thank you guys so much for watching and I hope you have a great day ah [Music] foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @bellapeshek9680 [4 likes]: Im about to move for the first time...alone. Im kinda freaking out in a calm way?..kinda weird. But thank you for this video. I hope im not super lonely.
  2. @xhayoi1 [3 likes]: this is FUCKING DIABOLICAL! i needed this video fr
  3. @amandabazil1753 [2 likes]: I’m currently in a new state/city. I drove here for a new job opportunity that I applied for and got. It’s only been a day and I’ve broken down crying in my car after grabbing a bite to eat. It hit me how uncomfortable, lonely, and scared I was. I couldn’t even really remember why I thought movie to this city was a good idea, but then again I could just be prejudging too soon. I’m sure the city I’m living in has more to offer, but like she said, you gotta make time to have fun
  4. @jchandy1 [2 likes]: A month ago I moved to Colorado Springs and I wasn’t sure if it was right for me because of all this anxiety and lack of patience. This video really helped me calm my nerves and it made me realize so many people have had the exact same experience. Thanks for your video!
  5. @MORGIETRAVELS [2 likes]: I am studying abroad in Ireland this fall leaving CHS! I am so scared and excited at the same time!!
  6. @vanyacalderon [1 likes]: I’m moving away this August for college, and I really needed this! Thank you ❤
  7. @emiistanley: oh i live in Argentina and i'm planning to move to the capital of my country .. don't know but feel like moving to another place COMPLETELY on my own is something i have to experience at least once in life
  8. @CurioxByte: Instructions unclear I just escaped from human traffickers
  9. @MarketDarren: Jesus is Lord!
  10. @llshanks5928: video is way to long, who trynna write down the points???
  11. @sarahaugum1563: I also moved to a new city ☺️ great tips! Miss home, but it is exciting as well☺️
  12. @alexkrantz4702: Thanks for the great vid :)
  13. @dadcochran852: How often do you move around
  14. @pensato01: Thank you for making this video
  15. @Jimmy_Pedraza36: You should change the title of this video to: yapping about traveling
  16. @s.tw.p6906: You look like toothless for the movie  how to train your dragon.....😅
  17. @anthony7642: what a dumass she thinks she;s a movie star
  18. @joyyyy777: I completed my university study and will be graduating in this summer. I'm planning on moving to Qatar in a few years. This vid is a nice milestone for me.
  19. @Martha.rose2000: you remind me a lot of Hailey Lou Richardson in Five Feet Apart. :)
  20. @Deleted8790: I've been seeking out a new country to move to but worried about being cut off from my own world

- Trying To Make Friends In A Brand New City: Kind: captions Language: en so i just moved to a brand new city but there's one problem i don't know anybody here about two weeks ago i moved across the country to austin texas after getting complacent in my hometown and not enjoying where i was at i knew it was time for a change it was a big risk considering i know nobody there and anything could happen but i decided to push past my doubts and excuses and go through with it and since being here i haven't made one friend over time i've built up some pretty good social skills but sometimes i still find it difficult due to me being an introvert and just when i felt like i was really getting into the groove of being more sociable the pandemic hit and i spent 90 percent of my time inside interacting with people only online and ever since then my social skills have degraded quite a bit i came to austin for this challenge to level up in all areas of my life and experience a different vibe of people and that's what i intend to do so today i'm going to put myself out there face my fears and try to make some new friends but first i think i need to look more presentable i just woke up an hour ago and i'm already headed out because i have a haircut appointment first impressions are everything and to mitigate the weirdness that comes off from me having a camera and asking people if they want to hang out i'm gonna get a haircut and try to look and present myself as good as possible so hopefully that helps ah boy here we go as i was getting a haircut and chatting with my hair stylist i realized this was just the warm up i needed before i went out into the field the field now i sound like a cringy dating coach but seriously i think that if you are going to take on this challenge of meeting new people having some sort of social warm-up like chatting with a cashier or random person is super helpful once my haircut was finished i realized i didn't have any real plan for the rest of my day because of this and the fact that my hair stylist was a very sociable guy i thought i'd ask him for some tips hector thank you for the cut oh man no doubt looks amazing just like i get it back home so i'm brand new to the city don't know anybody here i'm trying to make some friends where you know me now so we're good right that's true that's my first friend where do you suggest i go you know i would hit on some of the creek spring areas around here there's just a lot of people in your age group coming from other cities so you want to find that you know that frequency of good people that'll help vibe kind of show you around the city awesome thanks man after getting in a great workout taking a cold shower putting on deodorant good and slipping on my favorite outfit it was finally time to go and put myself out there all right we're ready thanks to hector the hairstylist i have a plan for three places that i want to go maybe even more first we're gonna go to a park that i've already been to when i visited austin in early december then i'm gonna go downtown i remember going to whole foods and i don't know there was just like a lot of young people there so maybe i'll sit down and talk to people at whole foods then a little later i'm going to go to this outside beer garden i think it's a beer garden that's what they said and catch people while they're getting their buzz on so you know they'll be more friendly and maybe i can go up to them without getting nervous but as you'll see things didn't exactly go as planned so let's step out the door and go to our first location [Music] as i walked up to the park i had extreme nervousness and my mind started to flood with excuses as to why this was a bad idea stuff like nobody would talk to me with a camera in my hand i'm gonna look like some creep and nobody is actually gonna want to become friends with me at most they're gonna say hi and then they'll probably say no but i remembered what i had taught myself this is what your mind does when you're about to do something uncomfortable that will help you evolve as a person and the worst that they could say was no and i also remembered what i learned in the book summaries on communication using the sponsor of today's video short form short form is the world's best guides to non-fiction books short form is basically like book summaries on steroids they're super detailed they cover all the books key ideas and have interactive exercises too so like i said i've been reading a few book summaries on communication and i've also just been touching up on books that i've read in the past but i've kind of forgotten all their information and i just need the key points one book summary that i find myself rereading when i go into situations like this is the fine art of small talk by debra fine and in that summary they talk about complimenting someone which you're gonna see me use later in this video once i start approaching people three genres i think you guys would be really interested in are communication relationships and self-improvement it is without a doubt the best book summary platform out there so if you're interested you can join through my link shortform.com cole and you'll receive five days of unlimited access and an additional 20 discounted annual subscription this will give you access to thousands of book guides for the price of one book a month so once i calm my mind after being flooded with all of those excuses i decided to approach a friendly looking group of people what's good guys how are you good how you doing getting the slack lining on you i've always wanted to slackline i've been working on my control but have you been on one said ethan right i have like once slacklining was something that i was generally interested in because it looks like really fun exercise that helps your stabilization and balance so in an effort to participate more in what was going on and to try and challenge myself physically and socially at the same time i started trying to get myself up on the line it was proving to be a very difficult thing for me but after getting some help i started to get a tiny bit better at this point i felt myself getting a little more comfortable with the group and the conversation started flowing better and better angelique how i'm out here trying to make friends with people how do you suggest other people do what i'm doing how they can come off in a way that people will want to start speaking with them i think the best approach is to just go out and try something new and the people will see your spirit and come to you okay i like that as i continued my progression with my slack lining skills i could only think of how closely related it was to the theme of this entire video to be presented with the same challenge over and over and by consistently stepping outside of your comfort zone to do something you'll potentially fail at eventually you'll start to get better after a little more slacklining and even playing some catch talking to people started to turn into less of a challenge and more into genuine fun and excitement yeah yeah yeah yeah oh wow yeah that hurts you strongest yo what's up what's up youtube this is uh costa b ross i mean you seem like a very charismatic friendly dude all right tell them how do you become more charismatic and confident like to even you know like and just make it a habit just you know just the act of moving that's what i'll do just move and it turned out i had much more in common with who i surrounded myself with than i originally thought a few of them were plant-based as well and even let me try some of their food we continued talking and i started opening up more and more about myself and why i came to austin and it started to feel like i had known all these people for years not hours i don't know like find activities that you like to do and then meet people accordingly yeah and then just go do those activities and usually people are pretty open and like accepting to like doing activities with you and then you just make friends like that or like finding a place that you like to go to and frequently like frequent there often you just have to find your niche and then you'll find the other people that go there often and then you can just like you know become one and i can give you the most perfect example you guys ready the hammocks the slackline all things that we enjoyed to do and whenever i moved here i knew no one except for my little sister i just started coming out here throwing up the hammocks throwing up the slacklines and i met all the people that you'll probably see in this video and more and somehow my first time being out here i found a group of people who are vegan and logan vegan is a videographer and a photographer you never know so just put yourself out there that's really the best advice as the sun started to set and the day was winding down they told me that a fire spinning show was going to start in the park when it got dark out and i mean a fire spinning show there was no way i was gonna turn that down we sat around the performers admiring and applauding the dedication and effort required to perform such an awesome talent it was a perfect end to an almost perfect day wow all i can all i can say is wow i went into that situation expecting the worst expecting pretty much nothing and i came out of it having made some really awesome friends and meeting so many people like to keep it real with you i feel like i have not grinned that much in a day in a really long time that was a really fun time i had planned to end this video with some more tips on how to replicate the same sort of success with finding the right friend group but everyone that i asked throughout this video summed it up pretty well however i definitely went to the right place at the right time and met the right people which might not be the case when you go and try and make new friends but just like the difficulty of trying anything new and using some of the tips shared throughout this video if you keep putting yourself out there and you go to places where people share similar interests you'll find your tribe eventually thank you to all my patrons on this channel on patreon if you don't know what this is it's a platform separate from youtube where i'm putting out exclusive content you can't get anywhere else you can also talk to me one on one over the phone on there if you want to check that out that's in the description patreon.com hastings oh man what a great day what a great time i had filming this i have a whole playlist on building relationships with others if you're interested in that you can click on this little thing you see on screen and that's all for this video thank you guys i love you see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ColeHastings [131 likes]: One of the most fun videos I've filmed. Thanks for watching.
Check out The Fine Art Of Small Talk and get an additional 20% discount on the annual subscription at https://shortform.com/cole
  2. @TylinKitsRay [1 likes]: 0:35 Beluga!🎉
  3. @EstelianKihwele [1 likes]: i need frend
  4. @luissweeny: 😮I'm not sure , do u suggest I talk to people when I get to go out to optimize my chances of making actual friends ❔
  5. @ZijianGao-w7w2j: want a friend? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t89sfP3SoAE
  6. @vodkaboy: confidence is built, it's learning to live
  7. @StreakUp-k7j: "trying to make friends in a" and somehow you still have to show up. there's something about someone being honest about their actual experience that hits differently. curious what's worked for other people here.
  8. @FNLN-s3e: Been doing this for many years with no success.  I think we all know the basics. It's the nuances that we need. It's easy if you have activities that you like that involve other people. In Minnesota we fant hang out in a park for 6 months a year either. We can go to a mall, which q lot of people do, but meeting people there is very difficult. Little old men sit on benches. That doesnt work for women to meet old men. Theyre always a little creepy. To meet people ither places generally costs money yhat adds up fast. Stand in line or something. It's really difficult
  9. @ShafickSsenkumba-n3s: 😊
  10. @McolisiSedric1: this was actually kinda cool to watch. been thinking about stuff like this lately and seeing the possible scenarios play out like this?? super interesting... anyone else from Chicago here?? I’ve been using The Anchor Net to meet people nearby who actually wanna connect sooo i'll try this on there.. trying out new apps lately to see what actually helps so this social experiment kinda lines up..
  11. @cylered16: This video hits home! I just moved to Austin 2 months ago. At 39, I have found myself scratching my head about where to meet cool and interesting folks. Great video!
  12. @lumikkowhite8163: If your ex partners ruin your name in your city, and you try to find others in a new city, its almost impossible.

Ive tried for 3 years to even get allowed to move into different city. Cant move outside without getting bullied. So i prefer to learn to live with the fact im alone for the rest of my life
  13. @mohammadumarshaikh7787: What is the meaning of being introvert and uploading yourself on youtube?
  14. @mathew4239: Its impossible
  15. @The_Mandarin-1: It should be easy to find like minds to hang out with for you. You are an average bro fitting in with the rest of the average people out there. I have nothing to talk about with these types. I have no interest in sports, television or web series. I don't care where you went for vacation or what car/truck you drive. I don't care what you do for a living or how much you make. Uless I meet them I have no interest in hearing about your families or co-workers.
  16. @zehra1385: I will be moving out a brand new country in 2 weeks for college and I don't even know the local language lol but i still feel extremely excited to meet new people and even feel uncomfortable 😂
  17. @Grace-b4c3g: Any friends from Texas 😅
  18. @insid3493: Bro I moved like 900 miles away and I graduated a year ago, I don't know anyone lmao
  19. @skylarbriggss: Austin Texas?? Awe hell nah
  20. @GumballRTX: How do I approach and say hi? 

"Just get outside, and make it a habit, just the act of movement, just move."

- How to Make FRIENDS in Your 20s (3 Steps to Build Social CONFIDENCE): Kind: captions Language: en did you know 3 years ago on my 27th birthday I celebrated alone with no friends I got sub parash extensions got sushi with my then booyfriend now X and my friend group really fell apart during covid people moved away focused on the Romantic relationships or their career I felt like an awkward loner with no friends fast forward to my 29th birthday last year I celebrated in a room full of friends it was pink Barbie karaoke themed and in the last year I've done so many nights in nights out craft nights girl gang reconnected with old friends made new friends and if I can do that in my late 20s you can grow your social confidence and make friends too stay tuned to hear how I did this in my early 20s I had a scarcity mindset when it came to Friendship I knew there are so many studies showing that people lost friends as they aged because people moved away prioritized different things got busy with work and I just felt like I had to accept that at 27 that I didn't have that many friends but this all changed at the end of my last long-term relationship where I was in my healing and scarcity abundance mindset era my friendships really start to shift when I truly saw the joy and meaningfulness of building all these connections friendships and community in my scarcity mindset era I had beliefs like it is hard to make friends I'm only going to lose friends as I age when people get into relationships I'm not going to prioritize or friendship anymore and I have to hold on to all my friends even if it's not healthy or serving me anymore and I didn't value making any additional friends I had two or three friends and I was like you know what that's good enough I'm a focus on my career my relationship Etc I don't need more friends and because of those beliefs I was scared of reaching out making new friends I was scared of being hurt and I just didn't fully see the value of female friendship and Community fast forward to my abundance mindset now I believe it's never too late to make friends there are so many people out there to connect with there are so many things I can learn and I have so much to offer in a friendship plus friendships are really enriching and I can let go of old friendships or friendships that don't serve me anymore because of my abundance mindset with friendship I have better energy when making friends I'm not coming at them with this scarcity like oh will you be friends with me am I cool am I not cool I better hang on to this friendship I'm not coming at them with this energy anymore and it's way easier to deal with rejection with this abundance mindset with there are so many people out there who are excited to meet you let's talk about length Foundation to develop and cultivate your friendships the first step is Embrace how interesting you are and try new things if you're an interesting person it'll be so easy to have conversations about certain topics and make plans based on your interest or your shared interest if you have no interest right now don't worry think about what topics do you like when you scroll on social media what do you talk to your friends or what posts on Reddit or social media are you gravitated towards what shows do you watch and if you don't do anything this is the time to invest in yourself date in yourself and go out there and try everything that that the world and your city or wherever you are has to offer could be rock climbing cooking class walking to a new neighborhood trying new cafes hanging out in the library anything at all so I'm going to give specific examples that I've tried in the last 2 years so I started a monthly virtual book club with a cooworker we knew we had the same interest in books and she invited one of her best friends I also organized Sheba enu meetups with dog owners in my neighborhood I've been a mentor and a member with Monday girl it's a community of women who are focused on professional development and I've met like-minded people at these events I also reconnected with a college friend that I haven't seen or talked to in 7 years and we even went to a 50cent concert and hung out multiple times afterwards and then that co-worker's friend from my book club I found out she liked thrift shopping so I connected her with another one of my friends who liked thrift shopping and brunch who doesn't like brunch we all grabbed brunch and then went thrifting together afterwards my next tip is to start things off light making friends is kind of like dating the first time you meet it might be a bunch of small talk like hey how's your day going for example if you meet a friend because you go to the dog park every day you might start off with small talk like how often do you come to the dog park what kind of dog do you have what's your dog like what interested you in getting a dog there's all sorts of questions you can start off with and then once you get that small talk going and you see this person a couple of times or even that one time you can Branch off and ask for a light kind of hangout maybe it's coffee maybe it's going on a walk maybe it's just lingering after and having a longer conversation whatever that is keep it light and I'll give you some examples of how I met my friends gradually so meet my friends Nancy and Brenda I love this story of how we met during Co one of my best high school friends her name is Susan invited me to a weekly Among Us game with her medical school friends and every Sunday I dialed in to this Zoom call and I played among us one of these lovely people her name is Nancy so we played as virtual friends for a whole year and then we decided to meet up for coffee in the city that we live in and fast forward a year later she invited me to her birthday party which I really dreaded and had so much anxiety going to because I knew it was all people who went to her medical school so I didn't have that much in common with them I was dreading like oh my God they're all going to talk about these topics I know nothing about but I met one of my best friends there cuz she was the only other person who was not in medical school and then after the three of us met at this birthday we decided to hang out for dinner and there we bonded over our toxic Asian parents love the some life trauma bonding and since then we've done rug tting more dinners PowerPoint nights Etc so don't rush when trying to make friends it's a very gradual process another story I want to share is about my friendships at the dog park I've been going to the same dog park for days weeks months with my dog and I met a group of girls there so usually we do some light small talk we talk about their day ask how their dogs doing we just hang out there but eventually after multiple months of meeting them we went on haot girl dog walks where we walk 3 hours all over the city we get coffee with our dogs and then we even did a nonog event with all of the girls going out for drinks joining networking groups and cold outreaches is also a great way to make friends if you don't know anyone in your city I personally tried this I joined a networking group called Monday girl where I met new friends reconnected with old friends at their networking event it would start off with meeting someone new at a networking event making some small talk about what they do what they're interested in how long they've lived in the city what interest they have in the city what's their favorite thing to do restaurants Etc and then asking them out for coffee to catch up or talk more at a later Point cold calls is also something you can do that's not just for work but also for friends there's someone I followed on Instagram who followed me back for years and years and she did a lot of cool stuff she did travel yoga meditation and I just reached out to her I was like like hey I love all the things that you're doing you're doing a lot of interesting things I'm super curious about learning about your meditation Journey your yoga Journey would you be interested in grabbing a coffee at some point in the next 2 to 3 weeks and she said yes so we grabbed a coffee and that was great now that you've laid the groundwork with joining a variety of interest groups making small plans reaching out the next step is continuing to take initiative I used to be so scared of reaching out and making plans because I was afraid of being rejected I was afraid they didn't want to hang out with me or didn't like my hang out idea and I still feel that way sometimes it takes a lot of practice getting comfortable with reaching out and making plans with people but I want to assure you even though on Tik Tok or Instagram it looks like everyone's always traveling always going on dates always getting dinner with their friends I can assure you most people are doing nothing and sitting at home scrolling on their phones or watching Netflix and these people would love to be invited out to get coffee grab a drink go on a walk Etc it's really important to have no ego early on when trying to make friends I would take rejection so personally once I asked someone to go to a Sonic class with me and she didn't want to and I was like oh my God she thinks I'm weird I like doing these sauna classes and she's never going to reach out to me again and you know what we never end up connecting again but that's okay because there's so many other people who would share my interest again abundance mindset if you get rejected it's okay because similar to dating advice there's so many fish in the see so many people you can be friends with it's about finding those people who are interested in your interest or curious about what you're interested in and sometimes people are just genuinely busy they might take a long time to respond so remember don't take it personally now if you're not sure what to do other than like coffee walks getting a drink or something look on Tik Tok for ideas I look at girl hangs or ideas to do in my city all the time and in the last year I hosted a gallentine that was completely pink themed I hosted craft nights where we painted things made bracelets made keychains like this one here I made at a craft night that I hosted I also had board game nights clothing swaps and I went on a lovely vacation with my girlfriends as well there are so many ideas out there and people to meet don't be afraid of taking that first step remember no ego and lastly in terms of taking the initiative cast a wide net sometimes you may not know that many people but last year I had about 500 Instagram followers and I wanted to go see this music festival called lovers and and friends because they had Usher they had like Christina Aguilera Backstreet Boys a really sick lineup but I didn't know who else was interested in this kind of music so I posted on my Instagram friends hey does anyone want to go see lovers and friends with me and one of my Instagram friends was like yeah I'm totally down we didn't end up going because the hidden fees were ridiculous but I found out she lived in Vegas and then we went on a lovely hike the next time I was in Vegas and now we've been friends ever since also I asked my friends last year if anyone was interested in doing an abstract art class and one of my dog park girlfriends was interested so we did that and I also organized a clothing swap there's so much don't be afraid to put your intentions out there if no one responds that's also okay you can also do it by yourself so after laying the foundation joining interest groups and then taking the initiative to make plans and forgetting about your ego and focusing on the abundance mindset now we can connect on a deeper level with those friends that we've made my first tip about this is emotional intelligence think about if you would want to be close friends with you empathy vulnerability compassion and openness are all amazing traits to cultivate within yourself and to look for in other friends you don't have to start out with any of these traits I personally didn't I was a terrible listener and I'm still working on that but it's so great to focus on these things so you can grow and become that friend that you wish you had personally I went to therapy after my long-term relationship ended in my 20s and I worked a lot on my vulnerability before I was really scared to share details about myself cuz I've been burned in the past when I was in high school with drama Etc and I was scared of opening up I felt anxious I was afraid of being rejected but I worked on myself in therapy and one thing I recommend is binee brown her book daring greatly has inspired me to continue to open up and build connections and community even though it's scary as hell I also love this podcast called how to talk to people by the Atlantic it's a short series covering Small Talk Community friendships a great binge listen another important concept of friendships is making bids for connection so one reason adults lose friends as they age is because they're afraid of getting hurt as people grow older they become more cautious about forming new friends and investing their time and this fear of commitment and vulnerability can really prevent adults from making friends and this is literally what I fa when I was in my late 20s when I was 27 I was like why would I invest my time and energy into these people if they're just going to move away if they're just going to get a boyfriend and drop off the face of the planet Etc but abundance mindset forming deep and meaningful connections or even friends that are just there for a season are great experiences for example I knew one of my my co-workers for 6 years but we never had a really deep connection or friendship we never hung out one-on-one we just go to group events together but I opened up to her about my breakup 5 years ago she invited me over we connected one-on-one and both talked about our past relationship issues and we've been close ever since so opening up and making a bid for connection can be scary but it can also be really rewarding and on the flip side if someone comes to you make space for them listen to them and lend some compassionate energy it's really important to remember that building friendship takes time and energy be kind on yourself if sometimes you have ups and downs with your journey to build friendships and it's okay if some friendships are short-lived just for a season or if they don't work out in the end overall making friends and building social confidence it is a skill and with all skills it takes practice practice practice so just to recap the advice I talked about today for forming new friendship in your 20s and as an adult versus laying the foundation Embrace old interests try new interests and you also want to start things light it's like dating gradually build up from small talk to hanging out separately and then also don't be afraid of cold calls and joining networking or Community groups to meet friends next we have taking the initiative once you've met people you have to make plans and don't let your ego get in in the way of you making plans it can feel scary to reach out but rejection is okay you will survive there are plenty of people out there who would love to meet you so keep trying also cast a wide net when you're looking for things to do don't be afraid to ask multiple people next is connecting on a deeper level remember emotional intelligence cultivate those traits within yourself that you would want in a friend and make bids for connection it can be scary to open up but it's very rewarding when you do so and if you remember anything from this video remember abundance mindset when you're stuck in that scarcity mindset and you believe making friends is hard it will be hard cuz your energy is going to be different making friends and approaching friendships if you believe making friends is easy and there's so many people out there who are interested in meeting you who share your interest who you want to learn from you will find those people so good luck out there I hope hope this video inspires some of you or helps some of you to form lovely long-term friendships if you're interested and learning about how to grow your inner confidence watch this video [Music] next

  Top Comments:
  1. @sashad.7722 [204 likes]: Your video is the best I've seen on topic of friends. Examples, vibe - all very inspiring❤ I need to reinvent myself after divorce in 39. Time for new friends and activities🎉
  2. @rawarawaa4053 [2 likes]: When I became mature I realized Iam surrounded with fake friends 
Now Iam 23 year old and I feel alone 
But I choose to be alone rather than be with people who don't even send me a massage in my birthday
  3. @Gina.Dailyy [1 likes]: Im currently in university and lost all the ‘friends’ i made in the beginning which i kept trying to convince myself they were right for me. Bu i genuinely have always struggled to continue to branch out my whole life. This video definitely helped changed my perspective and 2 years later its still so valuable. Thank you ❤
  4. @jiminhadassah [1 likes]: I'm currently 29 and have zero friends in real life,this is so boring please help me
  5. @puffypuff9946: Im 28, turned my life towards christ a year ago.

On the struggle bus with making friends.
  6. @ankita263: the problem is ik a lot of people and i had friends but for some or the other reason they go away from my life either by themself or i fuck things up i feel so drained honestly
  7. @maxlie4: youre lucky
  8. @NatalieKelly474: How do you find a good looking guy and enjoy life with him 24/7? Is england a great place?
  9. @GoodMan-b4r5e: you're so beautiful, ethereal.
  10. @user72207: what about in your teens when youre not in high school anymore? its hard being 18-19 with no friends
  11. @NatalieKelly474: I want to meet a group that likes travelling to places in cars and has time to provide me with lots of money to hobbies. Sadly i attend the worst college in england and everyone nearly speaks bad commucation.
  12. @5begus: Towards to the end of the video, I was like ok, it doesnt seem so hard and so what is holding me back? It is relationship TRAUMA. Trauma that some friends/acquaintances/potential lovers caused. I have been thinking: Ok, I got fumbled multiple times by most people. At the end of the day people are selfish af. They have calculations/gains otherwise they wouldnt approach. I must have an arm length distance (mentally&phsically) and not let anyone in easily so that I wont get hurt again. Now that I realise not only it hurts my trust towards other people, it hurts my confidence and self love. Lately I have been thinking twice about stating an opinion or sharing an interest bc I do not want people to ruin it or use it against me. However all connections have risks, you gotta take those small risks otherwise lack of connection/self love starts to hurts you more than other people do. 😔
  13. @Warr2ior: What do I do when is some of my older friends call me boring and I’m trying to make some IRL friends and I am just I don’t have anything to talk about and I’m afraid they might leave me because I’m boring??? 

 Please respond. I’ve been trying to ask people and they won’t tell me.❤❤❤
  14. @awhailnawh: I'm freshly 27, let's try this out!
  15. @Uu-u2s: I was thinking the same thing. I thought I couldn’t make friends, and I was worried about rejection. Especially because I’m living abroad on a working holiday. Since my English isn’t very good, I lost confidence in meeting new people. But I think I should try joining some social groups.
  16. @Meliedior: I don’t have any friends so I’m watching this 🩷
  17. @AlexSocarras: I was actually taken aback by how polished your on-camera delivery and presence are. Genuinely amazing! I admire it greatly and would to develop it in myself.
  18. @Priya-cq8xf: so guys im 21 from chennai,india i lost a lot of frds over the years during high school and college but the true ones stayed thats what matters, i feel i can make more friends on the upcoming years ,thanks for the video
  19. @AndrewYimH: This is very helpful. I will definitely be putting your advice into practice.
  20. @winniebpgraal766: I am trying to expand my social circle as I only had like 3 casual friends as I had cut of my toxic close friends which led me to find bf instead of friendships.

It's so isolating and even more when financial it's an issue....I am in my early 20s.

- How to Make Friends After Moving: Kind: captions Language: en when it comes to social interaction it's not a problem as long as we're talking about how to stop people you guys I asked a question about how to make friends and no one has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue but we talked about how to stop people and invade their privacy and make them feel uncomfortable and everyone's got a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] answer and they're all so diverse right what's your social security number can you open the blinds when you sleep like oh my god do you come to this train often or your parents home right so like okay here's the thing if you want to make friends you take the part of you that is funny because all of you guys are clearly hilarious and then you just make it not cringe-worthy right you just make it about like like pretend like use that same funny part but then make it about something that is not invasion of someone's personal space and privacy so what are you guys feeling you guys feel like talking about like meditation questions about meditation finding friends in real life habit practical tips for Vata someone's talking about becoming a pro gamer ok finding friends let's do it okay so here's the question okay let's do friends okay so here's the first one hello firstly I had a question about finding friends in real life it seems that most regular people meet other people through the people they already know what do you do after moving to another city state or country what would you do if you've been gaming for years and realize you have no real-life relationships fantastic question the first thing is I think you know when we think about friendship we think about it just like a random topic like we think about it like food or philosophy like no one really stops ok the mic Peaks let me see if I can I think that gain is already down I don't it's all the way down crackles a bit when I get loud ok well we will have to fix that later I'll just try to keep my voice somewhat monotone whisper whisper ok I can keep it a little bit further away so let's see if that helps so does this sound ok okay so let's um let's first understand like how friendship works okay so I want you guys to understand that just about anything about your psychology or anything about your choices or habit or where you are in life or where you want to go in life or if you're struggling with something you can apply sort of like mathematics engineering and science to it to try to figure out how it works it's the first question that I have for y'all is how does friendship work like what is the mathematical equation for you and someone else to become a friend what do you guys think the variables are what do y'all think we're gonna try this be alive common interest personality traits proximity okay so what we're gonna do okay I'm gonna use word common interests all day so do you guys have friends do you guys have friends that you don't share interests with you don't know because you don't have friends pepé hands so common interests is not one of the most important things for a friendship so think about the friends that you guys have made so far what how have you made your friends if you guys like you guys had friends when you were in grade school Sunday class school and work okay so we have so what does that tell you right so we make friends from school we make friends for work so what does that tell us about like what's important to make a friend oh the book is still being made we're gonna add to it environment but what does that mean environment like what about the environment like if you say like so remember the goal of this stream is to practically help people understand stuff be around people right so okay let's just let's debunk these okay let's think through these okay because we spend a lot of time there and share struggles okay that's the that's we're gonna get into that so first thing is like be around people so like if I go hang out at a train station am I gonna make friends no right so it's not just proximity of people so the first thing that you guys need for friendship is a regular amount of unplanned interaction okay so if we think about like why do you make friends at school and work it's because you get regular exposure that is unplanned so there's no pressure on anyone regular exposure that is unplanned with a group of people that's the first thing that you need for friendship and that's the first thing so the second thing is common cause and I think Farrell was talking about this right so if you think about the people that you make friends with like you make friends with them because you guys share like a goal or you all struggle together you're in know you're in you're in kind of like a group together I mean actually transition back to live Plus chat so that I can look over here so a regular amount of unplanned interaction and common cause I think are the two most important things for friendship so is it school or work a planned interaction not between you and the person you show up to class they show up to class classes plan but it's not like you're trying to like get them they're not coming to class for you and you're not coming to class for them a planned interaction is like let's say that I I call up my buddies I say hey let's go to the movies that's a planned interaction and so the first thing to understand about friendship is like you guys need to have regular unplanned interactions with people and y'all need to have common cause common interests is helpful personality like personality stuff is helpful it doesn't mean that you're going to become friends with everyone that you interact with on an unplanned basis but the most important things for friendship or unplanned interaction and common cause so if you guys want to make friends if we think about that like if we realize that those are the two most important variables and then like the third variable is common interests then we have to structure a life in which which we're being regularly exposed to people without any pressure so this is why people say like go and volunteer or like take a class or something like that you need to go to a place where like you can see other people on a regular basis so you don't feel pressured it's not like you're hanging out at a train station and be like hey man sitting next to me on the train do you want to grab brunch next Sunday and hang out for a few hours like that's really weird right but if you see someone in class like every every day or three times a week then like after a while like you can be like hey men like you introduce yourself one day and then then like common cause helps a lot so common causes like studying together for a test so you and the other person have shared goals there's something that you guys like like y'all are y'all are naturally aligned toward something like if you guys are at work and like your boss is an [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys have common cause in sort of like combining together to like deal with your boss right so if you guys want to make friends the first thing is that so it can be hard when you move to a new setting country whatever but the first thing that I do is I'd structure some activities that you can you're not like there to like pressure people into being your friend you're just gonna go there and do the thing and hopefully you want to pick activities that other people are going to show up with like on a regular basis so the nice thing about taking your class is that like presumably there are other people in the class who are gonna show up every week and so like that's a good way to make friends like people make friends like in a a groups right Alcoholics Anonymous it's like I mean a lot of people make like become friends there because you guys are there and you show up on a regular basis and then like you guys are both trying to not drink and so y'all are looking for people to hang out with who don't drink and so like a is like there are a lot of people that I work with who've made friends through a that's really important because if you're in it with a with a friend group that does it you know you're trying to change that friend group then you have to try to you know get out of that and so finding like people that share common cause that you guys have common goals that you guys have shared struggles that's what common cause means it's common goals and shared struggles someone is asking A's Alcoholics Anonymous so then the next part of the question is what do you do if you've been gaming for years and realize you have no real life relationship so then like so first it's important to recognize that right and understand that that's gonna come with some feelings of like shame and discomfort and like feeling like you're you suck at life so I understand that those feelings are there and that those are those are not inappropriate feelings because you kind of you've started to kind of fall fall behind in life and then what happens is you start to like acknowledge those feelings and then you move forward right and like think about think about this guys like so right now in chat everyone is talking about being friends why do you guys like what like how is it that you guys are gonna become friends with each other it's because you guys have regular unplanned interactions like you know when would Reno and digital dudes show up and chat like they're not showing up with the express purpose of hanging out with each other they're showing up to like listen to the stream and participate in the stream and then like over time they kind of know each other because they like both talk when they're here right and so this is a prime example and then you guys have common cause because y'all are trying to learn something about your life or improve your life or get better at life and so like twitch chat is actually a fantastic example of you know the the recipe for friendship which is that you need regular unplanned interactions and then you need common cause and so people are talking about you know is it re friends the same thing as regular friends like they're not the same but I think that they scratch a similar each so I think that the friendship that you form with people online is authentic I think it's real friendship and you can get a lot of support and validation and and pride and joy out of friends and at the same time like no one over the Internet can give you a hug and some of the value of friendship are things that you can't get over the internet so like we have this circuit of our brain that I sort of called the social sonar so a lot of times gamers have difficulty with social interactions because since so much of their social interaction is over the internet there are a lot of parts of our brain that aren't active over social interaction over the internet and so those parts of our brain become like rusted and they don't work well so one good example is like reading body language so when I talk to gamers about being socially anxious around like groups of people part of the reason that they're socially anxious is because they are not their brain is not able to interpret body language of people around them and why isn't their brain able to interpret the body language because you don't interpret body language when you're hanging out over discord so your brain much like a language that you don't speak says like oh like I don't need to understand body language because it doesn't affect my social interactions at all let me turn off that circuit and so then when you go into the real world you feel super anxious and you feel like everyone is judging you because normally their body language should reassure you but since your body language the body language interpreting part of your brain has been shut off because you spent so much time on discord can't reassure you and then you you like get super-anxious and you think that everyone's like paying attention to you and things like that it's because your social sonar has been disabled it's not words it's not it's like all the other stuff it's like sonar you just sort of detect things so I do think that the friendships that you form online are important in real and they're also missing some important parts so there's a there's a hormone I mean there's a neurotransmitter in hormone called oxytocin F what does that mean anyway there's there's a oh is it lagging so I was talking about oxytocin so we're just gonna talk for a second about oxytocin then we'll we'll move on so you have a neurotransmitter or hormone called oxytocin which forms like emotional bonds so oxytocin is the hormone that causes mothers to release breast milk so you have some hormones that cause the breast milk production but then there's another function called breast milk letdown so if you think about like like a postpartum mother like their their milk has I mean their breast has milk in it and the milk just stays there right like it doesn't usually leak it just kind of hangs out there and then what happens is when you you get a suckling sensation on the breast from a newborn infant then that suckling sensation causes the release of oxytocin oxytocin causes the stored milk to be like opened so it's kind of like opening the faucet for a breast milk for for a newborn I mean uh postpartum mothers with newborns the other interesting thing about oxytocin is it causes breast milk letdown but it also Foster's emotional bonding so a lot of infant mother bonding is through oxytocin a lot of social interactions are mediated through like like oxytocin enhances social bonding so when people have are sexually active and they cuddle afterward or cuddling in general causes oxytocin release any time you hug someone you get a little spurt of oxytocin and with that spurt of oxytocin causes you to form a bond with someone else and like gives you positive feelings about them they have positive feelings about you it sort of helps you feel good it helps you feel connected to other people the problem is that online interactions don't really foster oxytocin release so even though the friendship is real you're gonna be like your brain is literally in your physiology is gonna be missing something from human contact and you just can't really substitute that there was some there was some there were some interesting trials actually in schizophrenia where people tried to like give people oxytocin so that like social interactions with people with schizophrenia would get better but those sort of really good in theory but didn't really work well yeah can men produce milk yes so there are some cases of like tumors and stuff like that where you can get milk production but not in any any significant quantity can work interaction substitute for oxytocin or cuddling if you're physically no I don't think you interacting with yourself do you cuddle with yourself after you jerk off that's the question right so generally speaking I don't think you can create oxytocin by like interacting with yourself I think you just uh yeah that's that's what's missing can my pillow substitute I don't know I don't think so I mean so I think that like maybe somewhat but I think that I don't know exactly what it is about cuddling like I don't know where the precise line is for like you know cuddling or touching or warmth I don't know if it's temperature or like what it could be just the pillow I don't know I I don't think that there are any clinical trials that measure oxytocin release after cuddling with a pillow versus a human being and now we're talking about body pillows fantastic okay okay no questions fantastic okay it's can someone ask a test question in the stream because it does I just wanna make sure it's working weighted blankets are very good for insomnia and if you have anxiety before bed okay thanks Brendan okay yep it's working perfect so let's do another question okay so on the on the thread okay these are all great questions thank you guys what do you think about board games is an alternative hobby to video games I attend a weekly meetup at a game shop to play games for a few hours with some other people I feel like board games scratch a similar intellectual itch while being in a social environment so that's perfect right because we're talking about how to make friends and I think this is a prime example so if you are a nerd and you're new to a city find a board game store because I think that they do offer a lot of the same things as video games and our social and are also time-limited like if I'm gonna play like Agricola or secret Hitler or codenames or resistance with friends of mine like that can be a lot of fun you're interacting with other human beings you guys are hanging out and also like you can't play that for 12 hours a day for like six days a week so I think that board game shops are a fantastic alternative I think board games are a fantastic alternative to video games I think that once again I don't think video games are evil and I think you guys should have fun right like you want to be having fun like that's the whole point it's go have fun and go socialize at the same time and I think it's a great way to make new friends when you move to new city what man my hair really needs to I need to get a haircut okay second part of the question would be let's talk about okay this is related to friends okay second part of the question be how do you find people who aren't boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I love online interaction because it allows you to skip all the social posturing lack of taboos and so on but at the same time I've experienced what it's like to be ghosted by people I've known for years without knowing anything about them so how do you find people who aren't boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay so the first thing is like very few people are actually boring right like if someone is like if you think someone is boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like what what are you looking for and what are they showing you like what is that what is like boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] mean does that mean because it allows you to skip all the social posturing lack of taboos and so on so I mean my guess is that this person has like maybe like doesn't like like to play by the rules of social norms and he finds he or she finds people that respect social norms like introducing yourself and not dropping dropping f-bombs when you meet someone to be like cumbersome and boring and so they think small talk and things like that are boring but these are the ways that human beings send a warm up to each other it's also like the way that regular human beings figure out if you're a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weirdo right because like if you can't do that it's sort of like like you could you can you can blame or criticize as much as you want to about a social norm and I'm not saying that those aren't like those aren't fair criticisms like you can say that for example people ask the question how are you and that question no one actually wants to know how you are it's just like a social formality right you can say that that's a waste of time and space but and that's true but they're also like some conventions that have value just because everyone else follows them and this is something that's like really hard for people to understand that like when people criticize social norms they're like oh yeah that's stupid we should just all be authentic but like remember that driving on let's say so I live in the United States so driving on the right side of the road is not like morally better than driving on the left side of the road there's no inherent advantage to driving on the right side of the road the only advantage of driving on the right side of the road is because everyone else [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] drives on that same side of the road and if I decide that I want to be like edgy and I want to be like authentic and I want to be fresh and not a boring [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'm gonna start driving on the left side of the road because like why am I gonna be like a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nor me like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] normies like I'm not gonna be like that I'm gonna just drive the way that I want to and I don't know why these like normies are always driving on the right and and like yeah there's no inherent value to driving on the right side of the road but there's value in the there's value in the fact that everyone does it so the first thing is like why are social interactions like basic social interactions so like laborious for this person right like why can't you just like make small talk with people like what bothers you so much about making small talk with another human being small talk isn't I mean it's not really fantastic it's not amazing it's not like a freshly baked chocolate chip cookie but it also isn't like you know six-day-old back and cheese that's been reheated three times it's just small talk and I think if you want to get past small talk you can ask questions to people that are like interesting and get you to know someone without being invasive so you don't ask someone you know what's your deepest darkest fear I would say yeah what are your passions like that's a weird question ask someone right you like meet someone at the train station and they turn to you and they say what are your passions tell me what is it that you are passionate about you know it's like that's kind of weird but I would ask them hey like what are you excited about for the next year like 2019 is coming to a close and is there anything that that you're really proud of right that's kind of like you know so you can ask questions to people like oh if you have you have you traveled anywhere interesting recently like I think travel is a great way to get people talking about stuff you can ask about travel and I think that there's a difference between making small talk and not saying anything and also like completely violating social norms and you know you can learn a lot about someone and then once they respond so right so if I ask someone what's what's tell me about 2019 they say I'm one year closer to death and then you kind of laugh and then you say like yeah so how does it I mean it's one you're closer to that the good thing or a bad thing and then you kind of play ball and if someone says okay so like let's play this game okay dr. Kanodia is gonna take your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] answers and respond to them in a fun and easy manner so where have you traveled recently yeah I left the house this morning to get food and it's like wow like who is leaving the house to get food like a good thing or a bad thing did you eat something delicious like if you had to if you had to go through all the trouble of leaving your house did you at least get something tasty WIC was it worth it that's the question you ask right like was it worth it to leave your house to get what food you got yeah see like and deagle I is giving me smiley face emotes right so like let's get another question like what okay so this one what traits are you excited about that's the great question so I encourage you guys to go to a party or go Thanksgiving or go to your holidays and and and like like ask them about what trains they're excited about and then watch their confusion and be like are you excited about any train sir no I'm confused don't you love trains they're gonna think either you're autistic and obsessed with trains or you can segue into like Thomas the Tank Engine memes right what kind of computer do you have do you come to this train often is not a good question to ask people asking people about the regularity of their travel habits and where they're going to be at certain times when you first meet them is not an acceptable question yeah so yeah asking people if they're here alone can I have your number no but like okay so do you guys want to talk about like how do you ask someone out do you guys know how to do this your parents go that's how you ask someone out or your parents home [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] dachshund creepy ass [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] into a chat see when it comes to social interaction it's not a problem as long as we're talking about how to stop people you guys I asked a question about how to make friends and no one has a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] clue but we talked about how to stop people and invade their privacy and make them feel uncomfortable and everyone's got a come to this train often are your parents home right so like okay here's the thing if you want to make friends you take the part of you that is funny because all of you guys are clearly hilarious and then you just make it not cringe-worthy right you just make it about like like pretend like use that same funny part but then make it about something that is not invasion of someone's personal space or privacy yeah that's actually a good question do you pour milk or cereal first right like that's that's a good question there's a difference between our humor in Norma humor yeah just don't make it about stalking people yeah so so instead of asking okay so this goes downhill so fast right we start we start with cereal and milk and then and then we go to this is the divergence of twitch at okay what's your favorite cereal too is that a wig do you wipe sitting or standing and showering with socks fun so that's a good one I would ask someone hey if you ever shower with your socks on I heard the wildest thing which is apparently it's supposed to be amazing do you wipe front to back it's always front to back boys and girls yeah you could ask people that shower with their socks on they'll think you're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] weird but they won't think you're stopping them who the hell stands to wipe yeah good point federal so remember it's front to back otherwise you'll end up with a UTI okay let's do another question so okay so trillion is right we didn't answer the original question the second part of the question would be as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] I'd say like honestly try to engage them in conversation right so I think like if you find people boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're probably not like actually bothering to understand who they are or what's interesting about them so that's your problem like people aren't boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like it's kind of like saying you know how do you how do you find fresh food in the trash can it's like you don't look in the trash can you go to a grocery store to find fresh food so if you're interacting with people and you think they're boring as [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like you should just think a little bit about like what is it about them that like you think is boring and why why is it that you're thinking about why do you find them boring like try to engage them in a real conversation and start by a couple of softball questions like you know do you take this train often do you do you close the blinds when you sleep like you can start with like easy ones to put them at ease and then you can ask them the real like heavy hitters that get get you like really knowing them as a person which is do you wipes thing or sanding and and then then you know then you're done no but I think really just try to understand that most people have like relatively interesting lives or relevant relatively interesting internal experiences of life and try to engage them on that level try to find out what they're interested about so if you want to be interested in someone get them talking about what they're interested about they could be really fascinating like if someone's passionate about like fishing like I don't care about fishing but I have a friend who's really likes to fish and it's really cool to hear him talk about fishing like you learned something you know if there are people who are interested in something get them get them talking about what they're interested in you'll probably learn something you'll probably more be more interesting I'd love to go deep-sea fishing in the Caribbean it's just not something that you know I don't I didn't grow up fishing is it true that someone will like you more if you let them talk about themselves versus you do the talking I think generally speaking yes like I don't think that so I think you have to be careful about the phrasing of that question is it true someone will like you more if you them talk about themselves versus you do the talking so I think you have to be careful because you can't really make someone like you so you should step away from the idea that if you do X Y or Z that a particular person will like you at the same time I think that a lot of people in conversation tend to be pretty narcissistic case in point I'm just talking to myself for two hours and I love it right this is fun for me so I think the big problem is that a lot of people are very narcissistic like a lot of extroverts are very narcissistic and as a result the general advice that people tend to give about how to be successful is targeted at a minority of the population which are extroverts and narcissistic so a lot of times people you know if you get people let people talk about themselves I think that's really the better thing it's not so much yeah like you said let them talk about themselves so if they want to talk about themselves let them talk about themselves but it's not making them talk about themselves sometimes people go too far and they're like drilling people with questions because they get this idea okay people need to talk about themselves and then they'll like me so if I want to be like liked in a social interaction I need to drill people with questions so let is yeah you use the word lab so I think use the right word and so I think let is the prime word right so you engage someone in a conversation that allows them to talk about themselves and if they feel so inclined you let them but if they're introverted and prefer to hear other people talk then you pay attention to that and you notice it and then you start talking the other thing that you can do you know we were talking about this in recovery coach training is you can just call attention to what is and so for example you know if you're at a party and you don't know anyone you can walk up to people and say hey my name is all oak I'm a friend of so-and-so's but I just realized like I thought that he was gonna invite different people but I realized I don't know anyone at this party nice to meet you period how do you think that goes across right that's great so if you're both introverted what you should do is you should walk up to someone and you could tell them hey is it okay if I stand here and not talk to you for a little bit can we just hang together and listen to music try that or you could you could go to a party and you can say yeah so how three nine seven nine it says I really dislike how the world is centered around extroverts even the workplace are there ways to make it more advantageous for introverts yeah so you should you should understand that like the world only thinks it's designed for extroverts and if you're an introvert you just have to play to your strengths so you don't have to try to be an extrovert you just need to understand that your strengths are different and then you can engage people just as well like you can get promoted so I'll give you guys kind of a couple of examples from my clinical practice so I was working with a guy who was concerned that he wasn't gonna get promoted because he doesn't as he puts it fill the room when he when he's like in it so like he works with other colleagues and like one of his colleagues does a really good job at like what he calls filling the room so their presence is like known anytime they're in the room they are they're like they're loud they're boisterous they come across as confident they make jokes they're likable and so this person was concerned because there's they're up for promotion so it's it's the introvert versus this guy and he's concerned that the other dudes gonna win because he's just like like this my patient was kind of my patient was kind of like intimidated and was concerned that he was going to get passed over for promotion so the more that we were talking about it it's not that my patient had a problem connecting with other people they just didn't want to be like loud in front of a room and so what my patient is really good at has good relationships around the office as long as they're one-on-one because they're really good at like going and grabbing coffee with a co-worker or grabbing lunch like as long as it's small intimate situations and so I think if you're an introvert just understand that like you can still get most of the things that extroverts get not by necessarily becoming an extrovert but just by playing To Your Strengths so if you're like lobbying to get promoted which you need to do is have small interactions with individual people and and like have there gonna be like way more meaningful and when it comes time to like reviews or like when your boss starts asking your coworkers like they're gonna speak very highly of you and then people are saying that you can have a big presence if you're an introvert absolutely so I have a big presence and I'm an introvert right so it's a skill that you can learn so I love like I mean I love being at home for a week and doing absolutely nothing I don't have to see another human being I'd be fine on a desert island for a week by myself and if you if you're an introvert just understand that your strength isn't in the one-on-one right it's kind of like you know there's like solo queue and there's part EQ it's not like one is better than the other if you like to solo queue solo queue you can still play the game if you so look you like it's not Q the way you want to and that's just how it is

  Top Comments:
  1. @OVORICK1 [3 likes]: 2024 still no friends
  2. @dianalove539 [3 likes]: Regular unplanned social exposure is the first thing u need for friendship 
Second thing is common cause
  3. @dr00skee47 [2 likes]: I’d want to know more about how to network through existing friends. Because you can meet people you’d really like to be friends with, but then you don’t have any way to have unplanned contact with them.
  4. @SammyxSweetheart.02 [2 likes]: 0:06 

“Im not gonna be a normie”23:08
  5. @julianatanasov5601 [2 likes]: Let's all agree that it's damn near impossible and just move on. There is no solution.
  6. @ricitosdecobre__ [1 likes]: Why have I blocked myself from making new friends? For 3 years I tried diferent activities and never got closer to anyone. It's just like I'm in defensive mode since I had a bad experience with the biggest liar and narcissist I ever met.
  7. @eghanshith4814 [1 likes]: 1. Regular unplanned interaction
2. Common cause
3. Playing board games or any real-life games
4. Have a healthy humor (don't cross their personal boundaries) 
5. Gamers get anxious in social situations because they don't understand body language.
  8. @Eric_The_Greatest: This has to be the most unhinged video on this channel lmao
  9. @SpunkeyMonkeyJess: Lol. Fuckin Normie 😅
  10. @sedwards7428: 11 minutes: you do not address how to change the situation .
  11. @sedwards7428: As one ages, it is harder.  People have less need to go out.  For those that do not see people at work, it is more difficult. As we go to clubs or volunteer, we are concentrating on the tasks....then people go home to their people /pet ....
  12. @thismakesnosense: ‎
  13. @milarosenrot: I feel like I’m an AI trying to learn how to be human in this channel lmao
  14. @st8tch790: 1. Exposure without pressure 
2. Common Goal
  15. @soulofexistence: "What does F mean?" lmao
  16. @Pung_Fungler: What the hell is wrong with 6 day old Mac n cheese that’s been reheated 6 times? Whatever, see yall on the left side of the road, normie fucks
  17. @HunnyBakedHammes: I make casual friends with gas station cashiers pretty well due to being a coffee addict lol. It also helps to be a night Owl cuz then they have more time to chat an they'll often chat you up an break the ice. It helps if you have a dog too 😂 most people love dogs.
  18. @DeadCat-42: My one social skill, making friends.  After my divorce I moved 1100 miles from home to avoid accidently seeing her. 

So I had to give up on my lifetime of friendships and my family. 

I lived alone in a forest and didn't speak with anyone for the first few years. I then went back to college and joined a bunch of activities and made a bunch of new friends..

After graduation I moved again and lost contact so im starting over alone again. 


Fortunately we mice a lot growing up, usually every few months . My mom tried to keep me in the same school moving close by but I still went to nine different public schools..

So I learned not to invest to much effort into anything ad it will always get taken away.
  19. @skeevymcgee8507: My favorite stranger question/game is "Soup, salad, or sandwich" premise is, all things in existence can be categorized into one of these bucket categories. Where does ___ fall in being a soup, salad, or sandwich?
  20. @animefurry3508: So you need funtional public spaces, the third places, that thing that neo-liberalism has killed in the west.

Remember anytime some one brings up psychology, politics is looming in the background ignored.

- How to make friends: Kind: captions Language: en if you're feeling a little lonely you want some friends you want to spice up your life whatever the case may be I got you so number one if you want to meet new people you got to go around more people you're not going to meet the love of your life you're not going to meet your friends in your bedroom it just ain't happening you got to go around people so with that being said you got to understand who you are as a person and what kind of friends you want like if you're a bookworm you probably shouldn't be in a nightclub trying to find friends unless you want to get into that life so figure out who you are first are you a person that you would want to be friends with what do you have you know that you can add to somebody's life what what about you add to somebody's life but just because you do certain things and other people don't do it don't make you less D like I said if you're a bookworm you probably shouldn't be trying to find friends in a nightclub you should probably go to a library you can join a little book club you you might the lady giving out library cards might think y'all you know compatible to be friends you know for the L y'all might find a dude in the book club it just don't matter you got to know what type of people you want to be around know who you are know your crowd and then go towards that crowd if you're in a nightclub the same thing appli if you're a party animal you probably not going to find your favorite people in the library that don't mean it's it's not going to happen but it's just not likely know who you are know what you're looking for and go towards that so being around people finding those shared activities those shared interests that is a good way to start but also understand that just because two people or multiple people are doing the same thing that don't make y'all compatible a lot of my friends do things or they live a certain way that I wouldn't live but that don't make us you know less than better than each other it's just the way it is some people do things that I don't agree with but those core values those beliefs still are rock solid and that's what allows us to be friends that humor level it's just certain things and it it just it is what it is but finding out who you want to be around and going to those places you might find somebody on the hiking trail like yo bro that's some pretty cool shoes they pretty comfortable he like yeah bro I got them from here and here and here he like bro I like that shirt that's some of the best friendships ever do you know how many friendships I got from a simple compliment and I'm going to use that word very lightly because everybody who compliments me everybody I interact with is not my friend but they're cool people and I can acknowledge them as somebody I know but I like to keep a small circle and you you have to do more than compliment me to be a friend but it's a good start but I have worn certain jackets certain pieces of clothes like like spam them because I knew people was going to compliment them and mostly everybody who complimented my stuff they had that same vibe that I was looking for that free spirit you know and I would purposely wear those things because I knew I was going to have cool people compliment me and I would be able to connect with them did I make all those people my friends absolutely not but those things can go a long way being in the right place I wouldn't say it the right time but we'll just say it just just for the the role of the tongue being in the right place at the right time and just being open and receptive to things seeing things you might see somebody you might like that shirt you come yo bro that's a cool shirt man what up my dog y'all might sit there and chill out the whole night you know what I'm saying y'all might become friends at school and start walking to class together and then they introduce you to these people and you introduce them to these people and things just happen but it's all about being in the right place and doing those things to get friends you got to be around people and you got to do something you just can't be over in the corner of the room just looking expecting somebody going to want to be your friend you got to make some type of initiative but it's not as hard as people think now also understand that everybody you meet is not going to be your friend and please do not force yourself into friendships just because you are lonely just because somebody compliment you and you feel like they could be your friend that don't mean they going to be your friend so don't force that upon yourself do a little bit of you know analysis and things like that and figure out if they worthy of being your friend but that that leads me you know to the the point of just people remembering you when you add value to their life when you listen to people when you compliment people when you invite people to things people remember that everybody knows how or I hope everybody knows just for that character development everybody knows how bad it feels to be the third friend in the group of three that feels horrible but when that one person you know you tying your shoes and everybody walking away from you and they wait for you my God that person who always always purposely includes you in the conversation because they know that you feel left out my God those are the people that make the best friends you can be that person somebody can be that person for you those are the people that you're going to Value the most because they care about how you feel you add something to their life they going to add something to your life those are your best friends now I remember I received a compliment from one of my greatest friends I will never forget this I could have dementia I would never forget this this but one of my Bros told me man man you make life interesting said huh he said bro you make life interesting the way you talk the way you think it's like it just adds something to life like that's why I mess with you I said bro thank you thank you we was just having a normal conversation but it's those things people that can make you feel good when you have the opportunity to Big somebody up when you have the opportunity to uplift somebody's Spirit make them feel heard listen to them bro that is the greatest thing you do you can do now what you don't want to do is get ran over just because somebody say something you agreeing with it and just because somebody believes something you believe in it no stand on your own and have a backbone but stroking one's ego making somebody feel heard listening to people oh it is a cheat code to being cool with people to forming friendships relationships anything like that it's all about adding value to somebody's life that is the basic recipe for having a friendship or getting friends getting relationships being around people interacting with them adding value to their life it's literally that simple be around people interact with people add value to their life you do that you going to have friends so when school is out but if you in school you know you want to be cool with somebody give them a simple compliment a simple what's up it's easy for dudes we literally like yo what's up bro fist bump now we cool it is what it is you know what I'm saying when you're trying to be friends with ladies it's a little bit different but I value my female relationships you know what I'm saying Females Be Cool females be tripping dudes be tripping too dudes be acting like females females be acting like dudes everybody be tripping it's life but you know what I'm saying I know where I stand with my people I mess with my people and making friends is not that hard you know what I'm saying it's uh it's pretty easy we make it a little bit too hard on ourselves but quality is better than quantity I will say that one good friend is better than 10 garbage ones it's just that simple so let that be your relief you know if you feel like you're striking out and you're not making friends and you don't have a bunch of friends cool you know how much energy you can save about not having 20 people that don't have your best interest in mine it's a good thing be your own friend treat yourself like a friend everything you want to do for a friend do that for yourself and I gu rante you'll have a friend it'll never leave you it'll be yourself and somebody want to be around that eventually it'll be all right though but yeah that's the best way I could put it be in the right place interact with people and always set yourself up you know for growth you go out with some friends yo bro when I'm going to see you again you know what I'm saying what y'all doing this weekend set it up exchange those contacts if you meet somebody and you don't have contact to them how you expect to do anything it's just that simple but yeah bro let's be friends I love you take care of yourself go meet some people go do something go hiking this weekend go fishing this weekend go to the gym talk to somebody you never know where to take you and you never know who know who and you never know who somebody is until you know that'll take you a long way in life a long way I stopped and had a conversation with with somebody one time and found out they was a producer they played guitar they played piano offer me free guitar piano lessons I still have that contact anytime I need it yo bro yo what's up man you never know but that's all I'm going leave you with man I love you I appreciate you y'all take care of yourselves peace out

  Top Comments:
  1. @nvm928 [3 likes]: This shit was beautiful
  2. @Lolita22m [3 likes]: Today was my birthday I turned 19 and didn’t celebrate it bc I was too depressed and have no friends I’m literally suffering so bad bruh 😭
  3. @NATIA-o5p [2 likes]: Who want to make friends with me？😭😭
  4. @angiemuzongo [1 likes]: i have a friend but I don't know for how long, were finishing school soon and the one person I enjoy spending time with might leave me soon. There's this one boy who I've been interested in and am hoping to talk to him after Easter break😶‍🌫️
  5. @Deb-y3x: Later
  6. @Roblox-kid556: thanks but i took your advice of grabbing someone by the arm if you want to be friends and i ended up in jail. ill try again soon
  7. @nashtiktok: 5:22 made me smile
  8. @TysonMichael77: Thank you for this opportunity. It helped me more with human connections
  9. @CalicoSpotz29: You’re so cool but I just wish you’d say girls instead of females it feels so separating, I don’t wanna be that person but yk 😭
  10. @BrisaFernandezantonella: Whenever I go to a disco, I hope to find friends. I like sports.
  11. @Lil_Killer_Boy: i tried doing that but it just fucks up becouse i struggle to open up and having lesson to make friends and no one understands
  12. @CherieHays-m7w: Love his message and delivery! Going to show this to my high school students.  Keep making this great, elevated content please! :)
  13. @ХаматоваПолина: iam crying right now bc i just dont understand how to make friends in a new country. I have been here for 2 years and stil have 2-3 not very close ppl(we just chat sometimes and nether going out). When i was in my country i was...more open even then i moving out from town to town. Now iam 20 i think i lost all my social skills bc i feel stressed than iam out for a walk...
  14. @LoganGrogg-y6i: W vid
  15. @pokesuko: idk where to go besides a fucking bar
  16. @that1manface: Anyone wanna be friends?
  17. @lemondrop3020: love the video i just detest when men or some women say females because that is so dehumanizing omg every animal on earth that is a girl is a female just say woman
  18. @HaHaHaHolowence: That's wrong. No matter what one does, if they don't have money, they'll never be truly liked.
  19. @efeqc: Damn bro you seem like such a cool dude. Your advice means a lot.
  20. @ChrisSpectacular.1442: What makes you qualified to give advice. You look quite young. I like your advice by the way.

- How I learned to make more friends: Kind: captions Language: en - I've been very blessed to have had some absolutely amazing friendships in my life. And while many of them have come and gone, some of them got married, some of them moved town, one of them became a priest, actually. (crowd laughing) But anyways. All the amazing friends in my life have taught me something about what it means to be me. Because I think you view yourself through the eyes of other people, especially people you're close with. So I think it's really important to surround yourself with the right people, to form your tribe with intention. You wanna surround yourself with people who make you a better person. And for the most part those types of relationships are gonna be friendships, but you don't get quality friendships by following a step-by-step action plan or something like that. Some of the best relationships I've ever had in my life seem to have just randomly happened when I wasn't really expecting it whatsoever. So needless to say with this video I'm not interested in giving you a step-by-step guide as to how to make everyone want to be your friend, or anything like that, because I think that's kind of futile and dumb. But I do wanna talk about some really useful things that I've learned throughout my life, that have really helped me make friends easier and make higher quality friends. And overall just connect with people a lot more genuinely. ♪ Somebody sexy, tell 'em hey ♪ ♪ Give me ev-- ♪ - The number one tip that I have is to always assume initiative. So back when I was like 15 or 16 years old I was browsing Reddit self-improvement forums and stuff like that. I was on like r/socialskills and I came across this post that pretty much changed my entire life. I've been looking everywhere for this one post, but I can't find it anywhere. So if someone can help me out with this, that'd be great. But in the post, there was this guy who talked about how he didn't have very many friends, and the friends that he did have were starting to fade away and he didn't know why. He was kind of a loner, kind of an introvert, and all these friends started to just drift away from him, and he was getting really upset. Until the very last friend that he had finally stopped calling him. Angry, confused, and saddened by this, this Reddit poster runs up to his friend and says, "Dude, where'd you go? "Why'd you stop calling me? "Why don't you invite me to stuff anymore?" And his friend turned to him and simply said, "It's 'cause you don't invite me anywhere. "I figured you didn't like hanging out with me." And this really kind of changed my perspective because I just never invited people anywhere. I always waited for the invitation. I was always sitting there on my butt, wondering why nobody was inviting me to cool parties and stuff. And I eventually realized that I wasn't making any effort whatsoever to make plans and call people up, invite them to stuff. If you don't have very many friends and you tend to not do things very often and you wanna be someone who does things with people, then take control. Just like any other aspect of your life, if you wanna change something it's up to you because it's your life. So take control of your social life as well. Always assume initiative. If you wanna do something fun, come up with an idea, invite the person to that idea. If they don't wanna come to that idea, leave 'em be. Is that recording? - [Man] I recorded you peeing. - Did you? - [Man] Yeah. - Okay, so the next big thing that I've learned is that honesty is the antidote. One of the biggest pitfalls in any social interaction is the fear of voicing your opinion, or being controversial, or politically incorrect, or offensive. But this fear really has to go if anybody is to know who you are in this world. Because so many people are so agreeable, they're extremely careful about every little thing they say, they're making sure they're not hurting anyone's feelings. They're making sure that they're laughing at everyone's jokes. They're being very pleasant. And what this eventually does is that you tend to be seen by a large amount of people as, oh yeah, he's nice. People are kinda, they don't really know you but you're unoffensive to them so you're okay to have around. You'll be liked by everyone, but loved by no one. So if you're the kind of person who doesn't ever want to make any sort of waves, or make anyone feel uncomfortable, and you find it really hard to make it past kind of a surface level acquaintanceship with most people, then that's probably the reason. By not voicing your true opinions, by not speaking honestly about things that you're passionate about, or things that you've learned, or standing up for what's right, you're basically concealing your identity from people. And people don't tend to bond with people that they don't know at all. Especially people who they don't trust. I feel like everybody has a few people in their life that when they come across them in a grocery store, or something like that, you have the exact same conversation every single time. "Hey man, how's it goin'? "Oh yeah that's cool, how's the hockey team goin'? "Oh yeah, sweet yeah. "So you gettin' on the ice a lot? "Oh, that's good man, that's good man. "Yeah, your wife's family's all good? "Oh, that's good, that's good. "Well, I'm gonna let you go I gotta get running, "but great running into you, "I'll see you some other time." I feel like I have that conversation with like eight to 10 people in my life. Usually just people I play hockey with So I'm not saying you need to get past that stage with every single person that you meet in this world, and form deep friendships with everybody you lock eyes with. But what I am saying is that if you're interested in forming deeper relationships with people then you have to be willing to kinda break out of that small talk, ask questions you're actually curious about, and that you might think is like a weird thing to ask, but if you wanna ask it, just get good at just asking it. When you say something that's controversial and polarizing, people can do either two things. They can either really bond with what you're saying and be like, "Yeah, man, that's awesome. "I totally agree." Or they can be like, "I'm outta here. "This guy's cracked." And both of those things are a really good thing because of my next point, which is rejection is a very useful tool. When you communicate honestly, when you wear your opinions on your sleeve, when you're not afraid to be controversial and be who you are in front of other people, then you're inevitably gonna make a lot of people run the other way because they completely disagree with you. And that's a very good thing because you can find out very quickly who the people who are actually staying are. And the people who are staying are probably people who you can actually bond with. And I was thinking about this the other day, because I think rejection is like an inevitable thing that always happens if people are incompatible. And it can either happen right away, or it happens very gradually over the course of a very painful and toxic relationship. A quick rejection is one where one person starts talking and the other person starts talking, you don't vibe with that person at all so you kinda go the other way and you never talk with that person again. That's an acute rejection. From a dating perspective, you walk up to a girl, or a guy, or whoever you're approaching and you're all like, "Hey baby." And then they're like, "Nah, get out of here. "You suck, you smell, your breath is bad, I don't like you." And then that's it. You're like, ah okay, that kinda sucks. But fair enough, I should probably brush my teeth. That's an acute rejection, and you never have to talk with that person again. But that's what happens when people are being honest. They're saying what they mean. One person's like, "Hey, I'm interested in bonding with you." The other person's like, "No, go away." And then they split up. I think that's absolutely perfect. It's honest, communication, clear cut results. But a gradual rejection is something that people don't really think about a lot. And I think it's when two people are incompatible but neither of them are very good at communicating honestly. So these two types of people might actually get into a friendship or a relationship, and then find out later down the road that they actually don't really like each other at all, and they resent tons of things about them. So they start to become bitter at each other, and start to get mad at their fundamental differences. Start to get petty about little things like, if they leave a banana on the table and you lash out at them. But you're not really lashing out of the banana, you're lashing out of the fact that you disagree about religious and political things. But you never sorted it out to begin with and now you have to deal with all this like drama later. It's just an absolute mess. But usually that only happens because two parties aren't really communicating very honestly at the beginning. They can't see the differences right off the bat, evaluate them, and then realize, you know what, this person's so much different than me, This is probably gonna cause a lot of pain and turmoil down the road so I'm just gonna split before it gets too deep. So if someone's incompatible with you, rejection and no matter what. It can either happen right away, or way down the road. So opt for honest communication and quick rejection. (chuckling) This is probably the most un-fun, unflattering social interaction advice of all time. Hey, it's Better Ideas here, here's how to get rejected nine times outta 10. So this last bit of advice is all about demographics. And I picked up this bit of information from "Models" by Mark Manson, which is actually a book about dating, and relationships, and stuff like that. But this honestly applies to friendships or any kind of relationship that you want to enter into. So a lot of people complain that they can't meet anyone like them. They're a special little snowflake, they have their own little interests and hobbies. Maybe they have some weird hobbies, and interests, and pretty strange opinions. And they lament because they can never find their tribe, their people. People who think exactly like them, people they can just hit it off with and have a great time. They can spew all their bizarre opinions about whatever, together. But people get sad because they can't find people who get them. Well, a lot of people look in the most general places, the most general public venues of all time for their soulmate, their best friend. They're not actually evaluating what interests they have, what values they hold, and going to the places where those people exist. You want to increase your chances of finding people that you connect with. That's just basic demographics, it's statistics. Come on. If you're religious start actually going to that church young adults group that you've been avoiding. There are a lot of people who think like you in that group. If you're into sports, you're really athletic, then join an intramural or communal sports team. Start to get involved with the extracurricular events and the little optional group meetups and stuff like that. Go where your people are. There are people who share your hobbies and your passions, go there. But sometimes you might not have a crazy proficiency in every single one of your hobbies. So you're afraid that if you go to one of those group meetups, like a photography club, everyone's gonna laugh at you because you suck. You're not good at all, you should probably put down the camera and never take a picture again. But luckily if you use today's video sponsor, Skillshare, that'll never happen to you. Skillshare is an online learning community with thousands of classes covering dozens of topics. Everything from photography, to cinematography, to cooking, to coding, even How to Hone Your Voice Online with Nathaniel Drew, which is the class that I've most recently taken. And it's honestly such a great class especially for people who have been dabbling with the idea of starting a YouTube channel or a blog. Maybe you see some of your favorite YouTubers, and you think to yourself, maybe I can do that. Well, a great place to start to give you the right tools and mindset to be able to tackle that obstacle is Nathaniel Drew's class. His class, like so many other classes on Skillshare are designed to be extremely practical. So whatever you learn on Skillshare you can easily apply it to your real life pursuits. And it's so affordable, especially when you compare it to in-person classes and workshops. If you pay for the annual membership, it comes in at less than $10 a month. And Skillshare is doing this awesome thing where for a limited time only, if you use my link in the description below, you click it, you get a free trial to Skillshare premium. Which means right now, if you click the link you can check out Nathaniel Drew's class for free, as well as all the other classes on Skillshare. So make sure you take advantage of that link, learn something new, explore your creativity, and as usual, have a great time. If you liked this video, make sure to hit like, because when you hit like the algorithm blesses me and it shoves my bald head into other people's homepages, helping them out, potentially helping them make friends and stuff. It helps me out too, so it's kind of a win-win for everybody. So if you just hit that like, the world is a better place instantly. If you're lurking here and this is the billionth time that you've seen my face and you haven't hit subscribe yet, make sure to hit subscribe and hit the bell icon so that you get notified when I upload new content. We also have a Facebook page, an Instagram page, a subreddit, and I just did a subreddit reaction video on my second channel. I'll put the link in the description so you can check that out. If you haven't noticed already, actually, the backdrop kinda looks like my old place, but I'm in my new place now, getting some stability. There's another video coming out like less than a week from now, two weeks from now, there's also lots of activity on the second channel coming up, but there also has been a little bit before. So if you need more content and Better Ideas isn't enough, and you wanna see me more, go to the second channel where there's more content. Catch you next.

  Top Comments:
  1. @j0ker577 [2 likes]: This video reflects exactly what I'm going through. I also, most of the time, wait for invitations instead of initiating one. And I'm in the same situation too. Everyone I knew didn't hate me, but they didn't love me either, so I soon realized that being a 10 to some close people is much better than being a 5 or 6 to everyone. Staying such a floater friend would make everyone take me as "not that important), (except for my family, obviously).
  2. @b13m4rk [1 likes]: Around february 26
Me, 17yo

Dear YT, 
I feel like I'm getting out of a depressive time (since I was 14 or so). I want to change something.
It is like he described it: Me sitting alone at home, and my friends are there because of school, but they don't talk to me much. It may be that I also have never talked to them much. That is a thing. I'm going to change that. I asked a view of them to hang out the next weekend and I will asked two others to learn with my at my home (that is important because they feel like I'm offering, that I'm inviding them) for the next exam.
And the second thing is that I'll ask some about Fasnacht (German festival) that I can attend at it which I haven't done for 8 years.
I hope I'm getting social again...

O wait, I will write them now...
(A few moments later) I wrote 6 people, one (that moved away) instantly wrote me and he has a schoolar concert to do..., for the others (what they are normaly up to) I asked to learn for school, play basketball together and about Fasnacht.

I will update when something changes in my life...
Thanks for reading :)

8.4.26

yeah, two rejections from girls in two months but I‘m trying though
  3. @r3al_tips [1 likes]: I have 2 „friends“ that are toxic and fake and I know I shouldn‘t be hanging out with them, but I literally don‘t have anybody else, so I would be all alone by myself. If I would push them away (Which I will be doing because they treat me like nothing) I would have nobody else left to talk to and I know that being alone is much better than being with fake friends who don’t treat you good at all, but I don‘t want to be alone. But there‘s this one girl in my class which is in a friend group (Which I don‘t have a problem with) and looks at me randomly like every single day but doesn‘t smile, talk to me or anything, and I have a feeling that she‘s not interested in me (I kinda wanna be friends with her) and on the other side I feel like she wants to talk to me, but just doesn‘t. I did talk to her a while ago, and on the next day she didn’t talk to me anymore. Should I talk to her again or not? Could anybody please give me advice?
  4. @arpitdahiya4262 [1 likes]: Thanku 
My Bald Teacher 

😂❤
  5. @samueltannerito: I’m autistic and I really struggle to make friends and even when i do, i’ve had maybe a good 30 in my life and i always lose them within 2 months. I had one close friend and I absolutely loved her, we were so close for 4 years and then she went missing. It absolutely broke me and I’m still not healed 6 months later and I’ve tried so hard to make friends online as i can’t go out but i just can’t bond with someone the same way i did with her.
  6. @dhuhabariysa6869: 10:47 that was a solid transition lol
  7. @MXYV01: Does anyone know if betterideas ever wrote a book? I think it would be a must read
  8. @MXYV01: Does anyone know if betterideas ever wrote a book? I think it would be a must read
  9. @Ali_1201-d5v: Bro, nothing works. I've watched so many videos like this, but nothing works. Now I'm going to watch videos about how to Enjoying being alone
  10. @amjad007-h1d: valuable insights. Thank you for sharing them with us! ❤
  11. @TimKuat: I know it's five years later but I wanted to add one thing, yes initiate stuff and plan things out but do it sparingly. In my life i was actually the one that initiated everything and minute i stopped no one even tried to reciprocate what i put in. Tbh, i've lost all my friends because of it. But that's just it, if they aren't putting in effort either you shouldn't have them as friends because are they really friends if they don't invite you to stuff as well?
  12. @ryze2499: All of this is nice but how about if everyone around you is a different race than you are? 🤔 the advice just falls flat
  13. @jp.fromuk: I have made social group on WhatsApp if anyone what's to join your welcome to join are group its getting bigger all I ask is respect each other
  14. @MayaLina18357: You don't need "more friends" you need genuine lifelong connections that won't fade.
  15. @Sadie-iw7vc: The main thing for me is to just, talk to people that you wanna talk to. If you see someone at work or school, just talk to them. I know its easier said then done and it takes practice. But it honestly changed my life.
  16. @akifmahmood1969: 6:50 I Think he addressed an Indian there LOL !
  17. @alexzarey2579: 👌
  18. @kailashsinghthakur933: Please hindi audio provided
  19. @ATWTMVTVFTVSGAVRALPS: 5:04
  20. @8Dmusicyeeaa: Okay and what if someone asks how many friends you have? What are you supposed to be honest and say "oh yeah im a loser with no friends"? 😭

- Dealing With A Parent With Dementia - Louis Theroux: Extreme Love - Dementia - BBC: Kind: captions Language: en my journey began here at Beatitudes a retirement community with a specialist unit for people with dementia I don't know where she is if she's okay a resident on the second floor called Janet cell had seen an intruder Janet who was yelling at you the woman that was in here she was climbing in her pajamas and going she was in that room I don't know where she could have gone so fast well if you see her again let her know or you can push your button dor Grant is in charge of the unit you think that was a hallucination I do believe so you why could it not be a real person I don't have any other small female skinny running around in their jammies right now another Resident and that can't move that fast either so yeah it's probably hallucination well it is a hallucination Janet was a new arrival at Beatitudes her daughter Nancy came to see how she was settling in do you like the chair mom pardon do you like the chair do I like the chair yes very much so so your mom just moved in yesterday is that right yes and how did that go well it was pretty emotional uh in the morning it was very very difficult when we told her she was coming and how did you get to the point of feeling she needed to be here she walked away from the house one day and she didn't know where she was and nobody knew where she was and so that was the end of my being able to take care of her because I couldn't keep her safe anymore course I keep thinking you know she likes to go out a lot but we aren't allowed to go out we don't have a car once your car was taken away was that quite a big thing for you it was terrible and it still is and Nancy says I cannot get my car back my mom I hope knows that love her very much and that the reason that I'm doing these things is to keep her safe and um I hope she remembers that see if you just leave me alone I do all good things by myself yeah at any point did you kind of say to Janet you know this is basically where you'll be living now um not not yesterday before we left no it wasn't until and and we really actually haven't said that Ive not said that to her at all um do not talk about say she's not in the room okay include her in or don't have a yeah she's not saying when when can I go home or anything she's not but she is under the impression she's here temporarily she is but so is Sonia her roommate and the half of the people here yeah they all think they're going it's just such a transition to take him from what they're so used to to put him in a new setting it's okay to tell I guess there'd be White Lies is that the right ter yes we do it all the time right yeah we tell white lies all day long here all day

  Top Comments:
  1. @lynnepackington1138 [2 likes]: Most people think it’s only memory loss. It’s 5 and a half years looking after my husband who has Alzheimer’s and vascular dementia. Nobody mentions the incontinence, the not sleeping, the soiling of carpets and destruction of our home. He’s living the life of Riley, he gets everything done for him. Yes he’s okay. It’s time somebody told the truth. Everybody has a relative who has this so they think they know everything. The only way you know is living with it 24 hours every day 7 days every week, year in year out. Believe me for me and my sons it a living hell.
  2. @internetmail3888 [2 likes]: The most important thing when dealing with dementia patients is to understand they cannot function at the same pace as others with simple tasks and requests. Even holding a conversation can take a lot of effort and people expecting them to do everyday simple things correctly and promptly destroys the patients quality of life. Dementia patients need a lot of peace and quite time more than anything else in between time set aside for activity. Placing simple demands on the dementia patient is often like depriving them of sleep whilst shouting demands at them when they are exhausted.
  3. @rogeronthesouthfork175 [2 likes]: We've dealth with this quite a bit. When our loved one went to a facility, we were honest and told her this was her new home- that the Lord had provided a good and safe place where she'd cared for. It has been a bumby ride for a year but she knows she's in a good place and is well cared for. We are so thankful for good nurses, CNAs, housekeeping and food service who work so hard every day to provide for our loved ones when they have reached a place we can no longer care for their multiple needs
  4. @onthehill3381 [1 likes]: I’m going to stockpile sleeping pills in case I get the diagnosis. Taking care of my mom is shear hell.
  5. @corysleeger1574 [1 likes]: I used to work in a Nursing home who took care of patients like her and we had to tell lies all the time. One lady would ask if I have seen her mom and also ask about reserving the auditorium. Her mom dies 20 years before that and we don't have an auditorium
  6. @antwto8784: Gotta be so heartbreaking seeing your beloved parent like that but at the same thing her mom lived to a good long age.
  7. @gilbertorodriguez1066: I’m in transition
  8. @carartist127: Don,t laugh but its possible she saw someone,Probably lots have passed there
  9. @thebewitchinghour831: What is wrong with this guy?  You don't bring up their new permanent living conditions right in front of them.  He's not very good at deflecting at all.
  10. @CURTEAR67: I'm watching this trying to get other perspectives... I take care of my mother 85 (dementia) ... I'm 58 never been married, and moved in a year ago to help out ... She's gotten worse within the last year...  We just try to take things one day at a time... She's not to the point of walking out the door, and wonder off ... She feels still very much in control of her house!? The hardest thing is to get her to do something,when she outranks me, because she's "mom" and what she says goes ... It's her house dammit
  11. @jomama5186: ✝️🧡🙏🏻
  12. @beaulieuc8910: this is exactly it... lots of white lies, it is so diffcult
  13. @jobond3317: Yes, never dismiss someone. It's insulting and rude.
  14. @chrissanto2613: Approved only days ago
  15. @chrissanto2613: Australia has a miracle drug
  16. @chrissanto2613: new drug called donanemab (brand name Kisunla) has been approved in Australia for the treatment of early-stage Alzheimer's disease. This is the first drug in Australia to show it can significantly slow the progression of Alzheimer's, but it's only for those with a specific genetic profile in the early stages of the disease. The drug works by targeting amyloid proteins in the brain, which are believed to contribute to Alzheimer's. 
Here's a more detailed breakdown:
  17. @lloydrobertevanswalesuk: My mother has just been diagnosed with  dementia  its hard for a working indvidual trying to help his mother when other family members don't what to know i been doing it all repairs on her old abandoned house trying to take on deputyship roll and other things my family forget I getting bullied and manipulated by my nightmare neighbour noting gets done i work hard for what little i have i just can't live my own life anymore it does get to you when you got problems and there others who just make it harder and take away your 5mins off i guess there just sick people in this world and I mean pure 😈 evil
  18. @ricknorris1466: The White Lies are one of the hardest parts. They can leave the siblings with tons of guilt.
  19. @Llyrdriel: Having to take my mom’s car away was heartbreaking bc dementia kept her from understanding why.
  20. @ForgetMeNotCottageEst.1890: Dementia Australia’s podcast 🎧 hold the moment is very helpful, also the imperfects, Jim Rogers on YouTube 📺 a life bigger than dementia, very insightful 😊

- Full Episode: “Children of the System” (Ep. 405) | Our America with Lisa Ling | OWN: Kind: captions Language: en Ling: 25-YEAR-OLD SHANNON HAS LOST HER BABY GIRL. FOUR NIGHTS AGO, SHE TOOK HER TO A RESTAURANT, AND SHE HASN'T SEEN HER SINCE. SOME OF THE CUSTOMERS NOTICED THAT I WAS ACTING A LITTLE BIT OFF. I WAS APPROACHED BY TWO OFFICERS. THEY DECIDED TO TAKE ME TO JAIL. MOTHER APPARENTLY HAD A BAG FULL OF DIFFERENT MEDICATIONS. Ling: SHANNON'S CHILD IS NOW IN THE HANDS OF THE LOS ANGELES DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES -- D.C.F.S. DO YOU THINK THAT YOU DESERVED TO HAVE YOUR DAUGHTER TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU? YEAH. [ CRYING ] WITH THAT SAID, I DO THINK THAT I DESERVE ANOTHER CHANCE, THOUGH. [ SOBBING ] Ling: WHAT HAPPENS WHEN A PARENT PUTS THEIR CHILD AT RISK, WHEN THE STATE BECOMES RESPONSIBLE FOR THE FUTURE OF A FAMILY? LOS ANGELES COUNTY HAS THE LARGEST FOSTER CARE SYSTEM IN THE COUNTRY, BUT IT'S BEEN DESCRIBED AS A SYSTEM IN CRISIS. Woman: WHAT DO WE WANT? Protestors: CHILD SAFETY! WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Protestors: NOW! Ling: WE'VE BEEN GIVEN AN UNPRECEDENTED LOOK INSIDE A SYSTEM THAT IS UNDER FIRE, STRUGGLING TO CARE FOR THOUSANDS OF CHILDREN. WE'LL EXPLORE WHAT'S GONE WRONG... EVERY WORKER FEELS THIS SENSE OF HAVING NO SUPPORT. Ling: ...AND WHAT THE SYSTEM IS GETTING RIGHT, FROM SOCIAL WORKERS ON THE FRONT LINES... I'M CALLING FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES. I NEED THE POLICE REGARDING ALLEGATIONS OF CHILD ABUSE. Ling: TO FOSTER PARENTS WHO STEP IN AT A MOMENT'S NOTICE... THEY NEED TO FEEL SAFE. THEY NEED TO KNOW THAT THEY'RE LOVED. I KNOW YOU KNOW THAT WORD. Ling: TO MOTHERS FIGHTING TO PUT THEIR FAMILIES BACK ON TRACK. DID YOU FEEL GUILTY AS A MOTHER? YES, EVERY DAY. COME HERE. GIVE MOMMY A HUG. THAT'S WHY I WON'T STOP UNTIL I GET THEM BACK. Ling: AMERICA -- IT CAN BE INSPIRING AND BEAUTIFUL. IT CAN ALSO BE DARK AND UGLY. IT'S SO MANY THINGS, BUT IT'S OURS. IT'S OUR AMERICA. -- Captions by VITAC -- www.vitac.com CAPTIONS PAID FOR BY DISCOVERY COMMUNICATIONS Ling: LOS ANGELES COUNTY -- POPULATION 9.9 MILLION. IT'S A DENSE LABYRINTH OF CITIES AND NEIGHBORHOODS COVERING MORE THAN 4,000 SQUARE MILES, AND IT'S HOME TO 2.5 MILLION CHILDREN. WHEN THEIR FAMILIES FAIL TO CARE FOR THEM, IT'S THE JOB OF D.C.F.S. TO STEP IN. [ PHONE RINGS, BEEP ] I'M WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES HOTLINE. HOW YOU DOIN'? Ling: THE CHILD ABUSE HOTLINE RECEIVES AS MANY AS A THOUSAND CALLS A DAY, AND WHEN THERE IS A SUBSTANTIAL THREAT OF DANGER, IT'S A SOCIAL WORKER WHO DRIVES OUT TO INVESTIGATE. SO WHAT DO WE KNOW ABOUT THIS CASE? A MOTHER WAS SPOTTED AT A RESTAURANT UNDER THE INFLUENCE OF SOME TYPE OF SUBSTANCE AND WAS DRIVING WITH HER 10-MONTH-OLD CHILD. Ling: VAISON AND I ARE HEADING TO THE CULVER CITY POLICE STATION, WHERE A MOTHER AND HER BABY HAVE BEEN TAKEN INTO CUSTODY. A MOTHER HERSELF, VAISON HAS SPENT 11 YEARS AS AN EMERGENCY RESPONSE WORKER. I'LL TEXT YOU... YEAH. AS SOON AS I AM READY TO COME OUT. OKAY. OKAY. Ling: SHE'S REMOVED HUNDREDS OF CHILDREN FROM DANGEROUS HOMES, BUT THE DECISION TO SEPARATE A CHILD FROM THEIR PARENT IS NEVER AN EASY ONE. WE'RE NOT ALLOWED TO BRING CAMERAS INTO THE POLICE STATION, SO VAISON HAS GONE IN. SHE'S GOING TO TRY AND TALK TO THE MOTHER AND SEE IF, UH, THEY HAVE ANY RELATIVES IN THE AREA. IF NOT, THERE'S A VERY GOOD CHANCE THAT VAISON WILL BE LEAVING THIS POLICE STATION WITH A BABY IN HER ARMS. DAYLIGHT SLIPS AWAY AS WE WAIT, AND WHEN VAISON EMERGES, SHE'S NOT ALONE. OKAY, WE'RE GONNA GO THIS WAY. [ CAR DOOR OPENS ] I CAN PUT HER IN THERE. LET ME PULL THE FRONT SEAT UP. Ling: THIS IS BABY LILY. SHE'S 10 MONTHS OLD. HER MOTHER IS INSIDE, STILL DETAINED AND STILL UNDER THE INFLUENCE. SHE'S A FORMER HEROIN ADDICT, AND SHE SAID THE COMBINATION OF SOME OF THE MEDICATION THAT SHE'S TAKING HAS LEFT HER LETHARGIC AND PRETTY MUCH OUT OF IT. BUT THE GOOD THING IS, SHE APPEARS TO BE A HAPPY BABY. SHE'S A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE GIRL. YEAH, SHE'S A BEAUTIFUL LITTLE GIRL. Ling: LILY'S MOTHER HAS NO RELATIVES IN THE AREA THAT ARE ABLE TO CARE FOR HER, SO VAISON IS TAKING HER TO THE D.C.F.S. WELCOME CENTER, A FIRST STOP FOR YOUNG CHILDREN ENTERING THE SYSTEM. [ LILY FUSSING ] AW, WHAT'S WRONG, BABY GIRL? [ CONTINUES FUSSING ] THIS BABY, IN MANY WAYS, IS SORT OF IN LIMBO RIGHT NOW... YEAH. ...FOR THE NEXT 24 HOURS. WHO KNOWS WHERE SHE COULD END UP? I DO KNOW THAT THERE'S A GRANDMOTHER, BUT SHE'S IN UTAH. SHE'S TRYING TO MAKE HER WAY HERE. [ BABBLING ] YOU'RE READY, HUH? I'M GONNA TAKE YOUR BOTTLE. ALL RIGHT. Ling: FROM THE MOMENT D.C.F.S. COMES INTO CONTACT WITH THE CHILD, THEY ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR THEM, WHETHER THEY GO TO LIVE WITH A RELATIVE, ENTER FOSTER CARE, OR RETURN HOME. AND UNTIL D.C.F.S. IS CERTAIN THAT THERE IS A RELATIVE BOTH FIT AND WILLING TO CARE FOR LILY, SHE'LL REMAIN WITH THE COUNTY. THE WELCOME CENTER IS WHERE CHILDREN AGES 12 AND YOUNGER ARE BROUGHT WHILE THEY AWAIT PLACEMENT IN FOSTER CARE. WE'RE HERE. Ling: LIKE BABY LILY, EVERY CHILD HERE IS IN LIMBO, CAUGHT BETWEEN A LIFE THEY KNEW AND A FUTURE THAT IS UNCERTAIN... [ BEEPING ] I'M CALLING TO FIND OUT IF YOU HAVE VACANCY FOR A 10-MONTH-OLD BABY. Ling: A FUTURE THAT NOW LIES IN THE HANDS OF A SOCIAL WORKER AT THE D.C.F.S. COMMAND POST WHOSE JOB IT IS TO WORK THE PHONE BANKS AND FIND THEM A NEW HOME. [ PHONE RINGS ] I WAS TRYING TO SEE IF YOU HAVE A VACANCY FOR A 10-MONTH-OLD BABY. DO YOU KNOW OF ANY OTHER AGENCIES THAT COULD HELP ME? Ling: STATE LAW REQUIRES THAT THE COUNTY FIND PLACEMENT FOR CHILDREN WITHIN 24 HOURS OF BRINGING THEM TO THE WELCOME CENTER, BUT IT CAN OFTEN TAKE MUCH LONGER. AND TONIGHT, THERE ARE EIGHT OTHER CHILDREN OVER THE AGE OF 12 WAITING AT COMMAND POST, A CONVERTED OFFICE BUILDING AND A PLACE OF LAST RESORT. KIDS OVER 12 YEARS OLD WHO ARE AWAITING PLACEMENT HAVE TO COME HERE TO THE COMMAND POST. THERE'S ONE KID WHO HAS SLEPT HERE FOR EIGHT NIGHTS IN A ROW AND ONE WHO CELEBRATED HIS BIRTHDAY HERE TODAY. FOR THE LAST THREE YEARS, THE NUMBER OF KIDS ENTERING THE SYSTEM HAS BEEN ON THE RISE WHILE THE NUMBER OF FOSTER HOMES HAS GONE DOWN, AND FINDING SUITABLE PLACEMENTS IS BECOMING INCREASINGLY MORE DIFFICULT. THIS IS COMMAND POST D.C.F.S. I WAS CALLING TO FIND OUT IF YOU HAVE ANY VACANCIES FOR A 10-MONTH-OLD BABY GIRL. IF YOU CAN, GIVE ME A CALL BACK. Ling: WHILE LILY SETTLES IN FOR THE NIGHT, THERE'S NO SIGN OF THINGS SLOWING DOWN FOR THE WELCOME CENTER STAFF. JACKIE IS THE SUPERVISOR HERE TONIGHT, AND HER JOB IS NONSTOP. AND HERE ARE YOUR THREE PACKETS. LET'S MAKE SURE THAT THEY'RE ACCURATE. JACKIE, IT'S 10:00 P.M. ON A SUNDAY NIGHT, AND IT SEEMS A LITTLE FRANTIC IN HERE RIGHT NOW. WHAT'S HAPPENING? WHAT'S HAPPENING IS WE'RE MOVING THREE KIDS OUT. WE ACTUALLY HAVE FOSTER CARE PLACEMENT FOR THEM, AND SO WE'VE GOT OUR DRIVER HERE. Ling: AFTER HOURS OF WORKING THE PHONE LINES, D.C.F.S. HAS FINALLY FOUND FAMILIES WILLING TO TAKE IN SOME OF THE CHILDREN HERE, BUT IN ONE CASE, THE NEWS IS HEARTBREAKING FOR TWO SIBLINGS TRYING TO STAY TOGETHER. Ling: THERE ARE TWO SIBLINGS HERE, AN OLDER SISTER AND A LITTLE BROTHER, AND THE LITTLE BROTHER WAS JUST PLACED, AND THE OLDER SISTER HAS TO STAY HERE. OLDER SIBLINGS ARE SOME OF THE HARDEST KIDS TO PLACE IN THE SYSTEM, AND... OH, MAN. IF WE'RE SEPARATING SIBLINGS, WE TRY TO DO IT AS QUICKLY AS POSSIBLE, BECAUSE IT PROLONGS THE PAIN. WE FOUND A PLACEMENT FOR HIM. WE HAVEN'T FOUND ONE FOR HER. PART OF THE REASON WE HAD HER HERE WAS SO THEY COULD STAY TOGETHER AND WORK ON THAT TYPE OF PLACEMENT. SOMETIMES IT HAPPENS. MOST TIMES, IT DOESN'T. OH, GOD, HOW DO YOU DO THIS? IT'S NOT EASY. SO...IT'S TOUGH. Ling: TONIGHT, A SISTER WILL HAVE TO SAY GOODBYE TO HER LITTLE BROTHER. HE WILL LEAVE, AND SHE WILL STAY BEHIND WHILE D.C.F.S. TRIES TO FIND A FAMILY WILLING TO TAKE HER IN. DON'T LOSE THE NUMBER. YEAH, YOU WILL. DON'T WORRY. COME ON. COME ON. [ BABBLES ] YOU GOT SOME STUFF? DID YOU COME WITH SOME STUFF? NO? ALL RIGHT, LET'S FIND OUT. Ling: IN A PERFECT WORLD, THERE WOULD BE A HOME WITH TWO BEDS FOR TWO SIBLINGS, BUT IT'S NOT A PERFECT WORLD, AND IT'S FAR FROM A PERFECT SYSTEM. AND THE MEDIA IS TAKING NOTE. AN URGENT NEED FOR FOSTER PARENTS IN LOS ANGELES COUNTY. Female reporter: THE SYSTEM IS FLOODED WITH CHILDREN WHO NEED HOMES. Ling: THE DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES HAS BEEN FACING MOUNTING PRESSURE TO OVERHAUL THE ENTIRE ORGANIZATION -- PRESSURE THAT HAS THE POTENTIAL NOT ONLY TO TRANSFORM THE SYSTEM, BUT TO SHUT IT DOWN. Man: WHAT DO WE WANT? Ling: L.A. COUNTY'S FOSTER CARE SYSTEM IS FACING A CRISIS, ONE THAT HAS CAPTURED THE ATTENTION OF LOCAL MEDIA. GRAPHIC NEW DETAILS TONIGHT IN THE DEATH OF AN 8-YEAR-OLD PALMDALE BOY. Male reporter: DESPITE MANY COMPLAINTS AND HOTLINE CALLS, THE CASE GOT PRECIOUS LITTLE ATTENTION FROM THE DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES. Ling: 8-YEAR-OLD GABRIEL FERNANDEZ DIED ALLEGEDLY AT THE HANDS OF HIS OWN MOTHER AND HER BOYFRIEND. D.C.F.S. HAD RECEIVED MULTIPLE REPORTS THAT THE CHILD WAS BEING ABUSED, BUT SOMEHOW GABRIEL WAS NEVER REMOVED FROM HIS HOME. I'M ABOUT TO MEET THE LATEST IN A LONG LINE OF D.C.F.S. DIRECTORS, A MAN WHO IS NOW GRAPPLING WITH THE FALLOUT OF TRAGEDY -- PHILIP BROWNING. THERE APPEARED TO BE JUST A LACK OF COMMON SENSE IN SOME OF THE DECISION MAKING BY OUR WORKERS, WHERE THERE WOULD BE CHILD FATALITY REPORTS WHERE I'M THINKING, "HOW IN THE WORLD COULD THIS WORKER HAVE MISSED THIS?" BUT I THINK SOMETIMES WE'VE TRIED SO HARD TO ENSURE THAT THE CHILD STAY WITH THEIR HOME THAT WE'VE HAD MORE SITUATIONS THAT WERE ADVERSE THAN WE WOULD LIKE. Ling: GABRIEL WASN'T THE ONLY CHILD TO DIE ON THE COUNTY'S WATCH. A REPORT CONDUCTED BY A CHILDREN'S SPECIAL INVESTIGATION UNIT SHOWED SYSTEMIC FAILURES THAT CONTRIBUTED TO THE DEATHS OF 14 CHILDREN IN LESS THAN 2 YEARS, AND THAT AN EMPHASIS ON KEEPING FAMILIES TOGETHER HAD LET TOO MANY CHILDREN SLIP THROUGH THE CRACKS. IN THE TWO YEARS SINCE THE REPORT, A COMBINATION OF FACTORS HAS LED TO MORE CALLS COMING INTO THE HOTLINE AND MORE CHILDREN ENTERING THE SYSTEM. THE PROBLEM IS, THE COUNTY IS RUNNING LOW ON PLACES TO PUT THEM. WOULD YOU SAY THAT YOU'VE REACHED A CRISIS LEVEL, IN THAT THERE AREN'T ENOUGH FOSTER PARENTS TO -- TO FOSTER THE THOUSANDS OF CHILDREN IN THE SYSTEM? WELL, I THINK WE HAVE REACHED A LEVEL WHERE WE'VE GOT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT. A REAL NEED IS FOR FOSTER PARENTS WHO CAN TAKE YOUNGER CHILDREN. Ling: A SHORTAGE OF FOSTER HOMES ISN'T THE SYSTEM'S ONLY PROBLEM. AN INCREASED CASELOAD IS FALLING ON THE SHOULDERS OF AN OVERWORKED STAFF OF SOCIAL WORKERS. THEY HAVE REACHED THEIR BREAKING POINT. WE'RE HEADING OVER THE LARGEST DEMONSTRATION OF L.A. COUNTY WORKERS IN MORE THAN A DECADE. THIS BUS IS FILLED WITH D.C.F.S. SOCIAL WORKERS, AND THEY WANT TO EXPRESS TO THE L.A. COUNTY BOARD OF SUPERVISORS THEIR GRIEVANCES, AND THERE ARE MANY. WHEN DO WE WANT IT? Protestors: NOW! OUR PRIMARY CONCERN IS JUST, THIS WORK LOAD HAS GOTTEN UNBEARABLE. THE AMOUNT OF STRESS THAT IT CREATES ON THE WORKER... THERE'S JUST NOT ENOUGH TIME TO DO THE JOB THAT WE'RE ASKED TO DO. Ling: 33-YEAR-OLD RANDY HAS BEEN WITH D.C.F.S. FOR 8 YEARS. WHAT IS YOUR CASELOAD PRESENTLY? RIGHT NOW I'M AT 43, WHICH IS MY PERSONAL HIGHEST. WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO BE OVER 31, ACTUALLY. SO, IT'S...YOU KNOW, IT'S A LOT TO KEEP UP WITH. DO YOU OFTEN HAVE KIDS IN THE OFFICE, BECAUSE THEY'VE HAD ISSUES WITH PLACEMENT? THINGS SEEM TO BE GETTING WORSE, WHERE THE CAREGIVERS ARE GETTING PICKIER. MAYBE IT'S BECAUSE WE HAVE A SHORTAGE OF PLACEMENTS, AND WE'RE BEGGING PEOPLE TO TAKE OUR KIDS. I HAVE A VERY INDEPENDENT 18-YEAR-OLD THAT I'VE SPENT ALMOST TWO WEEKS, DAY AFTER DAY, TRYING TO FIND PLACEMENT FOR HER, WHERE I WAS GOING TO McDONALD'S, BUYING HER FOOD AND BRINGING HER DOWNTOWN 'CAUSE WE DIDN'T HAVE A PLACEMENT AT NIGHT FOR HER. SHE NEEDED A PLACE TO SLEEP, AND THAT'S ONE KID. I'VE GOT 42 OTHER ONES. SO, THERE'S A REAL, UH, OMISSION OF ACKNOWLEDGING THE AMOUNT OF TIME THAT IT TAKES TO DO GOOD SOCIAL WORK. YOU KNOW, SOMETHING'S GOTTA GIVE. Ling: RANDY ISN'T THE ONLY ONE WHO FEELS THIS WAY. [ CHANTING INDISTINCTLY ] Ling: ACCORDING TO THE WORKERS' UNION, OVER 50% OF SOCIAL WORKERS IN LOS ANGELES COUNTY HAVE REPORTED THAT, AT TIMES, THEIR CASELOADS HAVE TOPPED MORE THAN 40 IN A SINGLE MONTH. THEY ARGUE THAT WITHOUT MORE SUPPORT, CHILDREN AT RISK WILL ONCE AGAIN FALL THROUGH THE CRACKS. Woman: WHAT DO WE WANT? Protestors: CHILD SAFETY! Ling: WHEN A SYSTEM BECOMES SO STRESSED, WHAT HAPPENS TO THE CHILDREN IT'S DESIGNED TO PROTECT? WITHOUT ENOUGH FOSTER HOMES, WITHOUT ENOUGH SOCIAL WORKERS, CAN THEY REALLY DO THE JOB THEY'VE BEEN TASKED WITH? DESPITE THOUSANDS OF OVERWORKED SOCIAL WORKERS, BABY LILY WAS PLACED IN A FOSTER HOME WITHIN 24 HOURS. AFTER NUMEROUS CALLS FROM COMMAND POST TO DIFFERENT FOSTER FAMILIES, DIFFERENT FOSTER CARE AGENCIES, A COUPLE IN LANCASTER, WHICH IS OVER 60 MILES AWAY FROM CULVER CITY, WHERE THE BABY'S JOURNEY FIRST BEGAN, AGREED TO TAKE HER. HI. HELLO. HOW ARE YOU? I'M LISA. GOOD. HI, LISA. I'M ISSAC. NICE TO MEET YOU. HI. THAT'S MY WIFE, ALICIA. HI, ALICIA. NICE TO MEET YOU. AND THESE ARE THE BABIES. HERE THEY ARE. HERE SHE IS. HI, SWEETHEART. Ling: ISSAC, A SOFTWARE TECHNICIAN, AND HIS WIFE ALICIA HAVE BEEN FOSTER PARENTS FOR TWO AND A HALF YEARS. IN ADDITION TO LILY, THEY HAVE ANOTHER LITTLE GIRL THAT HAS BEEN WITH THEM FOR ALMOST A YEAR. LILY IS THE NINTH BABY FOR WHOM THEY PROVIDED A HOME. WE MET THIS BABY IN CULVER CITY. DID YOU RECEIVE A CALL, OR -- OR HOW DID SHE END UP HERE? OUR AGENCY CALLED US AND SAID, YOU KNOW, "WE HAVE A PLACEMENT FOR YOU. ARE YOU WILLING TO TAKE HER?" WE JUST SAID, "SURE, WE'D TAKE HER. WE'D LOVE TO HAVE HER." IT'S REALLY DIFFICULT TO PLACE INFANTS. WHY IS THE INFANT DEMOGRAPHIC THE ONE THAT YOU ARE INTERESTED IN? MY WIFE WAS IN THE SYSTEM FOR A FEW YEARS AS A CHILD, AND MY PARENTS WERE, UM, FOSTER PARENTS. SO IT'S KIND OF, LIKE, OUR WAY TO GIVE BACK TO THE SYSTEM AND HELP, UH, CHILDREN OUT. DO YOU THINK ABOUT WHAT THIS BABY HAS BEEN THROUGH IN NOT JUST THE LAST 24 HOURS, BUT, UM, YOU KNOW, THAT ULTIMATELY LED TO... MM-HMM. HER PARENTS...LOSING HER? WE DON'T JUDGE. WE FOCUS ON PROVIDING THE BEST CARE SHE CAN HAVE, AND THEN FROM THERE, WE HELP TOWARDS THE REUNIFICATION. OUR GOAL IS ALWAYS TO HELP THE FAMILIES, UH, GET THEIR BABIES BACK, TO HELP THEM IN WHATEVER MEANS THAT IS. Ling: ISSAC AND ALICIA RECEIVE $800 A MONTH FOR EACH OF THE BABIES THEY CARE FOR, BUT THEY GIVE SOMETHING THAT NO AMOUNT OF MONEY CAN BUY. IT'S DEFINITELY NOT A PROFIT-MAKING TYPE OF THING. YOU DO IT BECAUSE YOU LOVE HELPING OUT FOR THE BABY, AND THAT'S WHY WE DO IT. YOU CAN TELL SHE LIKES BEING HELD A LOT. YEAH. [ LAUGHS ] THEY NEED TO KNOW THAT THEY HAVE SOMEBODY THAT'S GONNA TAKE CARE OF THEM RIGHT FROM THE BEGINNING. THEY'VE ALREADY LOST EVERYTHING. I KNOW WHAT THAT FEELS LIKE. SO I THINK THAT'S WHY I CAN GIVE THE LOVE, BECAUSE I KNOW THAT SHE NEEDS IT. I KNOW WHAT I NEEDED, AND I KNOW WHAT I RECEIVED. SO I WANT TO GIVE THAT BACK TO EACH BABY THAT COMES TO MY HOME. Ling: AT A MOMENT'S NOTICE, ISSAC AND ALICIA HAVE AGREED TO CARE FOR AND LOVE THIS BABY, YET THEY ALSO KNOW SHE COULD BE GONE FROM THEIR LIVES AS QUICKLY AS SHE CAME. IS IT HARD NOT TO GET ATTACHED TO THESE BABIES? THEY EACH GET A PIECE OF OUR HEART, AND IT'S ALMOST INSTANTLY. SO... THAT'S WHY IT HURTS SO BAD WHEN THEY GO HOME. Ling: TOMORROW, THE COUNTY WILL HOLD A HEARING AND DECIDE WHETHER OR NOT IT'S IN LILY'S BEST INTEREST TO STAY IN FOSTER CARE. IF THEY DO DETAIN HER, THEN THEY'RE GONNA CREATE A UNIFICATION PLAN FOR MOM, AND HOPEFULLY, SHE COMPLIES. IF NOT, WE'RE MORE THAN WILLING TO KEEP HER HERE FOR AS LONG AS IT TAKES. Alicia: YEAH, SHE HAS A HOME AS LONG AS SHE NEEDS ONE HERE. Ling: IT'S ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT COMPONENTS OF THE CHILD WELFARE SYSTEM -- TEMPORARY PARENTS FOR THE THOUSANDS OF KIDS THAT ARE REMOVED FROM DANGEROUS HOMES, BUT I'M ABOUT TO MEET A MOTHER ON THE OTHER SIDE OF THE EQUATION WHO IS NOW FIGHTING TO GET HER KIDS BACK. Ling: A YEAR AND A HALF AGO, 47-YEAR-OLD MONICA, MOTHER OF 3, WAS IN LOVE WITH A MAN SHE HOPED WOULD BE A GOOD HUSBAND AND A GOOD FATHER. HE TURNED OUT TO BE ABUSIVE. HAD HE EVER HURT YOUR KIDS BEFORE? NO. HAD HE EVER HURT YOU? YES. Ling: MONICA ENDED THE RELATIONSHIP AND TOOK OUT A RESTRAINING ORDER, HOPING THE WORST WAS OVER, BUT MONICA'S NIGHTMARE WAS JUST BEGINNING. HE FELT THE ONLY WAY THAT HE COULD GET ME TO COMMUNICATE WITH HIM WAS TO GO TO THE SCHOOL AND TAKE MY CHILD. THAT'S HOW HE LURED ME TO THE PARK. Ling: MONICA PANICKED. HER 6-YEAR-OLD DAUGHTER WAS IN THE HANDS OF SOMEONE SHE KNEW TO BE DANGEROUS. I CALLED THE POLICE. THEY DIDN'T SHOW. Ling: FRUSTRATED AND AFRAID FOR HER CHILD, MONICA THEN DID SOMETHING SHE NOW DEEPLY REGRETS. I TOOK A GUN, AND I WENT TO THE PARK. I WAS AFRAID OF HIM. I JUST THOUGHT, "I CAN'T ALLOW HIM TO KIDNAP OR HURT HER OR ME." HE DIDN'T TAKE ME SERIOUS. [ QUACK ] [ GUNSHOT, WINGS FLAPPING ] I WIND UP FIRING A SHOT IN THE AIR. I WAS ARRESTED, AND MY CHILDREN WERE TAKEN INTO CUSTODY THAT DAY. Ling: NO ONE WAS PHYSICALLY HURT, BUT THE CONSEQUENCES WERE DEVASTATING. MONICA WAS SENT TO JAIL, CHARGED WITH ASSAULT WITH A DEADLY WEAPON AND CHILD ENDANGERMENT. WITH NO FAMILY MEMBERS TO TAKE THEM IN, HER THREE CHILDREN, TROY, KALIHA, AND MOINE, WERE PLACED IN FOSTER CARE. IT'S A VERY SCARY FEELING. YOU FEEL EMPTY. YOU'RE WORRIED, YOU KNOW? ARE THEY OKAY? ARE THEY ALL RIGHT? HOW ARE THEY FEELING? IS THE FOSTER HOME THEY'RE IN -- ARE THEY TREATING THEM WELL? Ling: PART OF MONICA'S CONCERNS FOR HER KIDS STEMMED FROM PERSONAL EXPERIENCE. HOW LONG WERE YOU IN FOSTER CARE? FROM THE AGES OF 10 TO 16. I REMEMBER THE FIRST NIGHT OF BEING TAKEN. I WAS VERY SCARED. EVEN THOUGH I WAS BEING ABUSED, I WAS BEING TAKEN FROM MY HOME. I FELT VERY ALONE AND LIKE I WAS BEING PUNISHED FOR SOMETHING THAT I HAD NO CONTROL OVER. Ling: MONICA SAYS SHE SPENT YEARS IN THE SYSTEM, IN AND OUT OF OVER 30 PLACEMENTS. THAT'S WHY I WAS SO DETERMINED TO LET THEM KNOW THAT I WOULD NEVER STOP DOING WHAT I HAVE TO DO UNTIL I GET 'EM BACK, AND I WON'T. I WON'T STOP UNTIL I GET THEM BACK. Ling: MONICA WILL HAVE TO CONVINCE THE COURTS THAT SHE'S A FIT MOTHER, BUT D.C.F.S. HAS GIVEN HER A ROAD MAP TO FOLLOW, A REUNIFICATION PLAN THAT INCLUDES PARENTING CLASSES. BUT IT WILL TAKE MORE THAN JUST SHOWING UP. WHAT WE WANT OUR CHILDREN TO CHANGE, WE ALSO WANT TO LOOK AT OURSELVES. SO AS WE SET GOALS FOR THEM, MAKE SURE WE SET GOALS FOR OURSELVES. Ling: THE CLASSES ARE NOT ONLY TEACHING MONICA HOW TO COMMUNICATE BETTER WITH HER KIDS BUT HAVE ALSO GIVEN HER INSIGHT INTO THE EVENTS THAT LED TO THEIR REMOVAL. I HAVE LEARNED TO RECOGNIZE THAT THERE ARE A LOT OF DIFFERENT TYPES OF ABUSE. IF I'M BEING ABUSED, THEN THEY'RE BEING ABUSED, UH, BECAUSE WHATEVER I'M GOING THROUGH, THEY'RE GOING THROUGH. SO THE CLASS HAS HELPED YOU REALIZE THAT YOU MIGHT NOT HAVE BEEN PUTTING THE KIDS IN THE BEST SITUATION PRIOR. ABSOLUTELY. YOU DEFINITELY NEED TO LOOK AT THE CHARACTER OF A PERSON THAT YOU BRING INTO YOUR LIFE AND YOUR CHILDREN'S LIVES. EVERYBODY'S NOT FIT TO BE AROUND YOUR CHILDREN. Ling: AFTER SIX MONTHS OF FOLLOWING THE COURT'S ORDERS, MONICA'S SON, 14-YEAR-OLD TROY, WAS ALLOWED TO COME HOME. SO YOU HAVE A PRETTY GOOD DAY TODAY? WE'RE STARTING TO MOVE ON TO, UH, HOW THE HUMAN BODY, UH, REPRODUCTS. MM-HMM. SO FOR MOST OF THE TIME, PEOPLE ARE TALKING ABOUT EJACULATION. OH, YEAH? SO IT'S A PRETTY GOOD TOPIC, THEN? PRETTY GOOD TOPIC? [ PACKAGING CRINKLES ] DISCUSSION, DEBATE, WHATEVER -- WHAT DO YOU WANT TO CALL IT? WE'RE TALKING ABOUT EJACULATION. AND WHAT THE -- WHO? OH, MY GOD. [ LAUGHS ] [ DISH CLATTERS ] I SURELY THOUGHT YOU SAID SOMETHING ELSE. Ling: HAVING TROY HOME HAS BROUGHT LIFE BACK INTO THE HOUSE, BUT THERE ARE STILL TWO EMPTY SEATS AT THE DINNER TABLE. EVERY NIGHT, MONICA WAITS FOR 6:00, WHEN SHE GETS TO TALK ON THE PHONE WITH HER DAUGHTERS. [ BEEP ] HI. I WAS CALLING TO SPEAK WITH THE GIRLS, BUT I SEE YOU GUYS ARE NOT IN AT THE TIME. SO IF YOU COULD, LET THEM GIVE ME A CALL WHEN THEY GET IN. OKAY, BYE-BYE. Ling: THE COURT HAS DECIDED TO KEEP MONICA'S YOUNGER CHILDREN, 6-YEAR-OLD MOINE AND 10-YEAR-OLD KALIHA, IN FOSTER CARE WHILE THEY CONTINUE TO MONITOR MONICA'S PROGRESS. USUALLY, THE GIRLS WOULD BE IN BY NOW. I DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING ON OVER THERE. Ling: ACROSS TOWN, IT'S ANOTHER MOTHER TAKING CARE OF MONICA'S TWO DAUGHTERS. DO NUMBER 10 FOR ME. ONE, TWO... Ling: IT'S HOMEWORK TIME FOR MOINE AND KALIHA AND THEIR FOSTER MOM, REGINA. SO WHAT SHOULD GO IN HERE? Ling: MOINE IS STRUGGLING WITH A MATH ASSIGNMENT THAT SHOULD BE WITHIN HER GRASP. NOW WE'RE GONNA DO IT BACKWARDS. WHAT NUMBER IS THIS? 16, 15, 14... NOW, WHAT GOES HERE? 20? Ling: SINCE THE SEPARATION FROM HER MOTHER, MOINE'S GRADES HAVE BEEN PLUMMETING, AND SHE'S NOT ALONE. CHILDREN IN FOSTER CARE OFTEN FALL BEHIND IN SCHOOL. NUMEROUS MOVES COMBINED WITH TRAUMATIC EXPERIENCES CAN CAUSE THEM TO FARE WORSE THAN THEIR PEERS. DO YOU THINK THE KIDS HAVE BEEN LANGUISHING IN FOSTER CARE? TO SOME EXTENT, YES. MOINE IS IN DANGER OF FAILING THE FIRST GRADE. HAD SHE EVER HAD ISSUES WITH GRADES BEFORE? THAT WAS A BATTLE THAT I HAD BEEN BATTLING FOR ALMOST A YEAR, TO GET THEM MOVED, TO GET SOMEBODY TO LISTEN. LOOK AT WHAT'S GOING ON. THIS IS GOOD. Ling: WHEN MOINE'S GRADES BEGAN TO SUFFER, MONICA LOBBIED FOR A NEW FOSTER CARE PLACEMENT. YOU'RE FULL? Moine: YEAH. THEN YOU DON'T WANT ANY DESSERT? Ling: REGINA HAS ONLY HAD THE GIRLS FOR A WEEK. MONICA'S SOCIAL WORKER HELPED TRANSFER THEM HERE, WHERE THEY WILL NOW LIVE WITH THREE OTHER KIDS SHE'S FOSTERING. EW, WHY YOU SPIT IN YOUR FOOD? Regina: NO SPITTIN'. Ling: REGINA IS A SEASONED FOSTER MOM, AND SO FAR, MOINE AND KALIHA ARE DOING BETTER UNDER HER CARE. I ALWAYS TELL MY KIDS, THE PAST IS THE PAST. WE'RE GONNA FOCUS ON THE FUTURE AND WHAT WE CAN DO TO HELP YOU GET THROUGH IT. MOST OF THEM WILL EVENTUALLY GO BACK TO THEIR PARENTS. RIGHT. SO HOW DO YOU PREVENT YOURSELF FROM BECOMING TOO EMOTIONAL? I'VE LEARNED NOT TO PUT A WALL UP, BUT TO NURTURE 'EM AS MY OWN KIDS, AND YOU STILL CAN LOVE 'EM, EVEN THOUGH THEY GO HOME. DO YOU THINK THAT THIS HAS BEEN THE BEST COURSE OF ACTION FOR THE KIDS, TO HAVE THEM IN D.C.F.S. CUSTODY? WITHOUT HAVING NO FAMILY MYSELF, WHAT WOULD HAVE HAPPENED TO MY CHILDREN IF THERE WASN'T THE FOSTER CARE SYSTEM? HI, BABY. HOW ARE YOU? [ Mouth full ] I'M -- I'M EATING. I MISS YOU. YOU DID YOUR HOMEWORK? ALL RIGHT, THAT'S A GOOD GIRL. THAT'S A GOOD GIRL. THAT'S A GOOD GIRL. IT'S LIKE AN ARMY ON THE BATTLEFIELD. EVERYBODY PLAYS THEIR POSITION. IT DOES TAKE THAT FOSTER PARENT TO PLAY THEIR ROLE. IT DOES TAKE THAT SOCIAL WORKER TO ADVOCATE FOR YOU. IT TAKES MORE THAN ONE PERSON TO WIN THE BATTLE. ALL RIGHT, WELL, MOMMY JUST WANTED TO HEAR YOUR VOICE AND LET YOU KNOW THAT I LOVE YOU. I WAS THINKING ABOUT YOU. Ling: IT'S TOO SOON TO TELL HOW THE GIRLS WILL DO IN THEIR NEW PLACEMENT, BUT UNTIL THEIR MOTHER HAS PROVEN SHE'S CAPABLE OF CARING FOR THEM, MOINE AND KALIHA WILL REMAIN IN FOSTER CARE. GOOD NIGHT. SEE YOU IN THE MORNING. [ SWITCH CLICKS ] [ Whispers ] HI. Ling: ACROSS THE COUNTY, ISSAC AND ALICIA CONTINUE TO WATCH OVER LILY, WHILE IN CHILDREN'S COURT, HER MOTHER BRACES HERSELF FOR A VERDICT. BEFORE WE PROCEED, LET ME JUST NOTE, I'M NOT ABLE TO START PROCEEDINGS UNTIL THE YOUNG PEOPLE TAKE A TEDDY BEAR HOME WITH THEM. [ LAUGHTER ] Ling: TODAY IS A HAPPY DAY IN THE EDELMAN CHILDREN'S COURT. IT'S THE DAY WHEN, AFTER DOING A LOT OF WORK, PARENTS ARE FINALLY AND OFFICIALLY GOING TO BE REUNITED WITH THEIR CHILDREN, AND IT'S ALL HAPPENING IN THIS COURTROOM. MICHAEL NASH IS THE PRESIDING JUDGE OF THE L.A. COUNTY JUVENILE COURT. SEEING A FAMILY THAT CAME INTO THE SYSTEM IN DISTRESS LEAVE THE SYSTEM IN A MUCH HEALTHIER SITUATION -- THAT'S WHAT IT'S ALL ABOUT, AND THERE IS NOTHING -- NOTHING THAT WE DO IN THE COURT SYSTEM THAT'S BETTER THAN THAT. Ling: IT'S WHAT THE COURTS STRIVE FOR, AND LAST YEAR, MORE THAN 6,000 KIDS WERE REUNITED WITH THEIR FAMILIES. TODAY, IT'S ALL ABOUT CELEBRATING THOSE ACHIEVEMENTS. AT THIS TIME, THE COURT HAS DETERMINED THERE IS NO LONGER A NEED FOR OVERSIGHT OF THIS FAMILY, AND THE JURISDICTION OF THE COURT IS HEREBY TERMINATED. CONGRATULATIONS TO YOU ALL AND GOD BLESS YOU. [ APPLAUSE ] [ Amplified voice ] HELLO! [ Singsongy ] NICE TO MEET YOU, EVERYONE! [ GIRL GIGGLES ] Ling: THERE ARE A LOT OF MISCONCEPTIONS ABOUT THE L.A. FOSTER CARE SYSTEM. WHAT DO YOU WANT PEOPLE TO KNOW ABOUT HOW THE SYSTEM TREATS AND TAKES CARE OF CHILDREN? WHAT WE WANT FOR THESE KIDS IS WHAT WE WANT FOR OUR OWN KIDS. WE WANT THEM TO ALL GROW UP IN A HEALTHY, LOVING FAMILY. THAT'S WHAT CHILDREN NEED, AND WE HAVE TO DO IT IN A TIMELY WAY, BECAUSE IF YOU BLINK YOUR EYES, CHILDHOOD'S GONE. Regina: SOUND IT OUT. "AT..." GOOD GIRL. "THE..." "QUEEN'S..." Ling: A MOTHER FEELS THOSE PRECIOUS SECONDS SLIP AWAY FASTER THAN MOST. YELLOW... Ling: FOR MONICA, THE WEEKLY VISITS SHE HAS WITH MOINE AND KALIHA FLY BY, NO MATTER HOW HARD SHE TRIES TO SLOW THEM DOWN. UM..."AT BY..." "AT HER." "AT -- AT HER..." Ling: MOINE AND KALIHA ARE NOW ALLOWED TO COME HOME FOR THE ENTIRE WEEKEND, 48 HOURS EACH WEEK FOR THE FAMILY TO REBUILD THEIR TIES. Ling: YOU GUYS ARE ALL SO CLOSE TO YOUR MOM, HUH? Kaliha: YEAH. HAS IT BEEN HARD TO BE AWAY FROM HER AND TO BE AWAY FROM HOME? WHAT ABOUT YOU, TROY? WAS IT HARD FOR YOU TO BE AWAY FROM HER? YEAH, IT -- IT WAS -- IT WAS AROUND FIVE MONTHS I WAS AWAY, AND THEN I DON'T KNOW WHAT HAPPENED EXACTLY, BUT AT THAT LAST COURT DATE, I GOT TO GO HOME, BUT THEN KALIHA AND TIBBY DIDN'T. IT WAS JUST BAD. I JUST WISH IT WAS THE OTHER WAY AROUND. WHY DID YOU FEEL THAT WAY? BECAUSE LIHA AND TIBBY NEED HER MORE THAN I DO. YOU FELT LIKE YOU COULD HANDLE IT BETTER IF YOU WERE IN FOSTER CARE, AND THE GIRLS COULD GO HOME? YEAH. [ KALIHA CRYING ] I DON'T WANT TO TALK ABOUT IT NO MORE. OKAY, OKAY. WE DON'T HAVE TO TALK ABOUT IT ANYMORE. [ CRIES ] YOU'RE GONNA BE BACK WITH YOUR MOM SOON, HONEY. [ SNIFFLING ] AND SHE'S BEEN FIGHTING REALLY HARD FOR YOU, 'CAUSE SHE WANTS YOU GUYS BACK WITH HER. YOU KNOW THAT, RIGHT? ARE YOU PROUD OF HER? YOU DON'T KNOW YET? Ling: AFTER ALMOST A YEAR OF UNCERTAINTY, KALIHA IS AFRAID TO TRUST THAT HER AND HER SISTER'S TIME WITHIN THE FOSTER CARE SYSTEM MAY SOON BE OVER. WANNA HELP MOMMY GET YOUR STUFF READY? YEAH! SHH, CALM DOWN. Ling: IN ONE MONTH, MONICA AND HER GIRLS WILL BE BACK IN THE COURTROOM. MM! THANK YOU. Ling: A JUDGE WILL DECIDE IF SHE CAN FINALLY TAKE HER DAUGHTERS HOME FOR GOOD. UNTIL THEN, EACH WEEKEND MUST END WITH A SEPARATION. ALL RIGHT, COME ON. [ Voice breaking ] IT'S HARD. EVERY WEEK I HAVE TO TAKE THEM BACK, MY HEART IS BROKEN AGAIN. COME HERE. MM. THERE'S NOT A DAY THAT DOESN'T GO BY THAT I DON'T THINK ABOUT THAT DAY OR WHAT I COULD'VE DONE DIFFERENT... MM. ALL RIGHT. I WILL TALK TO YOU THIS EVENING. Monica: [ Voice breaking ] ...AND WHAT THE SITUATION HAS DONE TO MY CHILDREN... ALL RIGHT, LOVE YOU GUYS. THAT I'M THE REASON. I'M THE CAUSE OF IT. I THINK ABOUT IT EVERY DAY. Ling: INSIDE CHILDREN'S COURT, ANOTHER MOTHER IS THINKING ABOUT A DAY SHE, TOO, WISHES SHE COULD DO OVER. THE BASIS FOR THE FINDINGS AND ORDERS ARE AS FOLLOWS -- MOTHER AND CHILD WERE APPARENTLY SEATED AT A RESTAURANT, AND OTHERS NOTICED THAT MOTHER APPEARED TO NOT BE ATTENDING TO HER DAUGHTER, AND LAW ENFORCEMENT WAS CALLED. Ling: 25-YEAR-OLD SHANNON IS BABY LILY'S MOTHER, AND TODAY, SHE AND HER DAUGHTERS' FATES ARE IN THE HANDS OF COMMISSIONER MARTINEZ. WHEN LAW ENFORCEMENT ARRIVED, MOTHER FOUND TO BE VERY LETHARGIC AND UNRESPONSIVE. SHE APPARENTLY HAD A BAG FULL OF DIFFERENT MEDICATIONS. SHE ADVISED THAT SHE HAS A HISTORY OF SUBSTANCE ABUSE. IT APPEARS THAT MOTHER HAD DRIVEN WITH LILY, WHO IS NOT QUITE A YEAR OLD, POSING AN ENORMOUS RISK TO LILY. I FIND SUBSTANTIAL DANGER EXISTS TO HER, AND THERE IS NO REASONABLE MEANS TO PROTECT HER WITHOUT NOW DETAINING HER. HER CARE AND HER CUSTODY IS VESTED WITH THE DEPARTMENT OF CHILDREN AND FAMILY SERVICES, WHICH SHALL PROVIDE... Ling: THOUGH THE COURT WOULD RULE TO GRANT SHANNON FREQUENT VISITS, FOR THE FORESEEABLE FUTURE, HER DAUGHTER WILL HAVE TO REMAIN IN FOSTER CARE. IT'S THE LAST THING SHANNON THOUGHT WOULD HAPPEN WHEN SHE MOVED HERE FROM UTAH JUST TWO WEEKS AGO, LOOKING FOR A CHANCE TO START OVER. IN UTAH, IT'S REALLY HARD FOR ME TO ESCAPE THAT LIFESTYLE WHEN I'M, YOU KNOW, SURROUNDED BY THE PEOPLE THAT I USED WITH. Ling: SHANNON TELLS ME SHE STRUGGLED WITH DRUG ADDICTION PRIOR TO GETTING PREGNANT. FEARING RELAPSE IN HER HOMETOWN, SHE AND HER DAUGHTER HEADED WEST TO CALIFORNIA. SHANNON, YOU CAME OUT HERE WITH ASPIRATIONS OF STARTING NEW, BUT WEREN'T QUITE ABLE TO DO SO. WHY DID YOU NEED THE MEDICATION? I REALLY LOVED MY DAUGHTER'S FATHER... [ Voice breaking ] AND HE DIDN'T LOVE ME BACK. I LET THAT HEARTBREAK TAKE OVER. I WANTED TO TAKE A PILL TO REPLACE SOMEBODY THAT HURT ME. WHAT HAPPENED THE OTHER NIGHT? WE WENT TO GO GET SOME YOGURT. I WAS APPROACHED BY TWO OFFICERS, AND THEN THEY DECIDED TO TAKE ME TO JAIL. [ SOBBING ] AND...I JUST REMEMBER... [ SNIFFLES ] THEY HAD HER IN THE FRONT SEAT, BUT THERE WAS A WINDOW DIVIDING US, AND I JUST COULDN'T GET TO HER... [ SNIFFLES ] AND I COULDN'T SAY BYE. [ CRYING ] I MEAN, I WAS JUST IN SHOCK. I KNOW YOU'LL BE OKAY. Ling: SHANNON'S MOTHER KATHY FLEW OUT TO LOS ANGELES TO JOIN HER AFTER GETTING THE NEWS. THE POLICE CALLED ME AND TOLD ME THAT THEY HAD MY DAUGHTER IN CUSTODY. THEY JUST SAID, "HOW SOON CAN YOU GET DOWN HERE AND PICK THE BABY UP?" BUT BY THE TIME I GOT HERE, THEY HAD ALREADY -- SHE ALREADY HAD BEEN TAKEN AWAY TO CHILD SERVICES. Ling: SHANNON'S MOTHER ARRIVED AFTER LILY WAS TAKEN INTO D.C.F.S. CUSTODY, AND NOW SHE HAS TO UNDERGO HER OWN BACKGROUND CHECK TO QUALIFY AS A TEMPORARY PARENT. DO YOU THINK THAT YOU WERE ENDANGERING YOUR CHILD THAT DAY? YES, I DO. DO YOU THINK THAT YOU DESERVE TO HAVE YOUR DAUGHTER TAKEN AWAY FROM YOU? WITH THAT SAID, I DO THINK THAT I DESERVE ANOTHER CHANCE, THOUGH. [ SOBBING ] I FEEL A LOT OF PEOPLE LOOK AT ME AND THINK I'M A BAD MOM, AND, YOU KNOW, TRUTHFULLY, IN THAT SITUATION, I WAS A BAD MOM. BUT I'M NOT GIVING UP, AND I'M NOT GONNA STOP TRYING. I'M NOT -- I'M NOT EVER GONNA GIVE UP. Ling: IN THE ROOM WHERE SHE AND HER DAUGHTER HAD BARELY BEGUN A NEW LIFE, SHANNON IS NOW PREPARING FOR THEIR TIME APART. WE STARTED TO PACK SOME OF HER STUFF AWAY FOR THE FOSTER PARENTS. SO YOU WERE GOING TO HAVE SOMEONE TAKE HER STUFF TO THEM? I WANT HER TO FEEL AT HOME. DO YOU UNDERSTAND THE WORK THAT IS REQUIRED IN ORDER TO GET YOUR DAUGHTER BACK? IT'S HARD, AND I UNDERSTAND THAT, BUT I'M WILLING TO DO IT FOR MY DAUGHTER. SHE MEANS EVERYTHING TO ME. Ling: IN NORTHERN LOS ANGELES COUNTY, IT'S A BIG DAY FOR BABY LILY. [ LILY BABBLING ] EVEN THE BABY SOUNDS HAPPY ABOUT THAT. [ LAUGHS ] Ling: IT'S BEEN OVER A MONTH SINCE SHE'S SEEN HER MOTHER, AND TODAY ISSAC AND ALICIA ARE DRIVING AN HOUR FROM THEIR HOME IN LANCASTER... ALL RIGHT, IT LOOKS LIKE WE FOUND IT. READY TO SEE MOMMY, HUH? Ling: ...SO THAT LILY CAN VISIT WITH SHANNON AT A REGIONAL D.C.F.S. OUTPOST. HERE'S LILY. HI, LILY. THERE YOU GO. HI! [ FUSSES ] Woman: CAN YOU STAND UP? Ling: UNDER SUPERVISION, MOTHER AND DAUGHTER WILL HAVE TWO HOURS TOGETHER. WHILE THEY RECONNECT, THEIR SOCIAL WORKER, KATRINA, WILL TAKE NOTE OF SHANNON'S BEHAVIOR, LOOKING TO SEE IF SHE SHOWS UP SOBER AND ON TIME. [ LAUGHS ] LILY. CUTIE. [ TICKING ] Ling: AT 10 MINUTES PAST THE HOUR, 10 MINUTES PAST THE START OF SHANNON'S SCHEDULED VISIT WITH LILY, KATRINA IS STARTING TO GET WORRIED. CHILDREN BELONG WITH FAMILIES, NOT WITH D.C.F.S. SOCIAL WORKERS TRY TO DO EVERYTHING WE CAN TO KEEP THE FAMILIES INTACT, BUT THAT ISN'T ALWAYS THE CASE, UNFORTUNATELY. Ling: A HALF-HOUR LATER, KATRINA AND LILY ARE STILL WAITING. IT'S DIFFICULT FOR EVERYONE, THE SOCIAL WORKER, THE CHILD, THE PARENT. I'M SURE MOM WANTED TO SEE HER, BUT FOR WHATEVER REASON, SHE WASN'T ABLE TO MAKE IT. HEY, MOM DIDN'T SHOW UP FOR HER VISIT, SO WE'RE GONNA GO AHEAD AND WRAP IT UP WHEN THE FOSTER PARENTS ARE READY. OKAY. OKAY, THANKS. HI! COME ON. COME ON. Ling: WE LEARN LATER THAT SHANNON HAD RELAPSED. IT'S UNCLEAR HOW IT WILL AFFECT HER FIGHT FOR LILY, BUT HER ABSENCE COULD BE A SETBACK. ULTIMATELY, IT'S UP TO THE COURTS TO DECIDE, BUT IT'S THE SOCIAL WORKERS THAT OVERSEE THE FAMILY'S PROGRESS. MONICA'S SOCIAL WORKER, BRIDGET, IS NOW PREPARING HER FINAL RECOMMENDATION. ALL THE STEPS ARE SIGNIFICANTLY IMPORTANT. RED FLAGS ARE, OF COURSE, ATTENDING ALL THE PROGRAMS THAT THE PARENTS ARE REQUIRED TO ATTEND. THE VISITS ARE HIGHLY IMPORTANT. IF YOU'RE NOT COMING FOR YOUR MONITORED VISITS WEEKLY, HOW CAN WE RECOMMEND THEM TO BE UNMONITORED, THEN GO TO OVERNIGHT? MONICA HAS A COURT DATE ON DECEMBER 6th. DO YOU THINK SHE'S READY TO HAVE HER ENTIRE FAMILY BACK TOGETHER? I DEFINITELY THINK SHE'S READY TO HAVE HER ENTIRE FAMILY BACK. Monica: YOU HAVE TO BE ABLE TO JUMP OVER THOSE HURDLES. HOW CAN YOU GROW IF YOU DON'T JUMP OVER THE HURDLES? YEAH, IT'S BEEN HARD. IT'S BEEN VERY HARD. IT HASN'T BEEN AN EASY WALK AT ALL. I WON'T STOP, AND I DON'T THINK THE NEXT PERSON SHOULD STOP EITHER. Ling: MONICA HAS TAKEN A HARD LOOK AT HER LIFE IN THE EFFORT TO BE A BETTER PARENT, BUT WILL IT BE ENOUGH? HER CHILDREN ARE STILL IN THE CUSTODY OF THE COURT, AND IT WILL BE UP TO THEM TO MAKE THE FINAL JUDGMENT. Ling: AT THE EDELMAN CHILDREN'S COURT, MONICA'S MOMENT OF TRUTH HAS ARRIVED. TODAY IS THE DAY SHE AND TROY WILL FIND OUT IF MOINE AND KALIHA WILL GET TO COME HOME FOR GOOD. HI, LISA! HEY, MONICA. HOW ARE YOU? HEY, TROY. HI. HOW YOU GUYS DOING? CAN I GET A HUG THIS MORNING? [ LAUGHS ] HOW ARE YOU? I'M GOOD, I'M GOOD, I'M GOOD. HOW ARE YOU FEELING? I'M OKAY. I'M OKAY. YOU'RE JUST OKAY? A LITTLE NERVOUS. YEAH. BUT I'M EXCITED AND NERVOUS AND SCARED ALL IN ONE. DID YOU SLEEP LAST NIGHT? NOT AT ALL. WHY ARE YOU NERVOUS? YOU'VE WORKED SO HARD FOR THIS DAY. 'CAUSE THEY HAVE SO MUCH POWER. 'CAUSE LAST TIME YOU WERE HERE, YOU FELT OPTIMISTIC, BUT YOU ONLY LEFT THE COURT WITH TROY. DO YOU THINK SOMETHING LIKE THAT COULD HAPPEN AGAIN? IT COULD. ABSOLUTELY, IT COULD. BUT YOU FEEL CONFIDENT THAT YOU'VE DONE ALL THE WORK REQUIRED? [ INDISTINCT CONVERSATIONS ] Ling: INSIDE THE COURT HOUSE, MOINE AND KALIHA ALSO SEEM CAUTIOUS AS THEY WAIT FOR THEIR MOTHER TO JOIN THEM. SIX MONTHS AGO, THEY WERE ALL RIGHT HERE, EXPECTING TO BE REUNITED, BUT THE COURTS NEEDED MORE TIME TO REVIEW THE CASE BEFORE SENDING THE GIRLS HOME. NO ONE WANTS TO GET THEIR HOPES UP TOO HIGH. WE'RE HERE TODAY FOR CASE NUMBER 13, KALIHA AND MOINE. MR. LOH. Ling: THE HONORABLE ROBERT DRAPER PRESIDES OVER THE HEARING. TODAY, HE'LL HEAR RECOMMENDATIONS FROM THE SEPARATE ATTORNEYS WHO REPRESENT MONICA AND HER TWO DAUGHTERS AND MAKE THE FINAL RULING. TODAY, THE DEPARTMENT IS RECOMMENDING THE COURT FIND THAT MOTHER IS IN SUBSTANTIAL COMPLIANCE WITH THE COURT-ORDERED PROGRAMS AND ORDER A HOME OF PARENT MOTHER FOR KALIHA AND MOINE. I DID SPEAK TO THE FOSTER MOTHER AND THE CHILDREN, AND BOTH REPORT THAT THE VISITS HAVE GONE WELL. UM, SO, I HAVE NO OBJECTION TO THAT. Ling: NOW IT'S UP TO THE JUDGE. WITH RESPECT TO KALIHA AND MOINE, THE COURT MAKES THE FOLLOWING FINDINGS AND ORDERS -- RETURN OF THE CHILDREN TO MOTHER WOULD NOT CREATE A SUBSTANTIAL RISK OF DETRIMENT TO THE SAFETY, PROTECTION, OR PHYSICAL AND EMOTIONAL WELL-BEING OF THE CHILDREN. MOTHER HAS SUBSTANTIALLY COMPLIED WITH THE CASE PLAN, HAS VISITED REGULARLY, AND HAS DONE A WONDERFUL JOB IN WORKING ON THE PROBLEMS THAT BROUGHT US HERE. THE SUITABLE PLACEMENT ORDER IS TERMINATED, AND THE CHILDREN ARE ORDERED HOME WITH MOTHER. THANK YOU, YOUR HONOR. THANK YOU. Woman: THANK YOU, YOUR HONOR. THANK YOU. THANK YOU. [ Whispers ] THANK YOU. THANK YOU. Judge Draper: THANK YOU. THANK YOU. Ling: AFTER ALMOST ONE YEAR SPENT IN TWO FOSTER PLACEMENTS, MONICA'S DAUGHTERS WILL BE GOING HOME. YAY! [ LAUGHS ] [ LAUGHS ] [ LAUGHS ] CONGRATULATIONS! [ SIGHS ] SO WHAT IS THIS PAPER? I CAN TAKE 'EM HOME. THERE'S FINALLY A SMILE OUT OF YOU. [ LAUGHS ] ALL RIGHT, ALL RIGHT. CONGRATULATIONS, YOU GUYS, REALLY. CONGRATU-- ARE YOU HAPPY? YEAH? IT'S STICKY. [ LAUGHS ] ALL RIGHT. AWESOME. IT'S BEEN A LONG YEAR. IT'S BEEN A LONG TIME COMING, BUT WE GOT IT, AND WE MADE IT. HOW YOU FEELING? AND WE DID IT. I'M SO EXCITED. I'M HAPPY. I COULDN'T BE HAPPIER. Ling: IN A SYSTEM WHERE SO MANY THINGS GO WRONG, WE'VE BEEN GIVEN A GLIMPSE OF WHAT CAN GO RIGHT. BUT EACH SITUATION IS DIFFERENT, AND THE CHALLENGES THAT LAND FAMILIES IN THE SYSTEM CAN BE DIFFICULT TO OVERCOME, NO MATTER HOW MUCH A PARENT LOVES THEIR CHILD. DESPITE HER SETBACKS, SHANNON ISN'T GIVING UP. SHE'S BEEN WORKING ON HER SOBRIETY AND MAKING HER VISITS WITH LILY. SHE HAS A LONG WAY TO GO TO HEAL HERSELF, BUT HER LOVE FOR HER DAUGHTER REMAINS UNQUESTIONABLY STRONG. LILY'S GRANDMOTHER KATHY TELLS US SHE'S RENTED AN APARTMENT IN CALIFORNIA AND IS STILL HOPING TO GET CUSTODY OF LILY. MY HEART FEELS LIKE I JUST WANT TO GO GET HER AND HOLD HER AND TAKE HER. I THINK SOMETIMES THAT A RELATIVE THAT LOVES HER WOULD BE BETTER THAN STRANGERS, EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE VERY NICE PEOPLE. Ling: LILY'S FAMILY WILL CONTINUE WORKING TO GET HER BACK, BUT FOR EVERY CHILD LEAVING THE SYSTEM, MORE WILL ENTER, AND LOS ANGELES COUNTY WILL CONTINUE TO GRAPPLE WITH AN ONGOING CYCLE OF HEARTBREAK AND HOPE.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Meadow_lark97 [2 likes]: I was separated from my siblings when my youngest brother was born. My mom was fighting for her life in the hospital and we were basically homeless. We bounced around from family members to family members. It was very hard and traumatic but we were so lucky to have family. This brought up so many memories.
  2. @evelynwilson1566 [1 likes]: What strikes me is how alone these parents seem to be. Their family structures (not just partners but parents and siblings)  have completely broken down and there don't seem to be friends who can help. It's generational trauma.

I am glad that the couple who had experience of foster care are giving back. They seem like kind, loving people. Monica's story is heartbreaking. I am glad that she has been helped with the classes, and pray that things work out for her and her family. I'm glad the girls stayed together.
  3. @michellejones8507 [1 likes]: Everything is falling apart right before our eyes due to sooo many factors but I feel a lot has to do with money and lack of it! It’s so sad, I pray that the lord will be with these beautiful innocent children🙏🙏❤️❤️
  4. @fearlessEm [1 likes]: I was separated from my sister in the 90s I hope she's alive I hope she's well never seen her since the day Mason county Washington CPS separated us
  5. @goldylocksac6586 [1 likes]: Why isn't Lily in a play pen instead of the floor js
  6. @jennyl.5730 [1 likes]: Step up parent help!  Parents are responsible not some system that has no ties to these babies children.
  7. @brandihutchins9355 [1 likes]: Maybe they need to open a few buildings for foster kids an hire people to run safe homes
  8. @beckf78: “You’re gonna be back with your mom soon honey”, is sadly a promise no one should make to a child in foster care. 29:12
  9. @unsoldado2999: Porqué en unos lugares en USA los que dan sus hijos en adopción con buenos padres y sus madres biolo. piden de vuelta a los niños y los quitan de aquellos buenos adoptores, y a éstas madres les prohiben obtener a sus propios hijos, hay negocio con niños ajenos, corruptos
  10. @joagate3259: Did. Work out for Shannon?.
  11. @tameramarshall8845: They took the child away because she had drove to the restraunt while under the influence but then they put the child in the front seat and drove them to jail and to CPS care.  2 wrongs does not make a right.  Putting a child in the front seat is also dangerous. it is unfair and unrealistic standards.
  12. @wendywaldren2343: I was a foster child for 12yrs
  13. @LaurellesLife: Poor Monica, she has to say she did the wrong thing, even though she was left with no other choice.
  14. @RBrown-zl6wo: Lisa Lang, best interviewer ever💕💕💕
  15. @verlindaallen3335: Always keep siblings together.
  16. @RachelSantos-i9t: When you enter the system as a child. Its entering a prison system, q child trafficking network that punishes you out of pure ignorance. The pain and fear that it instills in you is so great, your soul jumps out of your body leaving you zombified as the  state drugs and dopes you up. Foster care is societys shame.
  17. @Creashone: What if there were live-on site jobs for kids who are 15 and older? They need to grow up fast and they need to handle their own cash if they can and also be checked in on by social workers. Seems like it might be a good arrangement? Idk much about it... Love to all people involved in this system who genuinely care. I don't care what side of the coin you are on.
  18. @tck3041: With all my heart I am so happy Monica got her babies back home. I didn't like when Monica had phone time with her daughter and  she was eating a giant icecream/cake obviously given to her by foster mum whilst real mum was trying to talk to her daughter on the phone.
  19. @SinVivvi-r6c: I seen this episode already, the state takes the kid in grants the mom visits but she never visits 😂😂
  20. @AllisonWaugh-p9r: You think these parents are going to tell you how they really feel? 
You think the ones holding all the cards are fair? 
This is just a cop out documentary that doesn’t even show what’s under the surface. 
Seems very ‘put together’.