- Relocation-the woes, the grows and glows | Lisl Foss | TEDxALC: Kind: captions Language: en Have any of you cried yourselves to sleep after moving to a new place? No? Well, you would be in good company here today. Because my big question is why is it so disruptive to close off things in one place and start a new life in another? Even if this change was something we desired and actively pursued. Searching for the answer to this question led me to my experience of relocating to Mauritius almost a year ago. I had left behind a 30-year life of family, friends, and a busy career to start a job in a country I had never even visited before. Eight months into my new life the honeymoon phase was over. What had initially been an exciting challenge had just turned into routine. And the novelty of my surroundings was no longer sustaining me. I was feeling tired, depressed, demotivated, and mostly confused about what was happening to me because I had wanted this move. I realized that if this change was having such a big impact on me it was likely that there might be others who could relate to what I was going through and who might currently even be experiencing some of these adjustment challenges. In doing the research for my presentation, I was surprised to find that there are in fact predictable patterns to the woes, grows, and glows of relocation. And that it's likely that most of us will go through them when we move to a new place. So, today I will be taking a look at what we may expect when we move to a new place and also consider some ways in which we might deal with the impact of this on our lives. Why is relocation to a new place so stressful? One of the reasons is that at core we are creatures of habit and we like the safe and the known. Moving strips us of the familiar trappings of our life. We may become completely disorientated and sometimes feel completely overwhelmed by the sheer newness of everything. As we try to adjust, we may long for the predictability and the sense of control that we left behind. And we may even start doubting the wisdom of our decision to relocate. First night I spent in Mauritius was possibly the worst of my life. I hardly slept, waking every couple of hours with a feeling of utter dread in my stomach. What on earth had I done? Giving up a successful and a happy life to settle on an island in the middle of nowhere where I knew no one. But when we are feeling stretched, alone, and scared in a new place, it's just about impossible to connect with that craving for adventure and independence that brought us here in the first place. These early days of relocation can also be a time of loneliness and fear. We are worried that we won't be able to cope with our work. We worry about making new friends and that the life we left behind won't be the same when we return. That family and friends will have forgotten about us. And there's also sometimes the pressure to give something back to those at home because of the opportunity granted us, because we were the chosen ones above others. The first time I went back home, I didn't know what to expect. How would I feel when I met up with my old friends? Would we still have something left to say to one another? Would they want to hear about my new life? Would I still even care about theirs? During these early days, a sense of isolation and emotional numbness may permeate our days leaving us feeling confused and disconnected. The only solace may well be contact with family and friends from our old lives giving us the strength to carry on. When I arrived in Mauritius, my colleagues and I were accommodated in Elysée Residence. And in those days the Wi-Fi there was very unreliable. But I happened to discover that the bathrooms in the sky room for some reason had the very best Wi-Fi in the building. during my first month in Mauritius, I spent many hours sitting on a closed toilet talking with the people back home, with them wondering why on earth my voice had such a strange echoy ring to it. Leaving home may sometimes bring up memories of unresolved losses from the past. This can make adjusting to the new place even harder. It can feel like there's a kind of noise in our heads which makes meeting obligations and commitments in our new context seem surprisingly diff- difficult, sometimes even insurmountable. We may feel vulnerable and helpless as if hit by a self-imposed earthquake wondering what is happening to us. And we may fear that we will never get our happy, confident selves back again. All these unsettling experiences can be thought of as anxiety stress, a common outcome of relocation. It is an overwhelmed, uneasy, apprehensive, and worrisome state of mind which makes us feel inadequate and unable to cope. It's interesting to note that monkeys who were subjected to the stress of relocation in a research study suffered just as we do exhibiting increases in neurotic behavior, elevated levels of cortisol, which is the stress hormone, and sleep disturbances. So, it is not a figment of our imagination that moving is demanding and exhausting. And it will probably not work to simply pull ourselves together and get over it. Fortunately, there is light at the end of the tunnel. And if we embrace or at most survive the challenges of relocation it can launch us onto an exciting path of expansion. There are ways in which moving to a new place can strengthen us, increase our resilience, and make us more resourceful than ever before. The grows of relocation. One such positive outcome is that in order to deal with the anxiety and helplessness of being out of our comfort zone, we become more flexible. We develop new skills and resort to different approaches even though these novel behaviors might be uncomfortable or scary at first. The level of discomfort associated with my own growth process took me completely by surprise. Before moving to Mauritius, I had longed for a new challenge that would force me to know myself better and develop new skills. I couldn't believe my luck when I was actually offered my current job. To grow seemed such a noble and amazing thing to be able to do. But I never dreamt it would be so difficult and in such unexpected ways. The lessons I have learned have terrified me, challenged me, and almost defeated me. But ultimately, they pushed me to grow and I feel different on the inside now. As with all major transitions, moving also provides a powerful opportunity to heal parts of ourselves that don't emerge unless we are in the midst of significant change. In my own case, living alone away from my family initially made me quite anxious. I hated that feeling that I could fall over and die in my apartment and no one would even know. Eventually, out of desperation, I trained myself to look in the mirror and say, "But you are not alone. Look, there you are. There is somebody here with you. No, I'm learning to enjoy my own company and sometimes even relish the peace and quiet of my apartment rather than feeling afraid of the isolation or wondering where all the other people are having fun without me. Relocation offers further occasion for growth by teaching us to be more independent emotionally, physically, and financially. It increases our resilience and as we find ways to thrive in the new place, we feel more confident of our ability to cope. We understand what is important to us and what we need to make our lives work. The emotional decluttering that happens when we no longer define ourselves in terms of our previous lives creates internal space which allows for new qualities to emerge. We are already rebuilding ourselves as part of the adjustment process. So it becomes easier to update our ways of learning and working to be more efficient or relevant. My previous position was in a traditional 100-year-old university and I often felt pressure to limit myself to conform to the status quo. But upon starting my new job, I was experiencing change on so many levels that it seemed a relatively simple thing to also adjust the way I work. This has been a liberating and exciting process and I have grown professionally as a result. So there definitely are ways in which moving can help us to become stronger. And the evidence suggests that after we have grown and stretched and adjusted to our changed circumstances we can expect some happy times and start experiencing what I call the glows of relocation. One of these is in the area of relationships. Strangers who start a life together in a different place often form lifelong friendships because of their shared vulnerability, especially if the going is tough. Being a newcomer in a community also offers the potential for new friendships and new professional connections. We also learn to reach out more. Away from our usual support networks, we are more likely to ask for help and become more open-minded about accepting invitations from new friends. All of which makes our lives richer and fuller. Furthermore our increased need for support during relocation may lead to a deepening of existing I can honestly say that I would not have survived the first 6 months in Mauritius without long and emotional WhatsApp conversations with family and friends in other parts of the world. They provided a space where I no longer had to hold it all together where I gave myself permission to feel and to be comforted. When a friend from my past life understood what I was going through it cemented the bonds between us. And these relationships are now an even greater source of pleasure in my life. Sometimes the boldness of my move to Mauritius has inspired others back home to make changes in their own lives. Being a role model in this way makes all the discomfort and stress seem worthwhile and it really helps me to trust myself and my decisions going forward. A further glow of the relocation process relates to the way it forces us to experience life moment by moment. Moving is such an all-consuming phenomenon that it leaves little energy or time for anything but the next job that needs to be done. The big questions about where our lives will go after this phase, whether we will succeed or fail, remain unanswered. I am myself currently learning to move away from my personal unknowns like when will my husband join me in Mauritius? What will happen if he doesn't? What will happen if he does? What will happen to me in my old age? How will I stay financially secure? Will I ever settle properly in Mauritius? And what on earth would I do if I went back home? Instead I am learning to remain in the present experiencing the richness of staying focused on what is in front of me and trusting that all will be well. And finally, another wonderful outcome of relocation is the fresh start that it gives us. To be surrounded by new things and different people is interesting and stimulating. The internal energy generated provides momentum for personal change and we have the opportunity to rebuild our lives according to our own needs and goals away from the expectations and constraints of our previous lives. Talking about constraints from previous lives I love swimming and I've often dreamt about being one of those old ladies who go swimming every morning regardless of the weather. But I also happen to hate cold water which was always a big problem back home. Fortunately, here in Mauritius, the wonderful temperature of the sea makes it possible for me to be that crazy lady. And my daily swims have become a new source of joy in my life. So this story will hopefully have a happy ending. Nevertheless the stress associated with moving can do damage to our health and well-being. Relocation is commonly rated as life's third most taxing event following death and divorce. So I would like to end by sharing with you some best practices towards consciously managing the process so that the discomfort of relocation can also bring you equivalent levels of growth and healing. Number one. Remember every day how courageous you are. Cultivate a sense of adventure and explore your new surroundings. Take the risk of getting involved. But also have a safe place to retreat to when you've had enough. Secondly be gentle with yourself and don't be afraid of strong emotions. They are quite normal and will change as you settle. Be patient and accept help and maintain those important relationships back home. Never compare your current life with things back home. Rather focus on the present. Find small things to be grateful for and set a time every day to do something you love or spending time in a beautiful place. Cultivate a kind and positive attitude towards everyone around you, but don't compromise to fit in. Being yourself will more quickly attract like-minded people to you and you will make friends more easily. And finally gently and fully grieve the loss of the life you once lived. Unless we let ourselves feel the sadness of things left behind and let them go, it can be difficult to adapt to the new environment. This takes time and it must happen at our own pace. It is not a race. Ladies and gentlemen, relocation is disruptive for all the reasons discussed here But it is disruptive also in the very best sense of the word. The sad, lonely, and distressed phase usually paves the way for better things to come. In short relocation can feel like one of the worst times of our lives but it may also launch us to the very best. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tubz010 [1 likes]: I never cried when I moved, I find that quite profound, it's been five years now, and never cried over my past, this isn't a brag, just an insight
  2. @LifeWitVcToreey [1 likes]: I moved to Nigeria for school and am experiencing the same 😢❤
  3. @tacocatking7887 [1 likes]: She took it way better than I did. Took her 8 months to lose the appeal, took me about 3 hours
  4. @DLind-li8hc [1 likes]: Anyone going through a tough relocation should spend time (an hour) working out. Preferably running. It helps take your mind off the situation and dramatically lowers cortisol. This will also help with sleep which in turn improves cortisol. Being disciplined with this also provides routine which is crucial when everything else feels so new
  5. @justjules9940: i got a career opportunity abroad and i accepted it, this is the first time in my life i will be relocating and living alone. im scared, excited and sad all at the same time but i know this a great career move for me and can lead me to a better financial stability. everyone around me is so supportive but i just cant help but feel anxious of going to a new place alone
  6. @snowjae9380: Feeling sad about a move. Thank you for sharing. Really sad to let go of my space and felt that I didn’t use it to the full potential. I wish I used the backyard more often. Next time I’ll try to not have regrets like this. So I’ll become stronger from this.
  7. @danielsackett-v1q: I'm so glad I didn't move 😂 it's way more hilarious
  8. @samwise1990: I've got this but backwards - returned home after 7 years abroad and wish I could be back where I created the life I loved.
  9. @michaelvillanueva240: After moving 2,000 miles away to another big city being away from friends I was battling depression for 1 year
  10. @Allenzo04: Get a pet. My cat made my move to a new city feel seamless. He was home :)
  11. @HeyGurlHey94: I will be moving in a couple months leaving my friends and family behind. Thankfully my in laws live where we are moving too but the whole thing is still so scary to me leaving my home town. Reading all this comments is making me feel better and less alone ❤️
  12. @B-RaDD: Algo
  13. @Busayo_AD: I've moved countries several times and moving to a new country can be scary and hard. Things feel different, and it’s normal to worry about the future. But one important thing is to live in the now. You can’t change the past, and you can’t control everything in the future; but you can enjoy today, this moment. Take it day by day, notice the little things, and just be here. Life is happening right now! 🌟
  14. @clivegreen7142: Thank you
  15. @laura-s3v: I moved overseas a few years ago and still regret it. I wish I could go back and warn myself. No, it's not going to be fun, the racism is just going to tear you down more than that old toxic job.
  16. @midwest2mexico: I plan to relocate to another country to be with my husband. I have two small kids and one on the way. It's absolutely terrifying. My family is extremely close nit and leaving them is panic inducing. I don't know how to do it. Any advice is seriously welcome.
  17. @Hellofrens3253: Im thinking of taking a job across the country that pays well but im scared to be away from my family
  18. @Bombieuser: 7:12 😢
  19. @Bombieuser: I got attached to random co worker damn cruse you brain just because you are lonely dontget attached to anyone 😢, old  friend did left me .🙂 but I m trying to love myself  alone
  20. @CharlesUnderwood-b2b: I never move anyplace without drugs involved except for the times I didn't move with my stuff

- How to IMMEDIATELY Change Your Mental State - Tony Robbins Motivation: Kind: captions Language: en people are not one way we are a reflection of the states we're living in when you're in a frustrated state an overwhelmed state a tired state your brain processes completely differently than if you're in a passionate state whether you're feeling determined whether you're feeling committed whether you feel completely resolved so learning to change the leader's state learning how to change your own state because you know people one of the silliest questions i get asked is you're not really that happy are you or you have bad days don't you of course they have you know bad times but i don't have bad days anymore and it's not bs it's because i've trained myself like an athlete to go in these peak states so often that they're just natural for me it's like building a muscle so it's not like i'm so smart or i'm just so positive it's just like why would i waste my time stressing out i have a 90 second rule i'll stress for 90 seconds but stress is not going to solve it let me put myself back in a different state i've been teaching for years that a radical change in your body instantly changes your biochemistry 38 years have taught it two years ago at harvard they did a study scientifically proven what i've been teaching all these decades where they they called power postures yeah the wonder woman yeah spamming like wonder woman or superman for two minutes or like you see guys like this pull back like that for two minutes literally increases your testosterone in your biochemistry within two minutes by it drops cortisol by 18 which is the stress hormone and increases your chance of taking a more risky behavior which is what's required of the leader by 33 percent two minutes now that's just standing a certain way i show people use their voice their body their movement which is ten times more dynamic than just a stiff stance and when you change your state your mental emotional state you change your points um if there are people that are born and upred you may be born with more certainty like people are willing to take more risks there certainly are people of that nature but anyone can be a leader in something that they decide to become masterful in you can be the leader of your own life everyone should lead their own life you should be the leader of your family and so i think everyone can be a leader but there are different types and different styles of leadership and i believe that leadership is a skill it starts with having something that you're committed to that's larger than yourself a vision that's bigger than yourself if there's a large enough vision if you have enough passion for that vision then you're going to have enough drive to actually start to execute and then leadership is the capacity to discipline your disappointment because you're going to have to go through failures and instead of making failures you have to learn from those and then it comes down to the skill of influence once again and so anyone can learn anyone can develop a vision anyone can uncover their passion anyone can learn to influence that's a skill that can be learned so yes leadership can be taught and leadership can be learned can everyone be a leader the answer is yes because there's so many different things to lead in and it's not a situation like you have to follow me free to lead i just have to know what it is i truly stand for i always say there are two things that influence everyone if you want to be a leader you have to know how to change other people's stakes a person is in a no state a person's in an angry state a person's in a frustrated state you have to be able to influence their state because if you change their state you're going to change the result they get but the second thing you have to understand is what are people's blueprints blueprints my shorthand for what are the values what do they believe what do they fear i always say to people and life is found in the dance between what you desire most and what you fear most if i want to lead you and support you i got to know your goals your desires i don't know what you're scared about what you're fearful about what stresses you out if i understand that i can communicate in a way that will inspire you to maximize not only when i'm here that's management leadership is i'm gone and you've raised your own standard and you're going to continue to perform at a higher level

  Top Comments:
  1. @YaNeK92 [3 likes]: 2:08 lol can't believe the guy actually looks at his phone during his time with Tony Robbins.. 😂🤦🏼‍♂️
  2. @AndreaLinde-r5v [2 likes]: All mothers are leaders then❤
  3. @KathySnyder-l3z [1 likes]: Im going to do that. No matter what it is. Rise up because I deserve it. Thank you Tony
  4. @meat4078 [1 likes]: With 8 min more you give little blood to those that they need it. 😊
  5. @joshuapinter: Fucking eh. Don't be afraid. Failing and winning are both living. Not trying and regretting is a miserable, boring existence. 

Dare to live the one life that you have.
  6. @callmediara: Your mental state isn't fixed, it's a muscle you can train. By changing your physiology and using techniques like the 90-second rule, you can shift from overwhelm to peak performance instantly⚡🧘‍♂🦁
  7. @RobbinsForce99: very nice big fan
  8. @elementstosuccess: the music helps 
sort of like a movie trailer that i want to see
  9. @Horrible.reviews.from.Mr.M: State, change your posture and change your feel
  10. @AlesiaD.Dushku: Fantastic explanation, thank you!
  11. @PuneetJindal-x5w: Bye
  12. @tmac9208: :45 "I don't have bad days anymore"... cause I have 100s of millions of dollars..lol
  13. @BuddhakumariRai: Thank❓❓ you want myself to get the❤❤ year old boy👦👦👦👦 I am so😉 happy😊 birthday🎂🎂 party🎉🎉🎉🎉 at me🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳🇨🇳 nahin🥵🥵 hota🏀🏀🏀🏀
  14. @therainbowcodebook: [EIRENE] is the Greek word meaning [PEACE] Strongs #1515. Also translated as [SHALOM] in the Hebrew language. Occuring over 100 times throughout the Bible, EIRENE/SHALOM is defined as; "a place of rest, calmness, quietness, repose, tranquility, a place of order, absence of strife, freedom from enmity or war. A state of reconciliation with men and God." Noteworthy, EIRENE is also the word for which the country "Ireland" was named. Compare the following verses:

"The (true) way of peace they have not known." Romans 3:17

"YHWH turn His face toward you and grant you His shalom!"
Numbers 6:26 

"If not, while the other is still far away, he sends an ambassador and asks for peace. "Luke 14:32

“Blessed is the King who comes in the name of YAHWEH ! Shalom in heaven and glory in the highest!”Luke 19:38 

“If only you had recognized this day the things that lead to shalom!"Luke 19:42 

"While they were speaking of these things, Yeshua Himself stood in the midst of them and said, “Shalom Aleichem!”
Luke 24:36 

"But there will be glory, honor, and shalom to everyone who does good—to the Jew first and also to the Greek."
Romans 2:10

"YESHUA/JESUS said to them again, "Peace be unto you. Just as My Father has sent.'"John 20:19

"Peace, be unto you." John 10:26

"Grace to you and peace from God our Father." Roman 1:7

"Depart, and go in peace." Acts 16:36

“Shalom I leave you, My shalom I give to you. But not as the world gives! Do not let your heart be troubled or afraid." John 14:27
  15. @indioj: Power posture, get some!!!
  16. @SystemGlitcher1: great advice thank you 🙏
  17. @LvrRtdgr: Waiting for him to turn up on the epstein list
  18. @jmseipp: Attitude is Everything - Bumper Sticker
  19. @darrenhilson8558: Toxic positivity. Completely unrealistic.It’s ok to be pissed off . It’s part of the human condition
  20. @teddyboy252: When Tony does not swear he's awesome

- Iski Uski FULL Video Song | 2 States | Arjun Kapoor, Alia Bhatt: Kind: captions Language: en kumar ... Mar ke paper wich bill kar o type da hai tongue life yaar same game do it my way inko fark yaaron ki [praise] wara ho to bia pretty pretty ho to and bia us chicken ho toiya [music] ho toiya aa

  Top Comments:
  1. @GanishaSachdeva7 [1 likes]: 1:00
  2. @Cireeeie [1 likes]: Bhai ye arjun kapoor  movie itni kam ku bnata hai ye mra crush tha initial movies ye vali ishqjaade❤ 
I m still mad for him initial arjun❤
  3. @yashodhanTomar: 😮😮😮😮😮
  4. @JoyaChowdhury-l3l: Anyone watching this in 2026 ❤
  5. @aaravamitabhmishra8675: Mirchi Murga RJ Naved Ke Saath
Ye Toh Paka Mirchi Murga
Aisi ki taisi
Kuk kuk duk kuk
  6. @rahulsawant8859: Iski uski maar dhuski 😂
  7. @Pari-i2p3p: Punjabi tamil  ye hai mohabbatein
  8. @cooitbpcooedits1135: I think this is arjun
  9. @mrsamar: Hi
  10. @mrsamar: Hi hi hi hi
  11. @mrsamar: Hi
  12. @mrsamar: Hi
  13. @mrsamar: Hi
  14. @NishitaPal-k3j: 1:00 start
  15. @MbakYanti-t3r: Kharisma Amalia Prameswari
  16. @jayatibansal2315: Mdkdjygurjhhgfgjhohoodvk7djdjdjdddddkdmdmgb½3e
  17. @jayatibansal2315: Utwhdjdkdkddlejsjdkeejekekekekkekkekeekelelkkkllj❤😊skdndnmmè9ensnskkzjdjdjjdj
  18. @MbakYanti-t3r: Alia Bhatt
  19. @mrsamar: her expressions when surrounded by a bunch of aunties are spot on
  20. @Swam-b8k: Bhagat is also reading this book

- 3 Ways to Better Connect with Your Coworkers | The Way We Work, a TED series: Kind: captions Language: en People feel pretty disconnected at work right now: disconnected from their organizations, from their jobs, and especially from their colleagues. You might feel too burned out to do anything about this last one or maybe think that it doesn't matter. But actually, our relationships with our coworkers play a huge role in determining how successful, innovative and happy we'll be at work. [The Way We Work] Our work relationships give us two valuable things: social support and access to information. And research shows it's the combination that can make us happier and more successful. I'm a social scientist and I study how the way we collaborate affects our well-being and professional success. I have a few tips, and you don't have to be a social butterfly to give them a try. OK, tip number one. Build trust by opening up. Having a close friend at work makes us more effective at our jobs and definitely improves our well-being. If you get along with your coworkers, you probably already have a sense of this, but our work friends are important for another reason and it has to do with access to information. People don't just share their best ideas with anyone. We share with people we know and trust. I ran a multi-year study at Google to find out why some teams are successful and others fail. And what we found is that the teams who trust each other do so much better because people on those teams feel safe sharing their best ideas. So how can you start to build that trust? There's a concept called a vulnerability loop, and the basic idea is that when you’re vulnerable in front of somebody, it makes it a lot easier for them to be vulnerable in front of you. We usually think you have to trust somebody before you can open up. But what this research suggests is that often, trust comes after we've been vulnerable and people have responded empathetically. So taking that risk to share that this week you feel a little off because your kid's starting at a new school or maybe you’re really worried about the status of your big project, that can actually go a long way towards building a sense of trust that can make you and your teams much more effective. OK, tip number two, be a joiner. Surprisingly, our closest friends aren't the best people for giving us access to new information. It's often our acquaintances because they connect us to different social circles and consequently new ways of thinking. Social scientists call these relationships weak ties, and when it comes to innovation, they're more important than our strongest connections. For example, in one study, I found that people who had many weak ties that connected different groups in a large organization were more likely to have high performance scores, more likely to be promoted and even more likely to say they were a part of a creative breakthrough. The best way I've seen for developing weak ties is to join groups outside of your day-to-day work. Things like philanthropic organizations, sports clubs or employee resource groups are great examples. You never know. Tobin from Legal, who you met playing pickleball, might have a great idea that can really help you out in your next project. And for leaders trying to spark innovation, having a regular trivia group might be more effective the best-run strategy summit. OK, this last tip is especially helpful for managers. Tip three: Make it a little bit easier for people to belong to something. A number of years ago, I helped redesign the onboarding process at a big company. At the time, the onboarding week was maybe informative, but it didn't do a lot to create meaningful connection. So I ran an experiment. Every week, I assigned new employees to one of five groups, each with a different colored T-shirt, and something amazing started to happen. Almost immediately, people wearing yellow T-shirts started having breakfast together. People in the green T-shirts started walking between the different sessions together. And at the end of the week, we blew by our happy hour budget because people hung out together so much longer than they ever had. The best part is, after that onboarding week, many of those people stayed in touch for years, which became a great source of weak ties across the organization. The reason the T-shirt experiment worked so well is because it gave people an easy way to identify the group they belong to. You could be creative here. Even things like swag, T-shirts and project code names can go a long way towards creating a sense of belonging. Look, people feel really isolated and disconnected right now. That's not surprising, we've all just been through a global pandemic. The best part about reconnecting is that it doesn't just benefit you, it benefits the whole community that you help create.

  Top Comments:
  1. @trangle1506 [55 likes]: One of the many reasons I continue to work at my company is because of my coworkers; they are my best friends. As an introvert, I may not easily initiate communication, but I make an effort to be friendly and find at least one close friend. Having such friendships helps prevent feelings of loneliness.
  2. @DewdropzHR [3 likes]: This resonates with the research we have done at Dewdropz as well. Helping to facilitate a sense of belonging and enabling opportunities for weak ties to form in the workplace. The trust aspect is something that has to come from the participants themselves through interaction. Regardless of who is helping you or what tool you use at your organisation, as long as something is being done to help people from getting burned out and feeling isolated. I hope employers are watching these videos too.
  3. @MrRaiderporvida [3 likes]: Coworkers are not to be trusted
  4. @leatherbear4059 [2 likes]: I don’t want to connect with my co-workers. I have nothing in common with them. He should take my job for a week, I’d be fascinated to find out what he had to say about the place.
  5. @Mexicoon69 [2 likes]: Naah. How about you go to work, do what you are being paid to do and then go home with the money you need to live. If everyone did this everything will be awesome. I don't need other b/s. The only group we need to belong to is the group that does what they are paid to do.
  6. @vegan.rex_8 [1 likes]: I think this video is targeted more to a big company. I work as an engineer in a small manufacturing company. There is no 'happy hours' or 'team building' or 'onboarding' for employees. I just started and I'm already exhausted.
  7. @EstryYT [1 likes]: Thanks for the help! I really feel anti-social to my co-workers but I feel like I have a chance to make new friends. 😁
  8. @Megadave4life [1 likes]: That’s the co worker thing if the office hours gets terminated we vanish in thin air lol co workers are sadly not personal friends
  9. @sudevsen [1 likes]: This is Work From Office propaganda.
  10. @FactCheck-101 [1 likes]: Work from home is great until you realise you miss your Co workers! 🥺
  11. @NPCBoxing: I’m here to say you should give guilted seminars to companies to help with HR and employee morale. I love this
  12. @MellieBellie722: Being vulnerable with coworkers might work if they aren't bigots. When I hear them talking, I know I can't share that I'm worried about a friend being deported. 

And if your coworkers are backstabbers, you definitely shouldn't share anything!
  13. @mushroominCanada: Your coworker is not your friend
  14. @EhsanFartoot-j9y: Great!
  15. @뷜로: 2:48
1:20
  16. @ParzivalPheonix: The t-shirt thing is classic Tajfel.
  17. @aidarjapykeev4544: Bro i feel so much more a robot than a man
  18. @CarlosGT250: TED robó a terciresumenes
  19. @arsheleloyan-oy5rn: Why are you alone
  20. @5lammer: this is exactly why i couldn't finish sekiro, it never takes the time to explain what enemies are weak to what attacks

- 7 Stages of a Long Distance Relationship: Kind: captions Language: en - [Amanda] Hey there Psych2Go family. We at Psych2Go are grateful and humbled by your love and support. Here at Psych2Go our mission is to make content on mental health and self-help more accessible to everyone. So, let's continue to navigate everyday psychology. (acoustic music) Research shows an estimated 75% of college students will be in a long-distance relationship at some point during university. Even though social media, messaging apps and video calls make it easy for couples to stay connected while apart for extended periods of time, long-distance relationships are anything but easy. Studies have shown higher break up rates in long-distance relationships that in close distance ones. Oh, dear! And while some long-distance relationships even start out that way when couples meet online, others transition from close distance to long-distance relationships. Here are seven stages in a long-distance relationship. One, decision. The first chapter in the book of long-distance relationships is the decision to try to make long-distance work. When one partner lives far away or is faced with an opportunity or obligation that requires travel, and the other partner cannot or chooses not to go with them, the couple has to choose between breaking up or entering into a Common factors that cause couples to consider a long distance relationship are travel due to job description or promotions, a partner in the military, education and emergency or family members moving. During the decision stage, partners evaluate whether they wanna commit to a long-distance relationship and others decided it's best to simply end their relationship. Two parting. Once both partners have agreed to pursue a long-distance relationship, so begins the second chapter titled parting. They'll try to spend every minute together before they're separated to make up for the weeks, months or years they'll spend apart. This is also the stage where partner should set boundaries and make rules to keep the relationship healthy when it transitions to long-distance. Three, transition. The transition stage comes after one or both partners have left, launching the long-distance part of their relationship. In this stage, partners might be in a state of denial or simply too busy with the practicals of moving and adjusting to life without their partner to dwell on how the relationship has changed. They'll probably message or call their partner frequently and keep them updated on every little thing, they might still feel like they're still in a close distance relationship. And then comes four, realization. Were you just about to call them to meet you for coffee? Has the fact that you can't meet up with them whenever you like just kinda sunk in? Do you feel at a loss because you could really use a hug from them right now? If so, you've now entered the next chapter, realization. During this stage, couples begin to process what life is like without their partner. They must face the reality that they can't depend on their partner to be there for them physically anymore. The realization stage, while painful also teaches partners to be more independent, have better time management and improve their communication. Five, jealousy. Did they just post a photo of them having fun at the beach with new friends? Are they planning to go to an event with their new colleagues? Like, really? Here you are not being able to even eat properly because you miss them so much while they've already made new friends. Jealousy is a common stage in long-distance relationships. In a study 125 U.S. college students who had been or were currently in long-distance relationships, concluded that jealousy was the most commonly experienced negative emotion while they were apart. Participants in the study reported feeling jealous, not only of potential romantic interest, but also a friends and family who got to spend more time with their significant other than they did. Six, doubt. Now comes the climax. Relational uncertainty is another typical stage in long-distance relationships. Long-distance partners reported that the longer they went without seeing their partner face to face the greater their relationship uncertainty became. And if one or both partners have doubts about the relationship before the transition to long-distance, their relationship has a weaker chance of surviving. And seven, validation. Validation is the last chapter in the book. Partners in a successful long distance relationship will find themselves returning to the stage again and again. While the unsuccessful ones might end in stage six, doubt, study show that the long-distance partners are just as satisfied with their relationships as close distance partners when their partner actively listen to them and responded in positive ways. This means although long-distance partners were not face to face they still felt like their relationship improved after phone or online communication, as long as they could tell their partner supported them. This study points to the importance of disclosure and open and honest conversations to build trust and validation. Long-distance relationships are high maintenance, but very rewarding. Once partners decide to commit to a long-distance relationship, they'll inevitably go through new experiences without their partner. may come with jealousy and doubts, but they also offer an opportunity for partners to step back and re-evaluate their relationship. And if they find themselves choosing each other again and again, then their relationship has a strong chance of working out. Are you in a long-distance relationship now? Have you observed these stages in such relationships around you? Do let us know in the comments below. Also remember to like and share this video with those who are or in the near future might be in a long-distance relationship. Don't forget to subscribe to Psych2Go and hit the notification icon for more videos. Thanks for watching. (acoustic music continues)

  Top Comments:
  1. @Psych2go [1300 likes]: Feeling down and need some naruto flute music to cheer you up? Watch https://youtu.be/p8CBDLR60nI :0
  2. @OceanChannelProductions [3 likes]: The Doubt thing is real. And i feel a lot of anxiety after a few days since the last call
  3. @nearbutdistant [1 likes]: Sometimes I wonder if the other person feels this too, or if I’m the only one holding onto something that’s already fading.
  4. @Tuxedo_Official-Edits [1 likes]: Im crying... me and my Ex never worked out... im still in highschool he is already working and has a job... once i finish school hes going to America for a new job... i cant visit him because i have so much stress and my family doesnt approve of us... (our age difference is 4 years) 
Hes had so many peaple ask him out yet he had to break their hearts just waiting for me... i didn't want him to put his life on hold for me.. so i said he can be in a different relationship... we promised we will wait for each other but...

Promises are never meant to last....
  5. @rdi9344: Well I've moved in finally with my GF after 3 years of long distance, and wanted to just see if any of the things on the vid would be interesting and I just remembered moments and connected with almost most points but im so proud and happy we made !
  6. @Kxr2008: I'm starting out a ldr with someone I really love we aren't official yet but she wants it and I want it to so I'm just trying to be ready when it happens
  7. @mochiandpochi009: 🥰
  8. @Alexa-25a: Had a LDR for 6 months, i was the happiest I've ever been, he left me then, this was 2 yrs ago. Then he saw other women in his city, ihad another relationship but it was awful, later on, i still hoped it returns until he dates another woman, the world still crumbles all around me to this day, I loved and love him too much...😢 (i was committed despite the distance, why it has to be so awful?)
  9. @karolinastrnadova7638: Having long distance relasionship 1year And im guessing were in time fór our selfs  ill Always Chosé my bf but not sure if He sees út thé same fór Now i dont want to anoi him And not talking fór hole days  moustly také IT as my falt :( 
Could someone Tell mě what to do
  10. @Versatile668: Not long distance of any kind in my account not romantically not sexually not relationship not long distance from Kansas
  11. @slowly2717: well this is what awaits me and my girl, she’s leaving for college next year, its still so far away yet so close, and im really scared of it, but im sure we’ll pull through.
  12. @Treds_YT_: Currently yes, I met her online and I am constantly getting attacked by anxiety that she might one day have "fun" in bed while I didn't know.

But my trust and love to her never lets me get eaten by that thought, I just hope she won't do that....cause I really committed myself to her. I push away females so that I won't make her jealous and make her trust me. I really love her to the bottom of my heart. If I lose her then I will probably just off, I made my dreams and hopes to meeting her and making her happy one day. Providing and giving her whatever she wants and needs.
  13. @MizamoMdekazi: Yes, I have been in a long relationship this past few months and all of this steps in this video I have experienced all of them and I'm still trying to figure my relationship out
  14. @MauriceMotoMan: Had to slow this down for my gf who sat next to me as we have a neighbour that has a long distance relationship.
She's still learning english so i slowed down the speed obly to have the host sound drunk😂😂😂😂
  15. @nathanielschmiedecke9928: Hey, Idk if you'll every see this or not because of the age of this video but...I just saw my girlfriend in person and we had a fantastic time. but i live 6 hours away and i just got back home yesterday and i wont lie my heart hurts really bad and i miss her, is there somthing i can do to just ease it a bit to where i can try to stay strong enough to see her again? if you read this then thank you for your time. i hope god blesses you.
  16. @DuneTheKaiju: ... What about an online poly relationship 😭 I have two gfs
  17. @renticat: I wish there is serious ones but mostly it's not real. They never come.
  18. @AvaLovesisac: I
  19. @MunguldeiGanzorig: We passed almost a year together but my boy friend and his family made a decision to immigrate another country even another continent. Our time difference 13-14. We’ve been like this for five months now. We are starting to face psychological issues and misunderstandings from now on. But I believe we can overcome this and make the happiest life ever.
  20. @cal_ii: we broke up yall

- The Art of Snowbirding l Life at 35 Living in Two States: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, dreamer. I'm Britney. Today, I wanted to sit down and have a little chat with you about many people's longterm dream of snowboarding. That was always a dream of mine growing up. I always wish that I could escape the cold. I grew up in the really cold winters up in Illinois and all I wanted to do was go someplace warm for the winter. And now I do, if you have been watching this channel for a while, you know that I have a property here in Orlando, Florida, and I also have a home in Illinois. And me and my husband go back and forth between them as we will and as the kind of weather dictates. This was always something that I wanted to do. and we continually get a lot of questions about it. And I don't actually talk a whole lot about it. So, I thought I would sit down today and answer a lot of the more common questions that we get about snowboarding. So, hopefully you find this helpful. Hit the like and subscribe button if you do and let's dive right in. So, the first category I thought we would dive into is cost. That's definitely the number one question that we get is like how do you afford it? How do you kind of manage the cost of two households? And the number one answer that I have for that is uh short-term rentals. Airbnb, Verbo, pretty well. All of the above we've used and tried is definitely not an ad for any of them, but that's just simply how we've managed to afford it. Here in Florida, we rent out part of our home. And up in Illinois, we actually stay in a short-term rental that we pretty well use as a short-term rental fulltime there. And we just live in it whenever we go up there. So, that's kind of how we manage the cost. Otherwise, it would be incredibly expensive and probably something that we would need to have at least one or both of the properties completely paid off to sustain. I can go into a separate video on actual the breakdown cost because I could easily talk to 20 30 minutes on just the actual cost section of like managing the finances of multiple properties in multiple states. But that's the general overarching answer to it. Now, in the past to manage cost whenever we were very first dipping our toe into whether or not we actually wanted to be snowbirds is rentals, us renting, not owning. So, we would come down for 2, 3, 4 months in the winter. We book almost a year ahead to get a solid good monthly rate, and we would just come down and rent a short-term rental out. And that's why Orlando was really good for that because there's a lot of affordable or at least there were back in the day. 5 7 years ago, there was some decently affordable uh short-term rentals down in the Disney area. So, that could be a good solution. If you're thinking about doing it, I always recommend if you can test it out for a little bit less bunny than actually jumping in the lake head first, then that's what I would do. Kind of test the waters. Also, something you should think about in the cost category is the idea of using huge spans of time to your advantage. So, I definitely think of terms of like months whenever I want to be somewhere. this because it's just cheaper overall. Traveling expenses are going to be cheaper because you're not going back and forth as often and you can then rent something or have it open if you are renting it yourself for longer periods of time between making it easier to fill vacancy and therefore kind of equalizing the cost a bit. If you're just back and forth all the time, then your rental calendar or your rental cost is just going to be a little bit more chaotic and much harder to budget long term. One of the costs that people continually overlook and I honestly overlooked whenever we first started snowboarding and it's taken us seven years to get this even remotely under control and that is the cost of products, food products, beauty products, household products. If you're going to buy or even long-term rent another property in another state, then you're going to need doubles of everything. And that can be so so expensive. And it's taken about 7 years, I would say a solid 5 years for us to accumulate a double household worth of things. I definitely would suggest getting used things at least to start out to kind of manage that cost if you're trying to establish yourself in a new area. I mean, after all, you're only going to be there part of the time anyway. The other product cost that I mentioned is food. And I am still getting better about this, even though I have gotten a lot better than when we first started. And that was kind of managing like how much food we threw away whenever we were going back and forth. So that last week before we go up to Illinois or we come back down to Florida, I'm really scraping the bottom of the freezer and the pantry and I'm really trying to use up all of those last products. Being in a normal household, this is something you probably would never do. you're generally hopefully uh not going to be like running out of food completely, but I found it the very best to just leave your house pretty bare. Up in Illinois this past year, we lost power for 3 days and so we got back and we had to throw away anything that we had saved in the freezer. It all went bad. So, it's never good to leave products there because you might not even know that the power went out or something happened to different products while you were gone. It's really not good for things to sit. And so, for that reason alone, you might need to manage the products that you buy a little bit more carefully. especially my beauty products. Whenever I come down to Florida or I go up to Illinois, I use different products in like different locations and sometimes it's hard for me to remember what I have up there and what I might need to pack. But we have found it best and most convenient to just have doubles of everything. We go back and forth enough every 2 3 months or so that products, beauty products particularly, stay okay. So, it just makes sense for us to have doubles. But, you might just want to pack all of your beauty personal hygiene supplies and just take them with you and only have one set of those. Just something to kind of think about either way. The next category that I wanted to dive into is general social life. So, this came as a huge shock to me, but it's actually hard to manage relationships remotely. I know I I'm sure I say it and you're like, "Duh, Britney, of course it is." But as you know, somebody who had grown up in like a small community and all of her friends had pretty well stayed local, this was quite a shock to me where I would leave town for a month or two and they would continue living their lives while I was away and then I was trying to like inject myself back into their lives and reconnect with them whenever I came back. It has been a slow learning curve to learn how to maintain those relationships while I'm not near people. I definitely am one of those people that I don't really like to text and pick up the phone to like talk with people. I would much rather like go out, let's have a drink, let's go out to dinner, let's go bowling, whatever really. But I would prefer to be physically with you if I'm trying to be a friend or be in a relationship with you of really any sort. So that was definitely like a learning curve for me. Also, as somebody who desperately suffers from FOMO so bad, the amount of events and parties and various other life happenings that are going to happen, you're simply just going to be out of town. You're not going to be able to attend. It would just be chaotic for you to attend. You would be doing that back and forth that I mentioned in uh section one. But it's just not feasible to be at every event. And there might be an event happening a couple months later that you're like, "Oh my gosh, I would love to go to that. There's always beautiful plays and musical events going on here in Orlando." And I am constantly looking at my calendar being like, "No, I think I'm going to be out of town for that." And it's like, dang, I would love to go to that. it's just not going to happen. So, feeling involved in the community and going to all those events is definitely a luxury that you don't realize until you move away and then you have to kind of pick and choose what events that you go to. So, just something to put in perspective and be aware of moving forward if you're considering snowboarding. So the next section is a little bit more dull than the first couple and that is just government normal issues that you deal with mail in particular. I have found it useful to have a permanent address somewhere whether that be Illinois or Florida and just to hold that permanent address. Some people I know switch their permanent address to wherever they like currently are. Uh that's like fine, but our number one problem that we've encountered with that is mail. The mail forwarding service can be hit or miss really on its best day. And we've missed notices before. We've missed bills before. and we just found it not worth it and a super good idea that you just have your mail held or if possible gathered up in bulk and then sent to you at your location that you're at. PO boxes are great for that. There's also separate business services like mail services that'll do that for you. All decent good options in my personal opinion and super super useful and worth paying for if you need to. This next section is about habits. Now this can be a good or bad thing depending on how you think of it. So people establish habits based on the systems that they have in place. Now, those systems are affected by all of the different circumstances that you live your life in. For example, you might brush your hair first before brushing your teeth just because of where your hair brush is in relation to your toothbrush. Just a really rough example. Whenever you go to a new location, be at a different house in a different state, then that's going to throw off your systems. And so you're going to do things differently in different locations and in different homes. Our home here is set up very, very different than our home in Illinois is also here. We can spend almost every gorgeous minute outside. I mean, it's beautiful today. Full sunshine, perfection, wonderful. While in Illinois, I think it's raining today. It's probably around 40° and miserable. you don't really want to go outside. So, here I even like walk the dog four or five times just to go on a little stroll out in the beautiful weather. Where in Illinois, I'm walking her maybe three times because I don't really want to go down the stairs out into the cold and kind of brave the wind and rain a lot of the time. There's just different habits that you're going to establish in different locations and trying to fit both locations into the same box is going to make you continually struggle. So, what I think of it is is like a fresh start every time you go to a different property. It's your chance to reinvent yourself, if you will, and possibly start a new, better habit or try something new. That in itself will give you such an endorphin high because it's new. And so you're going to be able to experience all of that newness every time you go back and forth and you're starting new habits and you're trying new things out. So that's really a great thing except if you have like a really lovely life in one location and you're just really happy with the way you get up of a morning and your breakfast that you have and the way you work out and the way you go about your day, then you're going to have to be very very careful whenever you're going back and forth that you can maintain those habits and you set up the right systems for that. But if you're thinking about snowbirding, then you're probably not happy. Sometime in the year, I would say it's fairly likely that your habits are getting disrupted by the weather wherever you are. And so, it's probably going to be a good thing that you're moving somewhere new during some months and going to be able to have that new system of habits. But just be aware that they will change just because you're in a new environment. And that's not necessarily a bad thing. The next category, if you can call it that, because this will probably be fairly brief, but one of the things I really want to talk about and one of the huge upsides of being a snowbird is the travel. Now, you might be thinking, okay, you're traveling back and forth between locations, and that's not so fun. It definitely takes time out, potentially a day, half a day, depending on how far you're going to travel and adjust to a new location. However, the positive side of that is that you are kind of unlocking a another area. So, if you're moving from the northern US to the south for the winter, then that's going to open up cheaper flights to the Caribbean. And you're going to be able to explore more locations in like Mexico and South America where whenever you were in possibly like New England, you are possibly really familiar with Canada, maybe even like Greenland, Iceland, Europe possibly, but you haven't really explored a lot of the south that's kind of been like below you because it's just farther away and it's harder to get to. So, whenever you establish yourself in a new location, it definitely opens your world to being able to explore even more of that area around you. Like, it's been amazing moving to Florida and finding all these amazing small Florida towns to explore. There's so many small Florida towns that have so much personality that I never knew of and I probably would never have known of if I hadn't moved here. So, that's a huge plus and something I really hadn't counted on whenever I moved here and I'm really excited to continue to enjoy in the future. So, the last thing I wanted to talk about before we kind of summarize everything is pets. And I would go into children, but I don't have any, so I don't really have anything to bestow on you knowledgewise with that. I mean, I'm sure you already have given that plenty of thought as to how snowboarding would affect your children if you had them, but I do and can want to talk about pets. Now, I've had a couple of Yorkys while I've been a snowbird. And Yorkies are particularly well uh adapting dogs and obviously she's pretty compact. She's pretty tiny. And so I can really take her anywhere. And I really worked on this Yorkie being much more uh open to new experiences and not being so afraid of the world as my uh previous Yorkie was. And that has made a huge difference with the adjustment. But whatever you're factoring costs, definitely factor in that you're going to have to either pay to fly your dog down or you're going to drive down every single time that you're like snowboarding. And also how your dog is going to adapt to a new environment. I will say that I haven't noticed any negative effects with my dog Luna snowboarding down to Florida. She seems to be happy to be wherever I am and adjust to her new home wherever that'd be perfectly fine. She seems actually pretty happy whenever we get down here and she gets more walks outside. So that's something. If I'm happy then she's happy. I'm pretty sure she also has playdates and vets in multiple locations. So, she's well taken care of no matter where we're at. And honestly, I could probably talk about this all day. I mean, there's so many more categories and things that we could talk about. So, if you have questions, definitely leave them down in the comments. I would be happy to answer them or make another video diving deeper into any of these topics. I just wanted to give you guys kind of a brief overview of like how we think about the snowboarding and all of the benefits and pitfalls that we have encountered over the last seven eight years that we have been snowbirds. I would say overall I love it. There of course are things that are challenging about it at times, but I wouldn't change it and I don't think we're planning on changing it anytime soon. I really love the falls up in southern Illinois. They're beautiful and the spring is really great, too. So being able to enjoy more seasons out of the year instead of just raging hot or weirdly rainy and kind of chilly here in Florida. That's Florida's two uh climates or seasons and you might get both of those in one day. if you know then you know but I really really have enjoyed it and it's been something that we have kind of worked towards for a while and I would recommend snowbirding if you struggle especially with seasonal depression. I I struggled with seasonal depression for so many years whenever I was younger. I really enjoy having the sunshine almost every single day and it has made a huge huge impression on my mood and overall well-being. So something to think about. You can't necessarily put a price on health. So let me answer any of your questions below and I'll be back shortly with another video. Until next time, dreamer. And bye. [Music]

- Married But Living in Different States — Does USCIS Approve That?: Kind: captions Language: en We want to get married, but live in different states. Hi, I'm Jim Hacking, immigration lawyer practicing law throughout the United States. out of our offices in St. Louis, San Diego, Washington DC, and Chicago, Illinois. In this video, we're talking about situations where someone like on an F visa or a work visa, uh, marries a US citizen or lawful permanent resident and wants to apply for adjustment of status based on that marriage. The plan is, to eventually live together, but in the short term, we' don't know exactly when that's going to happen. So this is a scenario that comes up often. We talk to people all the time here on international student visas like Fs or Js, and they have fallen in love with a US citizen. They go regularly to see their partner, or maybe their partner had to move right before they got married or right before they applied for an immigration benefit. Maybe they went to school together and they both graduated, and one got a job in Cleveland, one got a job on OPT in, uh, Cincinnati. And so we have them in two different cities. How are we gonna handle that? How can this case be approved? Well, whenever we come across a scenario like this, I always, uh, ask the people that are involved in the situation, the spouses or the fiances, and I say, "Well, three things. Number one, do you have a legitimate reason for living apart? Like can we document the reason why?" So if you have a job in Cincinnati for Procter & Gamble and you're making twice as much as you could make if you were living with your spouse in Cleveland, that's a good reason to be separated from each other. And so they're going to want to look at that. They're going to want to see proof of that. You're going to have to walk them through why you actually live together. Second thing is, what are you doing to see each other? Do you go see each other once every two months like the guy who called me on the Immigration Answer Show the other day? Or do you go down every weekend or every other weekend or go down three days a week? Whatever it is, do you, do you spend time together? Do you appear to be in love? Do you appear to be people who want to spend as much time as humanly possible that are sort of sad when you have to go back to Cleveland or go back to Cincinnati? Uh, whatever the case may be. And so that's number two, which is: what are you doing now to spend time together? So really what I'm talking about is past, present, and future. Past is: what's the real reason why you have to live apart? Present is: wha- what are you doing now to stay together as much as you can? And then the future, what's the long-term plan? And that's the third question. What's the long-term plan for staying together and being together? And so if you have, uh, one more year of school to do and your spouse had to move away to start their kick-ass job at Procter & Gamble, that's going to make a lot more sense than if you have an open, no decision, no time anywhere in the near future. The officer wants to believe you. The officer wants to understand, "Yeah, this makes sense. This couple is living apart just temporarily because one of them got this great job," or something like that. It's still gonna be a high hurdle. It's still gonna be a high burden. You're still gonna have to satisfy them that the marriage. is real. This is especially true if the beneficiary was out of status. So when a beneficiary is out of status and marries someone and they don't live with them, not good, not good. You're already starting behind because they think that' you were out of status, so you paid someone to get married so that you could then get in status, that your marriage is inherently not real. It's just to get an immigration benefit. When you don't live together, that's just giving them more ammunition to hit you over the head with, and I've even had people who were out of status, weren't living together, and didn't have a plan on when to live together, and I frankly turned that case down because it was gonna be very, very hard to approve. So those are the things that you need to think about. I think this is especially true in 2025 where they're looking for reasons to say no. So you're going to have to show that the relationship is real. I would say that, you know, I always ask people, "On a scale of one to ten, how much evidence do you have? One being very little, ten. being a lot." I would say that if you're living apart, you need 12. You need extra evidence. You need longer detail. You know, what I don't like is when people live apart and they haven't really known each other all that long. That just seems screwy. I think USCIS says, "Hmm. I think this is just to get Abdullah or, uh, Vinesh a green card, not really because Abdullah and Vinesh are in love with somebody else." So that's the deal with that. So if you have any questions, uh, or if you're thinking about hiring us, give us a call at 314-961-8200. Happy to help with green card cases like this. Also, uh, you can email us, info@hackingimmigrationlaw.com. If you're just looking for free resources or just have a question, come on my Immigration Answer Show, ask me a question. We do that show three or four times a week. You can text the word SHOW to 314-470-3300. You can also subscribe to our YouTube channel so that whenever we go live you can, um, get alerted to that. And then finally, follow us on TikTok @immigrationhacking. Thanks so much. We'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @robertadinolfi4217 [1 likes]: Yes. I got two grants. One was given a NOID -- you have to make the pieces fit. Another Chinese woman was married to a USC man in Michigan but moved to NYC to sell clothes with her sister. These people were age appropriate and both very good looking. The wife was ordered excluded and could adjust without reopening the case. We wrote a letter to the Detroit field office and requested the file be sent to NYC to minimize the chance of her being detained. The request was granted. We are sitting in the waiting area in NYC and I am talking to the couple. All of a sudden she says "you see this ring, my father-in-law carved it out of a deer hoof." Prior to that moment I was still on the fence, but I went to law school in Michigan and the state is crazy about hunting. The officer told us that too. I love your passion about what you do and wish I still had it.
  2. @666happygirl2 [1 likes]: Or maybe the foreign national, is really a SCAMMER,  just trying to get the green card,  and he only comes to visit for less than 24 hrs.    even after planning on being together for a few days,  only to start a argument and leave.  Oh yessss,  it sure does happen. But once you find out what their Really up, Once You  know,  You Must  Go.. Heartbreaking it is , but it happens.
  3. @oinkcastle [1 likes]: Thanks for this video! Is this advice the same for a couple where the US citizen is in USA and my fiance is back in his country post grad?

Ofc with plans to reunite and live together in marriage.
  4. @JuliMontagnaSears: Does this apply if we got married in the same country, but we now live separately? I live in Argentina and my husband lives in the US

- Working and living in different states?: Kind: captions Language: en hey there let's talk about your place of business where is your place of business what state are you a resident of uh many folks used to live in mass and work in mass for example then they moved to new hampshire so if you live in new hampshire and still work in mass you're going to pay mass tax but with covid there's been a lot of change around that let's say you live in new hampshire and now work in new hampshire and you don't even set foot in mass do you owe tax to massachusetts what about your payroll company what if you go to maine for example which has a state tax where new hampshire doesn't have a state tax you'll need to have your company withhold main tax instead of mass tax i guess what i'm getting at is kovit has made this even more challenging for many businesses and individuals to figure out what tax to pay to which jurisdiction and that makes it even more important to get to your advisor early and figure out what works and what doesn't what's right for you and what isn't let's not pay tax to a state if you're not a resident or not working in that state for sure please reach out with questions and we'd love to help in any way we can

- Living In Different States? Marriage Green Card Adjustment of Status: Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, we're talking about spouses living in two different states during your marriage adjustment or status case, some tips, and how to best present your case. Hi guys, my name is Cassenia. I make videos for people who are going through the familybased green card process. I'm not an attorney. My videos are based on public information, my own experience and the experience of my subscribers. And the purpose of my channel is to give you guys the confidence to go through this process completely on your own. So, like I mentioned in the beginning of this video, this is for those of you who are going through the marital adjustment of status case, but you and your spouse happen to live in different states. While it is not a complete disqualifier of your marriage green card case, spouses living in different states may have to go through additional scrutiny. So, one of the things that will most definitely happen in your case if you and your spouse live in different states is that you will be most likely invited to a green card interview. Of course, for the most part in 2025, we're seeing an increase in marriage green card interviews in general. But I do want to tell you that even in the past few years when a lot of marital interviews were waved, the spouses who lived apart in different states for the most part were still invited for an interview. USCIS officers firstly wanted to see if both spouses will show up to the interview in the first place and also they usually would want to clarify during the interview why you live apart. Now, to get ahead of this issue, one of the things you can do is to actually present a testimony or a signed statement explaining why you live apart to make sure that a USCIS officer understands that this is just a temporary arrangement and for what reason and how do you plan to establish your future life together? how soon it will actually happen and what steps are you currently taking to maintain your marital relationship. Which brings me to my second point. You want to supplement your case with lots of additional bonafide marital evidence. And I'm not only talking about photographs or trips, booking confirmations. Those are all great pieces of evidence, but they're not as strong as financial and legally binding pieces of evidence. For example, filing your taxes together as married filing jointly or having each other on health insurance, life insurance, car insurance, etc. Also, make an effort to visit your spouse as much as possible. USCIS wants to make sure that you do make an effort to go see your spouse, especially during important dates like holidays or dates that are related to your marriage and your relationship in general. And finally, I do get this question a lot. Spouses who live in different locations, what address do we use on the forms and where do we send our cases? On your forms, you should be writing your physical address exactly as it is now. So, if you and your spouse are located in two different states, you should be writing exactly in those states where you're located. But for the mailing address portion, I do recommend that you choose one of the spouse's addresses to use as a mailing address for all USCIS correspondents and even for your evidence. Now, where to send your file for spouses who are eligible for concurrent filing? So, like a spouse of a US citizen who is eligible to file I130 and I485 at the same time. If you live in different states, it is likely that the address where you must send your I130 petition will be different to the address where you must send your I485 application because the I130 petition belongs to the petitioner. So to the logbox facility that is associated with the address of the petitioner and I485 and all the rest of the forms will generally be mailed to the logbox facility that is associated with the beneficiary's address. So, in that case, to avoid confusion and avoid splitting up all the forms, send the I130 petition online through the petitioner's USCIS account. And the rest of the forms, such as the I485, the affidavit of support, the medical exam, the employment and travel authorizations, those forms can then be sent by mail to the lockbox facility associated with the beneficiary's address. Of course, don't forget to include the copy of the I130 online receipt notice in your packet to make sure that USCIS can locate and connect the two cases. Additionally, in the I130 petition, in part of the application that asks where the beneficiary will apply for adjustment of status, you would want to indicate the field office that is closely located to the beneficiary's current residence. But do keep in mind that you will have to travel to that location when your interview will be scheduled. And a final bonus tip for spouses who are in the military. Your spouse may not be able to attend the marriage green card interview because they are deployed or stationed somewhere else and are unable to leave their location. USCIS does have a policy for these situations. Your best bet is to keep your interview date and simply attend it alone. But do provide proof of your military spouse's ID and their current assignment. So, I hope that you found this video useful. I hope that you are able to navigate this process freely without any difficulties. If you haven't done so yet, please subscribe to my channel, give this video a thumbs up, and I hope to see you guys in my next videos.

  Top Comments:
  1. @VegJain [7 likes]: I recently went through this kind of AOS we live in different states. I got approved
  2. @JobaniElgrande [2 likes]: Kseniya International is simply one of the best channels, if not the best, for family-based immigration processes. 

At 3:20 I think you should also have the form I-130A. Maybe.
  3. @MyDreamVisa [1 likes]: This was such a clear and insightful video. Your tip about submitting I-130 online and including the receipt with the I-485 package is especially helpful (that’s not something most people would think of) 🙏
  4. @Rickyricardo17 [1 likes]: Keep up the Good work kseniya❤❤ you are awesome
  5. @katherinewang2053: This is SUPER helpful, thank you so much!!
  6. @bpcn94: Me as the beneficiary living in adiffent state, can be added on Part 6.  Sponsor's Employment and Income of I-864 as Person 1 so my income is included in the total household income? I have no dependents.
  7. @fritziecamungol7736: Hello Kseniya! Just wanna let u know that all your vids are really helpful and detailed. Kudos! 

Also, would like to ask where we going to submit the testimony about not living together? Is it included in the I-130 or I-485? All thanks.
  8. @cine6964: Hello, thank you for your videos. I’m not sure if you’ll respond, but I would really appreciate it if someone have been working without legal documentation, and now filling out immigration forms. What should he put in the employment history section
  9. @hebatallaramadan2635: Hello dear 
I hope you are doing fine i have a question my joint sponsor filed 2024 tax return on CEAC but got rejected saying that the uploaded contains two documents that must be uploaded separately or you submitted this document  as the wrong document type please delete the uploaded document and submit the document under the correct document type 
We don’t know what went wrong as they accepted the other two uploaded tax return regarding 2023&2022 and we don’t know what this message exactly mean
  10. @OfirilFPV: Thanks for all the guidance- is there a way to I create a video for someone like me that is currently live outside the US and want to start it’s Green Card process? In my situation my wife is American citizen that was born in the US and lived there until age 4 . Is a local US sponsor is mandatory ? Or we can apply regarding the i-864 with my 67,000$ yearly local passion ? I hope you would do some zoom/email consultation
  11. @khanmalik3030: Hi Kseniya I have submitted the i485 form and we live together including our kids. My work permit is expiring In August so should I submit my i485 receipt or letter with a i765 form? Please reply
  12. @Iamalona14: Thank you for another information. I am confused my husband will file my i130 (b2 visa) married with USC, i have my minor child do we need to file for her separate i130 or she under derivative beneficiary? Thank you
  13. @michaelbaidoo12894: You are doing good , my wife lives in the USA and I live in Africa , can you help us with a video how to do the application ?

- If We Live In Different States, Where Do We File For Divorce Based On Residency?: Kind: captions Language: en If we live in different states, where do we file for divorce based on residency? Are you and your spouse living in different states and wondering where to file for divorce? This is a common question that many couples face. Let's break down the residency requirements for filing for divorce when spouses are in different states. When it comes to divorce, each state has its own residency requirements. These rules determine how long a spouse must have lived in a state before they can file for divorce there. Generally, the divorce must be filed in the state where at least one spouse meets that state's residency requirements. Most states requiring a residency period that typically ranges from about 6 weeks to one year. For example, in Nevada, you only need to live there for 6 weeks before filing. On the other hand, New York has a longer requirement, needing up to 1 year of residency. It is important to note that only one spouse needs to meet the residency requirement for the divorce to be filed in that state. This means that if either spouse has lived in a state long enough according to that state's law, the divorce can be filed there. Some states have additional rules. For instance, Texas requires that a spouse must have lived in the state for 6 months and also in the specific county for at least 90 days before filing. This means that if you are considering filing for divorce in Texas, you need to ensure you meet both of these residency requirements. These residency rules are in place to ensure that the court has proper authority to hear the case. They also help prevent what is called forum shopping. This is when a spouse tries to file in a state that has laws more favorable to them without having a real connection to that state. So if you and your spouse live in different states, the spouse who meets the residency requirement in their state can file for divorce there. If neither spouse meets the residency requirement in the other state, then filing cannot occur until those requirements are satisfied. In practical terms, the timing and location of filing depend on where either spouse currently resides and how long they have lived there. Understanding these residency rules is essential for determining the correct jurisdiction for your divorce. This ensures that the divorce is legally valid and recognized by the courts. In summary, remember that divorce is filed in the state where at least one spouse meets that state's residency requirement. Residency periods vary by state, typically between 6 weeks and one year. Only one spouse needs to meet the residency requirement to file and some states may requiring additional county residency. Knowing these details can help you navigate the divorce process more smoothly.

- Have You Ever Wanted To Drop Out Of Capitalism? | Outliers Ep. 1: Kind: captions Language: en it's the point of society is actually to have fun I've had really to struggle and suffer this is a society in which leisure is prioritized absolutely we're here at Twin Oaks which is one of the oldest intentional communities in the United States today there are over 1,000 cooperative living situations registered across the country although to avoid the term commune with its Summer of Love associations they prefer to be called intentional communities here in Louisa County Virginia thanks to lack zonie laws and low taxes a weird little cluster of communes has sprung up in the heart of rural red state America there are seven within an hour of each other each with their own philosophy and vibe apparently the anarchists in acorn throw the best parties Twin Oaks was founded in 1967 by a group that included a tough-minded decidedly unhit pious former secretary named cat Kincaid she and her co-founders were inspired by a science-fiction novel called Walden 2 written by the infamous psychologist BF Skinner it described in a gala terian cooperative society most people found this novel extremely dull and dense but Kincaid and her crew loved it and when they found out no such society existed they created their own we're gonna meet with Keenan Dakota who's lived here the longest of anyone currently at Twin Oaks we're hoping he can tell us a little bit more about how this community functions so everyone specialized their labor to what they want to do what they're most suited to do that's the best thing about our system I like doing construction I like fixing things and so I get to do that Twin Oaks is an income sharing community which is kind of like 100% taxation when you move in you still keep all your assets and debt as your own then once you arrive you work around 40 hours a week both at Twin Oaks and sometimes neighboring communities and in return you get everything food housing health care even a small monthly allowance to spend on things like booze smokes and chalk but there's no boss telling people what to do and when to do it which means certain tougher gigs can sometimes need extra incentives for instance they've recently appointed a tofu morale manager to boost the happiness of the residents who spend their days hauling bags of soybeans Keenan is free to work however and whenever he pleases because the community actually makes good money they generate six hundred thousand dollars a year in profit from what have to be the most stereotypical commune businesses you could imagine tofu and hammocks where do you sell the tofu we sell the tofu to universities and to Whole Foods sort of major buyers yeah apparently Whole Foods is gonna start lowering their prices so worried about that well then we can't sell our tofu for as much so you're not immune to the shocks of the market indeed no for over 30 years residents at Twin Oaks produced every hammock sold in Pier one Imports Kirstie Alley's favorite purveyor of a reasonably priced bedazzled pillows they no longer work with Pier one the demand was too great for their small labor force but they still produce hammocks that go for upwards of a hundred and twenty bucks a pop is the chair shop this is where we once we've milled the wood we put it together and we sand it down we inspect it and did you know how to do any of this before you moved here mm-hmm that's actually what my favorite parts about 20 X is like almost like a trade school it's like you can come here and learn like about like gardening or woodworking or carpentry or animal husbandry or taking care of kids like there's just it's like and--let cooking like an endless list of things that you can learn and get better at and like if you want to take with you back into the world the average stay at Twin Oaks is 10 years and most residents don't seem in a hurry to get back to the real world my parents were you know go to school get good grades get into college get a job and a lot of millennial a lot of people our age in the mainstream like that's what they did all their lives follow somebody else's plan and that was one of the things that I fell in love with the most early on was the basically the lack of hire here and then a lot of jobs up until here that's you know go through your grind and work up the ladder and say all the right things and all that bullshit's it's just a beautiful thing when you're working alongside people and not feeling like you're on this lower rung what is like dating and sex like in that comment um I think there's a lot less focus on monogamy in the comm unit is definitely in the like mainstream which is actually another reason that I want to live here because I think there's a lot of problems with Mogami what about a male perspective when it comes to relationships here they can be very tough you can get into a relationship and then when the relationship ends if it's not on good terms you're stuck with that person they're here and they're ingrained in the life many might start dating your best friend sometimes the pool is exhausted and you're you're just waiting for people to come around see if there's an one clip with admission at Twin Oaks is rolling to join prospective members come for a three-week visiting period and then give the community one month to decide on their application the criteria seems to be mostly if they vibe with the rest of the community or not Twin Oaks isn't looking to fill out some survivalist dream team most people learn all the skills they need to work on Twin Oaks after they arrive Twin Oaks has endured not just because of disciplined work schedules and prudent spending but because of their lucky partnerships with corporate America without Pier one they likely would have died out along with so many other 1960s experiments in communal living the great irony of residents decision to opt out of mainstream capitalism is that they didn't really opt out at all they just participate in a different way in the global war of ideas capitalism is one the other ideas have lost and so what we're wrestling with in our global culture is what brand of capitalism is going to win Twin Oaks runs capitalist business we sell our stuff out of the mainstream market what we are doing is taking the capitalist system and providing more direct immediate control oh isn't that fun [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @VICENews [129 likes]: Watch the next episode of Outliers here - http://bit.ly/2yNbNef
  2. @danielcollins9628 [1 likes]: They say they prioritise leisure but they gotta work forty hours a week lol
  3. @Dr.MarcelineFranco [1 likes]: This place is really problematic. They claim to be "egalitarian" but power dynamic issues run throughout. Preferences to long term members and their children, and discrimination towards BIPOC. Provisional members, and even new members are encouraged to "not speak out" and not ruffle feathers, and could be punished for doing so, especially before receiving full membership status and protection. 

As well the application process for becoming a member is ableist, with discrimination against people on the autism spectrum, and against people with physical disabilities, and mental health conditions. If you check a box for having suicidal ideation in the past year you are not welcome here. While a policy like this can seem logical on the surface, it creates a situation that incentives people not to report their mental health symptomalogy, particularly during their visitor period (3 weeks) and provisional membership (6 months). That amount of time, incentivized to masc, is dangerous, and an extremely short sighted approach to suicide prevention and mental health overall.
  4. @bcrane1 [1 likes]: $600,000 annual revenue is not escaping capitalism
  5. @MusicalLearners: This is one of the most capitalist endeavors I've ever come across online. I'm glad they're getting along, contributing, and paying taxes. However, they have this delusion that they've left society, they've divested, when nothing could be further from the truth. I'm glad they have the internship program; otherwise, I'd bet a lot of young people wouldn't understand that it requires hard work.
  6. @beachbum1523: And now, Pier 1 Imports has become another casualty to unchecked capitalism.
  7. @davfar459: I'm interested in a place where I can just live for free, be close to nature and relax with booze and grass, this place looks like it mandates full-time work involving typical income generating activities rather than work of self sufficient activities.
  8. @beaubreau: Every functional system is built on exchange. Value is created, transferred, and returned in some form. As systems scale, the likelihood of abuse increases; no large system remains fair on trust alone. That is why regulation exists, not to suppress exchange, but to prevent exploitation where incentives break down.

Capitalism is not a self sustaining force. It requires structure to function. Private ownership and capital accumulation generate wealth, but taxation is the mechanism that allows that wealth to be reinvested into shared infrastructure, stability, and enforcement of the rules that keep markets operating. Without regulation and taxation, markets concentrate power, distort competition, and eventually undermine themselves.

Taxes are not separate from capitalism; they are a product of it. Capital must exist before it can be taxed, and taxation only has meaning in a system where private capital is generated. Remove either side of that relationship and the system collapses. 

Used to we would exchange livestock or fabric. Both require work.  You could say there were far more sole proprietors back in the day when we owned our own businesses, grew our own food and exchanged those goods for things we needed. It doesn't get any more capitalistic than that. 

When many people think about capitalism, they focus almost entirely on exploitation. That reaction is understandable, especially given how often exploitation occurs within capitalist systems. But exploitation is not the defining feature of capitalism; it is a failure of constraints, not the mechanism itself. I say this as someone whose friends largely hold that critical view, so I understand where the instinct comes from.

At its core, capitalism is simply the voluntary exchange of goods, labor, or resources under private ownership. That kind of exchange existed long before we had a word for it. Anytime people traded skills, pooled resources, or agreed that effort would be rewarded with ownership or value, the basic structure was already there. Capitalism is not inherently about domination; it is about coordination.

Interestingly, many systems people see as alternatives to capitalism actually rely on the same underlying principles. Communes, cooperatives, and co ops still require ownership structures, agreed upon rules, and a way to allocate resources and responsibility. Shares may not always be framed as stock, but they function the same way. Contribution creates stake; stake creates accountability.

In fact, I plan to start a commune myself with a group of people. Structurally, it looks much closer to a cooperative business than to an anti capitalist experiment. The land and buildings are collectively owned through an LLC, ownership is defined through buy in and shares, and decisions are made by those who have invested labor or capital. That is not a rejection of capitalism; it is a specific implementation of it.

The real distinction is not capitalism versus community. It is whether a system acknowledges incentives, ownership, and human behavior, or pretends those forces can be ignored without consequence.
  9. @mrlongbone2667: Men are there for sex, women are there for control. How is this any different than regular society?
  10. @mrlongbone2667: Why are all of these communities female driven?
  11. @amandamatevosian: 😂 and they might start datibg your best friend ....diabolical 😂
  12. @GreyJedi73: I know 2 people in this video! Not the  featured folk. Haven't seen them in over 10 years. They haven't aged a bit. 😊
  13. @projecteaspl6373: 2:34 "Drop Out Of Capitalism?" ???????
  14. @CorderosaAmada: This is the second time I’ve heard about Twin Oaks in 2 weeks…
  15. @thereckoning5488: Still have to work 40 hours a week. Definitely not living outside of the capitalistic society.
  16. @heatherflood8712: My name is BRIAN KELLY
  17. @heatherflood8712: I have a solid income and would love to live like you all I’m very very handy
  18. @SamWaih: Amazing! Would wonna try this in Africa.
  19. @isaacho8230: So they have just formed a cooperative business with perks essentially. They make $600K profit each year. That’s not doodling out of Capitalism.
  20. @fghghgvh: This is a loop hole for slave labor right? They even have an interview process to make sure you’re obedient enough and hard working.

- Bed rotting: The new Gen-Z self-care trend | Lifestyle News | WION: Kind: captions Language: en has shift our Focus now the question is how much do you like being in your bed all day if you didn't know there's actually a term for it now who would have thought that an activity like this would actually be acknowledged and given its own name it's called bed rotting and though it isn't very pleasant a name it in fact is being touted as a new self-care Trend that's going viral on tick tock it's basically the art of lying in bed for a long time where people do different activities this includes eating binge watching their favorite TV shows just wanting some peace and quiet snacking catching up on TV shows skin care simply doing nothing as I mentioned and it can last anywhere from a few hours to a whole weekend now come to think of it bed rotting actually would appear to be a common activity in this over stimulating relentlessly busy and exhausting world that we live in while gen Z would love being in bed for the entire weekend the older generation now they might not find it very appealing what is actually lying in the bed the entire day a form of self-care while many indulge in this new form of self-care experts beg to differ they say lying in bed is not a healthy coping mechanism for stress burnout or debilitating anxiety so the next time your friends children grandkids are in the bed the entire day you know that there is a name for this new age albeit debatable self-care ritual Beyond is now available in your country download the app now get all the news on the move

  Top Comments:
  1. @LordWalsallian [6 likes]: I’m a millennial and I’ve done this since my teenage years 😂
  2. @FalconTypo6 [5 likes]: So now it's trending to be a POS and lay in bed all day. Awesome. More space outside for those of us who love life. ❤
  3. @ninjanerdstudent6937 [2 likes]: I'm an introvert. After an entire week of being around people, I usually hibernate for a couple of weeks to recharge. This is normal for introverts.
  4. @johnnymfbravo7163 [2 likes]: Gen-Z has finally found something that they're good at.
  5. @johnm.castillo3163 [1 likes]: To be honest, this is  the result of an imbalance of older and younger generations. Everything's so expensive now, and businesses close earlier than ever, and pay employees very little compared to expenses. It's no wonder people lie in bed- there is like nothing to do, literally.
  6. @ninjanerdstudent6937 [1 likes]: I have done this during the current summertime without any knowledge of this concept.
  7. @Cottontailart [1 likes]: This has nothing to do with gen z orrrrr TikTok, this has been around for years, it’s called depression and if ur like me disabled u have no choice, people already know it can effect sleep etc, this is very ignorant to just blame gen z and TikTok especially as those with mental health issues have to wait long waiting times or they can’t afford it.
  8. @BlacknoteStaggerfoot [1 likes]: Hate being grouped into the after 2000 generation, I grew up on all the same shit as my older siblings, 8years difference but raised as if the time was the same, first console was a Dreamcast also had an OG brick Gameboy, these wanna be trap rap kids that have no goals just drugs and women and Fortnite I do not consider to be my generation,worlds apart from whatever tf they on
  9. @LiA-vo8pg [1 likes]: Weve been doing this for years😅😅😅 finally we got a world
  10. @baymax001: The older generation blaming the younger generation is very common throughout history.
  11. @Kunaltwts: Exactly 💯 I am doing the same whole day
  12. @shewho333: Sorry NO. I grew up in the 1970’s and 80’s. Across the street from me was an old farmer named Elmer and his wife Grace. Grace had some mental health problems and I only saw her maybe 5-6 times through my whole childhood. I was there when Elmer explained that she was so sad that she couldn’t really care for herself or get out of bed most days. The times I did see her, she was very sweet and kind and baked lovely blackberry pies and tended her beautiful flower garden. Elmer was a gentle kind man too. 
This isn’t some “new TikTok trend” and for you to describe it as such is absolutely MORONIC. People have been suffering with debilitating depression for all time. Just because the young people are actually taking control of the narrative and actually talking about important things previous generations have hidden isn’t some cutesy thing to make fun of and shame. What is wrong with you???
  13. @ButterflyDivide: This is kinda disgusting.

First of all, it’s not a “trend” it’s called depression. 
Second of all, no, it’s not fun being stuck in bed and wasting your life, rotting away and watching people enjoy theirs with no problems.
Third of all, this isn’t self care, this is genuinely an issue that Gen Z deals with. 

I get you guys think we’re lazy, and I don’t deny some of Gen Z is stupid, but to blame it solely on laziness don’t feel what someone else is feeling is so disgusting. Some people genuinely don’t have friends because they’ve dealt with trauma and don’t know how to mentally handle being around people. Others have severe social anxiety and get agoraphobic. Like, bro, I am happy you are enjoying your life, but some people genuinely can’t. Bed rotting IS NOT a “Tiktok Trend” this wasn’t made up by tiktokers, and it’s not self help. It’s a sign of serious issues, and you cannot compare your mental health with someone else’s because of your generation. This issue has been around for AGES. 

It is so disappointing where you blame everything in Gen Z when past generations entire responsibility was to take care and help future ones. All you guys do is blame us for our issues when amazingly enough, it’s the past that always affects the present. 

I’m so sick and tired of people comparing my Generations problems to your world problems like we didn’t grow up in different time periods and lived different lives you cannot compare. 

Stop mixing laziness with a genuine health concern cause I promise you, NOBODY and I mean NOBODY likes to go through the motions and waste their lives in bed. It SUCKS.
  14. @psychiatry-is-eugenics: You can exercise in bed . Leg lifts and tossing a ball . Also stretching with Pilates bands .
  15. @UncleChud: Safety🦺moms stole  their childhood❕
  16. @MohamedParvez-y3m: Parvez
  17. @Aditya-tx3zc: So that's what I am doing for years
  18. @jacquesehollimon3304: Stinkiy because they don't shower before leaving the house
  19. @zxcvbnmzxcv4244: The experts! :-))
  20. @Sizematters24: 🖕👏😂

- Gold Coast's laid-back lifestyle entices entrepreneurs and investors | ABC NEWS: Kind: captions Language: en Everyone's coming. >> Sharing ideas while soaking up the Gold Coast's natural beauty. These aspiring entrepreneurs are among the next generation of tech superstars. >> Ever since co, there's been a lot of brain drain from the cities. Everyone's coming here and it's a totally different place now. >> Sheila Golf Canyon's company is creating artificial intelligence tools to build spacecraft. She decided to base her business on the Gold Coast in 2023. It's a great place to build a team and it's a great place, I guess, to to get the other resources, right, that you need. With its beautiful beaches and attractions, the Gold Coast is a holiday makaker's hot spot. But now, the tech sector is contributing almost as much to the city's economy as tourism does. >> It's worth about $1.4 billion to the Gold Coast economy. About 9,000 people are employed here in tech sector. The council has worked to cement the city as a tech hub, funding this co-working space and a three-monthlong mentoring and investment program to try to attract more startups. >> And it all culminates in what's called pitch night or demo night where we get to pitch to investors and potential customers, raise some money potentially if that's the path you want to go down, and sort of kick off start building your business. >> These tech innovators have weekly strategy talks while taking in the city's beauty. It's very easy for someone who is chasing a better lifestyle, nice weather, this to to leave a leave a place like Melbourne or Sydney. >> Work life balance leading to big ideas. Julia Andre, ABC News, Gold Coast.

- Multiple Husbands | National Geographic: Kind: captions Language: en it's called polyandry one woman several husbands it's an unusual arrangement today polyamory only persists in isolated villages in the Himalayas when it was time for Sunita Kumari to Wed her family like many in India made arrangements but they involved more than a dowry of celebration Sunita has not one husband not two systems but three all brothers what must their life be like Westerners might find the practice shocking but for this community it works fine one reason sheer practicality in the Himalayas arable land of scarce farms are tiny give each generation divided each family's holdings everyone would starve polyandry preserves the farm and the family's future unlike most men in India husband's here handle domestic duties they're willing to help with the cooking and childcare in fraternal polyandry a family picks a wife for its oldest son the marriage can also include his younger brothers they don't have to join in but most do no one takes a decision regarding one's own marriage everyone at home sits down together and then it is decided with the consent of everyone polyandry also functions as a form of birth control no matter how many husbands she has a wife can get pregnant only so often if each man were to Wed separately the population here would explode but what about sex the forbidden core of a polyandry taboo in truth it's a matter of scheduling and on the wife's part Baris tolerance is very important the wife has to understand everything up submissive be a Cuby the older brothers nature if the younger brothers Nature had taught over kissing what about jealousy that bane of even the most mundane marry if the wife is smart she will take turns each night and sleep with all the brothers it's not like the older brother wants a whole time I thought that we will kneel until recently no one here much cared with the outside world far isolation had preserved a way of life that had withered everywhere else but a road now links the region to distant cities and on roofs once decorated only with prayer flags satellite dishes sprout this village has entered the modern world whose images of romance stand in sharp contrast to polyamory but polyamory here faces a bigger threat education as more people are becoming more educated we are also practicing family planning if a father has only one son there will be no question about the land therefore common marriages will come to an end in two perhaps three generations polyandry may vanish here but for now those who practices find comfort in the familiar that common marriage is very good I feel like everyone should live like our family even if we do not have anything to eat or drink we sit happily we live peacefully

  Top Comments:
  1. @Cleardelune [5 likes]: We should end Patriarchy 🥰🤗
  2. @eScope_i [4 likes]: Who is in October 2025 😂😂😂
  3. @aash4688 [2 likes]: Men loves Polygamy. Similarly Women loves Polyandry 😂😂
  4. @jack7384 [2 likes]: That’s my dream to have a wife and be one of her multiple husbands
  5. @BornFree21 [1 likes]: Shocked westerners are shocked by this, thought it was a western thing.
  6. @valeriewilliams1103 [1 likes]: Even if there's nothing to eat or drink?  You better not run out of anything with 3 husbands.  I wish I could have 3 husbands.
  7. @VikingDoll [1 likes]: All of the ladies are always smiling lol
  8. @arojutoktsang [1 likes]: 18 years later 😂 my YouTube algorithm triggered by Bollywood’s most handsome actor Dharmendra’s death.
  9. @not13180 [1 likes]: Western women cheat more
  10. @asianvloggerrj1855 [1 likes]: 18 years later ❤
  11. @GawharnazHaidari: 😮
  12. @kreeba5220: A Proud wife of multiple husbands. 
Woman power 😊
  13. @Johnherojayhind: 18 yrs
  14. @Katja711974: Wieso muss Bildung gegen dieses System sein?Bildung muss auf die lokalen Gegebenheiten angepasst sein.Diese Gemeinschaft muss das bestimmen und das in den Schulen leben.Wichtig ist einfach,das jedes Individuum zufrieden ist❤
  15. @aixenaixen8106: One day shes gonna be me
  16. @xondeez757: the reasoning behind it makes no sense. if you got no land then just share the house with your brothers with their own wives then share the profits from the farming.
  17. @yesitis1012: This is beautiful 🤩
  18. @Schaepherr: 3:38 good
  19. @RishitaYadav-e5q1d: Hayyy ram chiiiiiiiiii disgusting
  20. @alfars07: حقل الأبحاث الأنثروبولوجية يذكر أن Ethnographic Atlas (أطلس إثنوغرافي لقام بدراسة 1231 مجتمعاً بشرياً) قد صنّف — حسب بياناته من القرن الماضي — أن 4 فقط من هذه المجتمعات مارست نظام Polyandry (أي امرأة لها أكثر من زوج). 

🔍 من هم — أو على الأقل "أشهر" مجتمعات/شعوب — المرتبطون بـ polyandry

رغم أن الأسماء قد تختلف بحسب المصدر، لكن هناك عدد من المجتمعات أو القبائل التي غالباً تُذكر عند الحديث عن polyandry، ومنها:

Tibetans — التبتيون في التبت (أو المناطق الجبلية المجاورة، جبال الهيمالايا) معروف عنهم ممارسة “polyandry” (خاصة “fraternal polyandry” أي أشقاء يتشاركون زوجة). 

Toda — قبيلة في جنوب الهند (Nilgiri Hills) اعتُبرت من الأمثلة الكلاسيكية لـ polyandry. 

Nayar (بعض المراجع تشير إلى بعض أقسام من النّيار في جنوب/غرب الهند) — يُشار أحياناً إلى أنهم مارسوا أنماطاً غير تقليدية من الزواج، بينهما ما قد يُصنف كـ polyandry (أو على الأقل علاقة زوجية متعددة الرجال). 

شعوب/جماعات في جزر بولينيزيا / جنوب المحيط الهادئ — بعض الإشارات في المراجع القديمة تقول إن “جزر المارشال / جزر ماركيساس” (Marquesas Islands) كانت من المناطق التي شوهد فيها polyandry في فترات سابقة. 

⚠️ ما يجب أن تنتبه إليه عند ذكر “4 مجتمعات فقط”

التعداد “4 مجتمعات” من أطلس الإثنوغرافي تعني “مجتمعات موثَّقة في ذلك المسح الكلاسيكي” يتبع معايير صارمة. لكن الأبحاث الحديثة أو المصادر الأنثروبولوجية المتخصصة تشير إلى أن عدد المجتمعات — رسميًا أو غير رسمي — التي مارست أو لا تزال تمارس polyandry ربما أكثر من ذلك. 

“المجتمع” هنا قد يُفهم بمعنى واسع: طائفة، قبيلة، مجموعة إثنية، أو حتى قرية — وليس دولة أو مجموعة كبيرة موحدة.

في كثير من الحالات: polyandry لم يعد يُمارس اليوم كما كان، أو تغيّرت العادات بسبب التحولات الاجتماعية، القوانين، الاقتصاد، أو الهجرة.

إذا تحب — أقدر أحضر لك قائمة مطوّلة (≈ 10–20 مجتمع/قبيلة) حسب دراسات أنثروبولوجية حديثة (من 1900 حتى الآن) — تشمل اسم المجتمع وبلد/منطقة و ما إذا كانوا ما زالوا يمارسون polyandry أو توقفوا. هذا يعطي صورة أوضح من “4 فقط”. تحب أبدأ إعدادها لك الآن؟

- Married to Islamic State: The women Australia doesn't want | Four Corners: Kind: captions Language: en in the back corner of a squalid detention camp in Syria there's a community of Australians with an extraordinary story to tell Missourians have and after me with my son sorry my voice is completely okay it's gone so just tell me how you ended up in Syria it's quite a story 25 year old nesrin Sahab from Sydney was an Islamic state bride her husband's in jail and she's now alone caring for her baby son she's been in Syria for five years did you know you were going into Syria of course not he walks into a war zone I had a whole family I don't think I was doing uni I had everything like I found that was in Sierra did I have a heart attack of course hard to know crying scream and took her feel like a little girl I talked to Lucas and did it work no Zooey's miss Raine is one of 20 Australian women and 44 children held in the ell whole camp they're the women and children Australia doesn't want back there are some women within the group who would pose a significant security threat to our country these are not innocent women who have taken their children into the theater of war most of the children are under the age of five they want to come home my cousin and I wanna go to school tonight on four corners we asked who are these people and how did they get here we investigate the network that led them to Islamic state we expose the Australian Isis leader behind it and we ask whose responsibility are they now like this feeling that one - no no actually broken doing with shadows without broken people really tired Roberto who excited to be just more normality for our kids it's not fair it's not fair for the kids it's not fair for us most of us didn't even come with him I'm not a refugee I have a country like what am i doing my son's honor she G he can easily get paperwork he gets it from me like it's it doesn't make any sense I'm putting myself out there telling come ask all the questions you want oq anyone I have nothing [Music] as night falls on suburban Sydney a group of people get together in a community hall for a secret meeting welcome everyone we've got a couple things to discuss tonight and we'll try and and make it as as productive as possible everyone here has family members detained in the infamous L Hall camp in Syria after years living under Islamic state my sister Anna strains AB and of the rock man they're in the camp in the hole my name is Muhammad Ali and this is my sister Mohammed yeah and we have a sister that's stuck overseas at the moment my name is Zechariah as ahem I'm a father of Nasreen's I have which is she is in a hole I hope that she'll come back to us again yes I wish that I think collectively as a group we don't we don't want a miracle we don't want them just to snap their fingers and just be back into normal life just get him out of that he'll bring him back put itjust detain him here in Australia you know let us know that they're safe then deal with the legalities here it's so vulnerable that yet we can't help them we can't reach out to grab them and help like it's like seeing your relative than your beloved Andriana they should be brought back sooner rather than later and avoid that extra damage that they're gonna be causing them in the camp Kemal debussy is the chief executive of a local migrant support group his daughter Miriam and her three young children have been in our hall for six months and in Syria since late 2015 it's not something I wish upon anyone not knowing where your daughter is not knowing if she's alive or dead actually not even not even having a goodbye not not even knowing exactly what had happened to her why okay if some of them are gonna go to jail when they come home it's far better for them to be imprisoned back here and do work a term of whatever they've been convicted of at least if they come back here and their child at least will be able to go and see them John Crockett's fought for Australia in the Korean War and now volunteers for the RSL his granddaughter Jenai is in the camp with her two-year-old son Wallace a melancholy if that's a word that I might not ever see him again I might never ever see my great-grandson so that really you know it hurts it really hurts see the things that know I might not ever see her again he Anza Hubbs daughter nesrin is also in the camp with her 18 month old boy I want to know why she left and once she ends up this to this and Raqqah life in our life the family life is correct but in the end she's my daughter they know speaking out will bring judgement and attention they've decided it's worth the risk in the hope it will help bring their loved ones home this has been saying that we've been dealing with for four or five years we've done with this privately I've been told to keep it private with the government officials that I've been dealing with and I've not spoken about this publicly before I've not spoken to many people that sort of a very close number of friends it's been a journey where did it begin that's a really hard question to answer because I keep going back over what's happened to trying to make sense of things and where things did begin and where things could have happened and where they could have been different and I really haven't made total sense of all that stuff that took took place as yet Miriam Debussy grew up with her father in Western Sydney I divorced at a relatively young age so when Miriam was in year six is when we divorced when Madame came in to use seven as she came to live with me she was active she was part of the gymnastics school she used to sing in choir at times she loved to make friends wherever she could go and she was very social growing up very social growing up she wasn't the most industrious students I'll say certainly she she gave me some sleepless nights as a parents growing up in her teenage years which I think most parents would relate to in 2011 at the age of 22 Miriam married a young Western Sydney man named Khalid aha she fell pregnant and the couple moved into a granny flat behind the Sahab family's kondal Park home Khalid lived in the shadow of his older brother Mohammed he's older brother's name was Mohammed's hub he was quite a charming person he was very well educated I think that family had seen him as the golden child and I think he exerted a lot of influence over the family by virtue of who he was and educational status he'd received and and the fact that the eldest boy in the family as well Mohammed though I had no enjoyed so my famiiy just loved his kids it's love Don camping fishing just loves his students she was a maths teacher as soon as if she loved him he would have met Muhammad Abdul never they would have never indicated that he would join a group like Isis Muhammad Sahab was to become a senior figure within Islamic state tonight we can reveal that he is at the center of a network that delivered at least a dozen family members into Isis Mohammed zaps an Australian citizen who saw fit to leave Australia go over to Syria and fight with Isis and certainly every indication is that he held a fairly senior or significant position within the ISIS hierarchy and perhaps more importantly he seemed to have had the capacity to bring with him or to arrange for the transport of a large number of people to join him [Applause] Mohamed's ah hub was one of the first Australians to travel to the war zone arriving in late 2012 as Syria was dissolving into chaos he told his family he was in Turkey we heard he went to Turkey to do human Tara night and this is what you know Mohamed's ahaab joined Islamic state as it swept to power in Syria and Iraq became a senior member within the is structure as I was informed in 2016 by the authorities and and he had a fair degree of influence within that structure and influenced other people as a result this was there's a hub family home in Sydney's Condell Park in 2015 two years after Mohammed's a hub went to Syria his parents sold the house and left Australia the money from the sale became central to a secret federal police operation called marksburg in November 2015 federal agents working on marksburg froze more than half a million dollars from the sale of the house alleging it was being used to fund Isis Keshava Qatari Fatuma we don t matter as was a widow whoops or equal hasta min there feller Kuwait eight days after the seizure on the other side of the world Kuwaiti authorities announced that uncovered an Isis arms smuggling Network Kuwait named Mohammed Sahib as a conspirator and said money from the kondal Park House sale had been used by the network it is a serious case of Australian money leaving the country to help a group like Isis obtain very high surfaced a high level of sophistication in weaponry surface-to-air missiles that could really do some damage while operation marksburg was uncovering links to their hubs around the world it also came across something much closer to home marksburg detectives turn their attention to this property just outside the New South Wales town of Yonge after learning of a remarkable Islamic state plot the place is owned by Mohammed's are hubs first cousin Haissam Sahab federal agents kept the house under surveillance for 18 months in what became a major terrorism investigation it culminated in high sansa Hubbs arrests in February 2017 police will allege that the man arrested has sought to advise ISIL on how to develop high-tech weapons capability this highlights the terrorism support for terrorist groups and Islamist extremism is not limited to our major cities we believe he has networks and contacts in ISIL not necessarily just in the conflict zones but in other parts of the world as well and he's been relying on them to pass this information images recovered from a computer and phones owned by Haissam Sahab reveal he was designing a missile warning system he sent a 288 page report on his research to Isis then he began designing rockets he used computer software and handwritten notes to design his deadly weapons hi Sansa had pleaded guilty to providing support to a terrorist organization and was jailed for nine years the person has been convicted has appears to have had similar thoughts and aspirations to Mohammed said he was convicted of assisting Isis or trying to assist Isis and of trying to hinder the Australian Federal Police from doing their job by denying them access to his pass codes and so on that's certainly something that you would expect muhammad's I have to have approved off in Syria Mohammed Sahab was rising up the ranks within Islamic state we now know his network was responsible for more than half of the Australian women now stranded in I'm really angry as an older brother for my brother law for putting my life and my sister's life in danger and the kids and there was nothing that we did he's encouraging and sent people to go there for someone they don't know where they going to me like I think he has done the worst things that ever no I don't forgive that I don't I don't forgive him for that I think it's it's difficult to believe that people who are in that environment have no knowledge of what's going on around them of the slavery of the sexual exploitation of the violence of the murders and simply the environment that's going on around them he cannot say I didn't know anything that was going on I do understand there are a number of people who probably have a legitimate case of saying they weren't really aware of what they were getting into but I think there's also quite a large number who didn't know exactly what they were walking into and now we're happy to do it they went there willingly these women that we are dealing with I have all been duped and they are victims of this process as well maryam included and the other women as well they were trafficked their role was to be seen as child carers bearers of the children and they were taken for this purpose what do you do when you have a 19 year old woman who in four years had four children or an 18 year old woman who had three children and three years 24 year old woman that's been married three times one after the other they were they are victims of the situation soon we'll be there it's two weeks after the meeting in suburban Sydney and Kemal debussy is on his way to the alcohol camp in Syria where his daughter and her three children are being held traveling with him is he am Sahab whose daughter nesrin and her baby son are also in the camp that's the campaign you can see really clearly now Miriam and Nasreen arrived at the camp office where their visitors are waiting this is he Anne's daughter miss ring and this is Kumar's daughter Marion Kemal and he M a meeting most of their grandchildren for the first time in the camp the women are forced to wear the full face veil but nesrin and Mariam have decided to take the risk of removing it to tell their stories I'm Nasreen's have and me with my son sorry my voice is completely so just tell me how you ended up in Syria it's quite a story so I think I was 21 I think not so anyone last time I thought my mom actually was to anyone and Lebanon and us on the holiday it was going to week's nesrin says she and her female cousins snuck away from their families to help deliver food aid to refugees on the Turkish side of the Syrian border did you know you were going into Syria of course not he walks into a war zone I was going to say Syrians yes because of what they going through another type that because I believe I had a whole family I don't think I was doing uni I had everything if anything my mother packed my bag was my thing I wasn't planning me I was only coming back listen to me little thing where you guys see them you did something to make yourself feel better they hope these Syrians and you come back you know me to go become the Syrian in Syria nesrin says she and her cousin were taken to a house near the border when they asked me for my possible that country well then my cousins like maybe it's just for paperwork like maybe we actually have to get to an area any paperwork for that like she's freaking out with me but she tried to reassure me cause she knows I'd have never ever want to do this and I want to do humanitarian aid like but like I like to leave it in things like ok we'll do this and that's it I didn't push further so when asked my passport I freaked out of course and when they took my phone I don't have like well I didn't realize into like I was there until I seen a flag the next morning when they had moved us from that house to another house he just got smashed just Houston then you realize me a flag no no one tells you where you are you just see it what was the flag the flag was like I found that was in ceará did I have a heart attack of course I'll take did I cry and scream and took her feel like a little girl I took the big essential did it work no sweets nesrin and her cousin were put in a house for unmarried women it's just a house full of women you walk in and they get this metal detector and I'm just I'm walking in like what the hell is happening and this lady just America sexy and then you have these other ladies screaming at you cause he uncovered like this and yeah she pretty much been addicted me then I just a my thing is I go into shock so I just go quiet and I just you don't know what to do you go numb so I'm just waiting like okay what happens now and then they ask you you married and I'm like okay and that's that's freaked out even more cuz I never once get you know knows anything about me is never gonna get married my mom always always like grass to get you married and you have to buy these feeling no don't talk to me I'm never getting married that was me was very dramatic about nesrin was told she would have to choose a husband before she could leave they just wanted to get married say listen to me what do you mean they send you they come to a room with a proposal and then say okay there's this guy his name is this is this is from this area and he's tall don't wanna tall husband I'm like yeah I don't want guy me like no stealing no no no he has to be Australian yes we like me you're like ninny you're gonna make your semen so I went to this meeting with him you say what you're brought into a room with it yeah you did these fundaments XE with his wife and this other lady takes you and he walks in the man walks in and then you see he sits and then they begin to ask you questions and because I was like my daddy's little girl and I spoil and never ever expect to be in Syria so this guy sits and he thinks he's like something big and he goes to me don't think you're gonna be treated like a princess anymore look well I don't even know your face dunno what that is no like got really defensive my guys four brothers and a dad and his fandom medicine I'm not gonna be a princess I am a princess after she rejected the first proposal nesrin x' cousin Mohamed's are hubs found her a husband and that's when I found out my cousin was there because he came to my rescue and he said mr. Neal never gets good say was that's when I found them all was it so what did Muhammad did it turns out that you turn up in Syria the word gets around to all the men that to Australia Lebanese girls came and that's like a big thing for Lebanese I don't know why something about being Lebanese is big so the wedding around and then I'm gonna see my family I contacted him asking about say put two and two together and that it was me there so he couldn't come see me nan could come see me but he sent me someone to see me you know make sense the man Muhammad's are hubs sent to her was an australian-born Islamic state fighter named amid murky in your own house what was life like normal completely you wake up to breakfast you make lunch you have to know and you go to sleep if you're not ready wait for moms well in the beginning was really good there's no more normal whole life you get to know this new guy and then it's lonely fall in love and then you just laugh just goes on you're forced to leave something so you just make the most of it you talk to your parents and you can't tell them anything because if you do then you're in trouble you put him at risk before your is from both ends I made Murr he was reported to have called on Australian Muslims to undertake suicide attacks he's now in an Iraqi Jail after being sentenced to death for his role with Islamic state my name is named Avicii I have three children names I huh hot in the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so how did you end up here a long story short basically I was tricked into coming to Syria by my husband how did that happen it started off as an only holiday my husband's actually never had met my husband had never left the country at the time so he's the first time he ever agreed to take me overseas so we had a really nice holiday plan we went to Malaysia which is why we went sledding on Mary and Debussy traveled to Syria in late 2015 with her husband Khalid the brother of Mohammed's our hub and other members of there's a hub family I know that he mom and dad actually facilitated the route for college and he made him convince him make him believe that this was the right thing to do and the right place for his family to me she says she didn't know they were crossing into Syria until it was too late there was a lot of people there and there was there was a man there I remember the man and he started telling us run before they shoot run before they started shooting and we didn't know what was going on and this is all maybe in his face for one minute please happen so he just started telling me run we'll talk later run just run we'll talk later and all I can see in ahead of me is my daughter in mine my brother-in-law going with my husband and I'm just looking around and then we had some hearing gunshots yeah I looked around do you what am I gonna do I'm in the middle of nowhere I never know where I am there's gunshots I just I just thought of running I didn't know exactly what it was I don't know we then ran through there was another car where everyone stopped I know where I was I know where I was going it was through there was gunshots OU's basically over just running for life and I didn't know where my husband was just calling my mother-in-law lost her at the time I didn't know where anyone was Marian's mother-in-law and her 18 month old daughter Asha were taken to an Islamic state house oh my gosh gonna go when I'm into that house and I saw a flag I saw a flag then I sort of bounced around some women this fake very broken I didn't feel sort of surprised I didn't know what was going on some of them left to me within three months Khaled was killed in an airstrike while training as an Islamic state fighter he got killed by a plane strike my plane strike I I'd like to say I'd like to say was the hardest time on that was very very big hard thing but everything that happened after it was just morning so from the beginning the first shock of entering and being in serial you think that would be the biggest thing but every event that happened after that only got harder and harder Mariam was forced to remarried twice after coloureds death by this time Islamic state was under steady attack by coalition forces what was life like living under Islamic state the field was always actually here go to the point where you'd be sitting down and you can just imagine a wall caving in remind you how to close my eyes and I can see a wall for me Rick's playing it slow coming the room just wait oh yeah just wait for glass to fly but that's how it just lifts you up to here follows means trying to live a normal life my friends you know we would try to find Big Mac recipes we just really will be really with between the women we really just had to replicate as much as we could home so we're just into trying to find something decent to we're trying to cook clean bathroom that you spend the knife what's Muslim what's the most fun how do you spend more Sun look you know when you get nervous and your stomach starts to hurt so we spend the night we hear a plane we conquer these rails but you're afraid to move okay this is how I spent the last four years in the daytime like you know how the human nature has to forget and move on with life so we just tried to pretend oh and all tried to make new backpackers I'll make chicken nuggets try to find soy sauce or a replicant is something tried to make Asian food and then the rest of the time was living in late 2017 nesrin and her husband tried to leave Syria but were caught that was when her husband was taken by US forces to Iraq and sentenced to death Nasreen was sent back to the rapidly dwindling area controlled by Islamic state now the University of wonderful so I can the baby with me support and then they like everyone hasn't cried to fall back on thank you need water your husband gets to you you need your husband gets it for you oh he'll figure someone out to get a for you when you buy yourself if you have a baby for you like you can and being a first-time mom and I waited so long to get pregnant so when I finally got pregnant was like it really do for me and then he did it me is that my son's 18 months no probably never means that to me and then coming back into a war zone with you the guilt was really bad like you know like it's time to feed your son four months old anyone give me like you know a bit of splits and there's nothing unique what are you gonna feed you but not now dream on you better give him a Connery there's no forgot it's nothing and he'd always get really sick it was running around medicine now give me and you don't know poke you with a needle watch to get everything out like I don't need these people it is really a house going back of the beam and we owe is hard just something I don't like Miriam and nesrin were in Islamic States last Syrian stronghold Baku's when it fell in front of my own eyes three people were shot in one day a five year old girl that's all my community was shot okay my sister-in-law's sister was shot in the chest and and yeah and somebody and my other my other friends and this is all in one day okay and then you have Helens dropping on you and then you have the ac-130 the kind even it's been explained to you that sounds that sound yeah we had when I left about was for a month straight I could hear the sound of bullets still oh yeah I'm walking around doing like this glassy people can you hear this can you hear this I'm hearing bullets I'm thinking it's a bird making a noise that's looking at me like I'm a freak until I can hear bullets until I got into this camp one home and I'm hearing bullets in my sleep I still he I still see I feel the pressure yeah the pressure of a bump I don't think anyone can ever understand the sound of the Russian barrel boom no one next no one nice I just running not running actually when you hear that someone is shooting at you a couple of hundred meters away and I could feel the pressure of the bullet flying past me I have no inner height there's nowhere for you and your kids I I do not know how we go out in one piece it was ridiculous and all for what there was no other way out anyway there was no way out any way for anybody and you just look up my I don't even know how you do the day I don't know how ability Miriam and nesrin live in L halls Australian section they're bringing Kemal and he M to see the rest of the women and children for yam it's also a family reunion she's related to many of the women here special hugging that keeps them nice of Australia these are the Australian women and children who lived under Islamic state 11 of the 16 women in this tent and most of the children are related to Mohammed Sahib by blood or marriage this is Muhammad's Ahab's mother Amina it's been four years since she left Australia after her son we are parents of we're clueless parents we had a lot of trust in our children a lot of trust we didn't have too much things in life as we raised our children and we just took the children will a life I feel very angry I felt very devastated thank God and this is Muhammad's Ahab's wife Miriam Brad who was taken to Syria by her husband in 2014 and is now left alone with their four children your husband brought you into a war and you're now here how do you feel toward your husband you've gone now and I actually don't have any more emotions to express to anyone let's be honest I just like everyone we're just being a man wet like no emotion listen I would say probably I was I'm angry you said he's you said he's gone now yeah what do you mean can I ask how did he die where did he die he got killed by a plane strike four corners has learned Muhammad Sahab was killed in a targeted airstrike against senior is leaders are you angry at him for the role he played of course you should ask me at the time that it happened of course right before the claim with Mohammed's aha did and the other men also killed or in jail these women are left stranded unsure if they'll ever be allowed home the Australian Government has just passed a law that may prevent these women from returning home for up to two years hence you don't even have a door we have no idea what we're gonna do I just want to know why we're at danger district what what have you done to be a danger to stranger most of us would trick bail has lots of ladies here tricked by their husbands tricked by the kids Shamer Assad was 15 when she entered Syria she's now 19 and has four children she six use crime because of how angry she was but they don't care they don't have feelings my son gets sick every two weeks my son gets see but there's no miracles black one here there's no treatment for him my son has had diarrhea for two years I can't fool that train him I can't I changed his nappy up to 12 times a day six times at night constant diarrhea diarrhea diarrhea diarrhea stopping definitely I know he's on the weak his burns his stomach his burned his high school and if he falls out of him in this one everything's big on him he was three months old clothes there are 44 Australian children living in the camp Mesa is one of them Kemal and PM are returning to Australia they don't know when they'll see their families again I can't stay in this temp I can't belly fill my understanding the line to fool the world I can't Terri 25 liters i I can't barely get myself together enough to be able to cook on the floor okay you have the the kerosene burner the one gust of wind and the whole techno on fire you have to stand on the line and fight a fight and fight and fight and I don't have any meat supply understand you don't understand the concept of a line you get pushed around if you don't screaming you can't fight and you don't want to best people and you might get water it's really hot I can't see since I cut means I'm not I'm not know me Felice I'm not a fighter I'm not even aggressive and then we're really aggressive people here I for the sake of my kids how bad to you you know what drain I don't wanna they've taken away from us the contents of a drain my daughter uses a plastic baggie to go to the toilet okay we use plastic bags okay I'm finished I'm done I'm broke and I read you so much I can't anymore good I have so much to get out I'm just numb I can't I'm a wreck are you nervous Rick I need my dad don't know what my god I want to give my kids Mitchell they only use my newest environment you told me I was threat look I'm trying to get away from the threat I've had enough oh the community thinks we're a threat but really I just expressed my face he's gonna be followed in the street now he was gonna be threatening me oh my kids his name is up oh then you just me so I'm gonna be like would I really would I really put myself at threat wouldn't I hide it not even say who I was I'm putting myself out there and telling come on all the questions you want I'll give you answers you want I have nothing to hide I understand they have their laws then I'll buy them like go for it but I did nothing wrong and I'm not doing anything wrong and I don't plan to do anything wrong I shouldn't go

  Top Comments:
  1. @murrayvidler8597 [361 likes]: they all talk of pity for their family members but never anything about the victims of ISIS
  2. @zero-vi2uz [227 likes]: I have no sympathy for them. They rotting in their own self made hell.
  3. @isabellavalencia8026 [103 likes]: They chose to go...let them face the consequences.
  4. @donnamadden380 [101 likes]: I don't feel sorry for these women
  5. @yenovkpashalian2863 [65 likes]: honestly  I don't give a damn  about these women.they had a choice  but they choose  very poorly.its on them.please don't say  we are humans we make mistakes.we all do but not one you did.may Allah  or Mohamed' helpyou
  6. @paulabrown4050 [48 likes]: At least help those kids
  7. @pollyannaprinciple5860 [47 likes]: I wouldn't want my children to suffer through this. I would probably put my children up for adoption to a nice Australian couple that do not support the IS caliphate.
  8. @MauryComoLake [44 likes]: Very difficult situation ...these ladies choosen to be part to the Islamic state and married men who are fighters now they want to come back to the safe and democratic  state their Islamic state was fighting and describing as a Hell ...now they want their rights recognized ..sorry for the kids but I can really understand  the Australian government in not willing to host orthodox  Islamist  because there is no integration possible  in a western culture and avoid social and cultural problems amoung the Australian state
....more and less this is
  9. @cjbrookes-gain64 [36 likes]: always the innocent  kids who suffer in the end......
as for the women, they were beguiled......

until reality kicks in.....
  10. @Luffybgmix [35 likes]: I have no sympathy for these woman their man whom they followed killed more innocent people
  11. @esmatkhan9853 [32 likes]: They deserve it let them be there,... they are Satan people..
  12. @dolphinsportsclubmirzabhag1820 [30 likes]: These women have lots of experiences. They should write books and share their experiences. That will be good for both Australia and them as well. They have chosen that path so they should embrace it without regrets.
  13. @adamyvr6884 [29 likes]: They shouldn't do these interviews, tbh.  It is so obvious even from the comments that people watch this, grow apathetic and complacent, and mock them.  I, for one, will never mock someone in a less fortunate situation than me.  

We should all be a little kinder to one another, and focus on the real terrorists that we have right here, in our homeland, in office.
  14. @lindabederio4603 [27 likes]: How did one of the young mothers have a baby with blonde hair and blue eyes??
  15. @veraserebrennikova5452 [25 likes]: We line in a tent what about the people who’s homes u came and took over
  16. @lindabederio4603 [20 likes]: I, too, feel for these people......especially the young women and children who did not choose this life.  Islamic men chose it for them.  Have these women been convicted of any crimes?  As far as I can tell NO, ABSOLUTELY NOT.   THEY DESERVE TRIAL BY JURY AT THE VERY LEAST.
  17. @apskalleapa [17 likes]: Why have so many children? If I was stuck in that camp I wouldn't choose to reproduce.
  18. @ritariri2339 [13 likes]: The government needs to do something to help these girls and kids
  19. @dariopolanco8299 [10 likes]: That's horrible
  20. @MauryComoLake [5 likes]: Terrifying

- A day in the life of a Dual Pediatrics Resident at Nationwide Children's Hospital: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] The first thing that we do is hand over the patients from the night team to the day team. The entire team comes together, the interns and the residents and the med students and um participate in discussing each patient, any events that happened overnight and updating the day team. Rounds begin after we are done um kind of updating and preparing for the morning. Typically the med student or the intern does a presentation on the patient. If it's a new patient and they're new to the team, they'll go through their their history and what brought them in. Um if it's a patient we already are familiar with and it's not our first day rounding on them. They'll give us updates on um any events that happened overnight and any changes in their clinical status. Uh then we discuss kind of the plan for the day and we put in the orders while we're on rounds and then we move forward. In the inpatient setting, the residents see a wide variety of chronic care kids and high acuity patients uh that require frequently multiple visits and we get to know those patients pretty well. We also see a wide variety of general pediatrics and generally healthy kids that are in for kind of short-term hospitalization. So, it's a nice variety. Typically a second or a thirdyear resident presents a case and then the med students, the interns and the residents all proceed um and participate in kind of asking questions and investigating the case and then we reach kind of a discussion and a conclusion. We try to vary the topics uh from general pediatrics content and curriculum that they need to learn and pertinent information and pertinent things that they need to know at their level particularly related to the rounds that we're or the team service that we're on. We have lectures that are resident driven. We have lectures that are you typically attending driven and then we get together and do have opportunity to practice OMT. The clinic takes place at an offsite center and the patients are generally um pretty healthy kids uh and we do a lot of their primary care and there's a big focus towards continuity of care. Our day concludes with the handing off of patients to the night team and we transition care and update them on plan changes and events that happen throughout the day.

  Top Comments:
  1. @didleyjoseph3771 [9 likes]: that's my dream
  2. @m_surgeon4628 [3 likes]: I want that
  3. @dryahya8781: Thanks to my teame when see you, good trining
  4. @fiainterpreting8437: We specialize in Video Remote Interpreting (VRI) services, our system is very user friendly and will work on any device! No scheduling is required and you only pay per minute as you use our services. We have a large pool of interpreters for more than 60 different languages, including American Sign Language. We have the most affordable rates in the whole industry. Visit us now at https://www.frederickinterpreting.com!

- A Day in the Life of an Urban Resident: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] urban birmingham has a unique history the more i've learned about it the more i've been amazed i think a lot of our neighbors have so much to offer us in terms of perspective it's been a unique opportunity for us to get to step in and feel like we have something even if it's something small as healthcare to offer all family medicine programs should train you appropriately but the things that happen outside of clinic things happen outside of that training i think is really what sets cahaba apart the cahaba family medicine residency is unique it's not a residency that simply starts and stops in the clinic or in the hospital if you're trying to grow as like a stronger believer a more faithful disciple to christ i think cahaba is definitely a place you're going to be set up for a great platform to do that i think right the foundation of why we're all here is medicine and to learn medicine and to grow in our ability to be doctors the emphasis that cahaba puts on growing you as mom as a dad as a husband as a wife as a friend as a neighbor i've really felt empowered to do that here in residency there's tons of variety within the day-to-day it's this big mixture of different rotations i think express what a family medicine doctors is supposed to be that breadth and depth of patients is really great it really has that family medicine feel of taking care of people from birth until end of life i really am someone's doctor my clinic experience has been awesome like i have a really good mix of ob and women's health as well as a ton of uninsured patients which is such a gift to be able to care for that population at most clinics it's just not financially feasible but here at cahaba with our fqhc model i'm meeting everyone where they are and giving them the same kind of love and care that we'd give someone with private insurance in any given day like i'll have these crazy what i call family medicine days where i'll like deliver a baby and then do a paracentesis these really different things that you're doing all in the same day because of this longitudinal curriculum and you like sit back like wow like i did like the full span of family medicine today it's really trying to get at the diversity of what family medicine can be and i guess what we think it should be to just get in those rhythms of being family medicine doctors that do a lot of different things most days having a spiritual community in place like at clinic where we're encouraged to pray with patients i think that's something that really sets us apart it's allowed me to grow in huge ways in my relationship with god my work and my family and my neighborhood and my church all get to line up as one in every part of my day i really get to be on mission for the lord i think the urban track is really unique because you're living in and among your neighbors and so that is a really awesome way to get to minister to people us living in this community has almost been more transformative than being a resident i think it's really grown my ability to empathize with my patients kind of meet them at the heart level of what life looks like for them there's this community within each other that's real and it's not always easy but it's it's real that's what we're striving for because of that we're able to to serve we live across the street from most of our friends we're a really tight-knit community it easily translates to like hey let's get dinner you know after clinic today and we can kind of follow up on whatever's going on in life residency is hard and i don't think you could really get through it without the community around you you

- Living In One State While Working In Another State - Will You Be Double-Taxed?!: Kind: captions Language: en What's going on guys? Alex here and today I'm going to talk about a question that I commonly get about living in one state and working in another. And that question is will I be double taxed on the income that I earn at the state level? It's a great question and the answer is for the most part no you will not be double taxed in many cases but there are some cases where that can be applicable. So let's back up a little bit. Let's try to understand what we're talking about and go from there. So, let's say you live in the sunshine state. You live in California, right? But your employer who pays you through a W2 has you working out of New York, right? So, you reside in California, but for temporary purposes, just for work rellated trips, you go to New York and you earn income in New York. Now, California wants to tax your income because you're a resident. California taxes worldwide income. So they're saying all that income, we're taxing it. But at the same time, since you're working in New York, New York is also saying, "Hey, you're working in New York, we're going to tax that income." And the question then becomes, well, what happens, right? So California's taxing it, New York is taxing it. How do you reconcile all this goodness? So I put together a sample scenario to let you see the mechanics of how all of this can play out. Now, let's take a look at this example, and you'll see in a second tax software. So, what we did in this situation is we basically put together a return for a taxpayer who lives in California, who resides in California, but they work in New York for temporary purposes throughout the year. And I'm going to show you both the New York return and the California return. Get an idea of how this is all playing out. So, for purposes of the income, quite simply, we're looking at $100,000 that this person earned. Let's say they spent the year in New York, uh, going kind of back and forth, but this $100,000 was earned during those times in New York. Now, we want to be careful that we don't establish residency in New York because if it is a situation that you're spending the majority of your time there and essentially New York is your kind of central hub, there could be a residency issue there, which which is a whole separate concept. But in this case, let's just assume that your residence is indeed California and you're a non-resident of New York for the entire year. That doesn't mean you didn't stay there, but that just means you didn't live in New York throughout the year. So with that said, this 100,000 is all applicable to New York. We have the withholdings also applicable at the state level. So let's say there was $5,458 withheld for New York purposes by the state of New York. And that's how this scenario is going to play out. So let's say you come back to California, it's time to file your tax returns. How's this all going to come together? Let's take a look. All right. So on the form 1040, we see that there's 100,000 in income. Nothing too crazy there. That's what we discussed. We're kind of keeping this simple. We're eliminating all the other factors in the scenario, just focusing on this particular point. Let's look at the New York tax return. So, here we have a non-resident party year resident income tax return. In this case, we're assuming non-resident since you did not live there throughout the year. And looking through this return here, we can see that there's some allocation of the income. It's all allocated to New York. So, we don't really have to worry about that. In this scenario, we're assuming that 100,000 was all earned there in the state of New York. And as we look through the return here, we see total New York state taxes of 54.58. And we're done. We were taxed in New York. We paid that tax. What happens on the California return? Let's take a look. Now, going to the California form 540. We take a look here. We see the 100,000 in income is also represented because California taxes worldwide income. Since you're a resident of California, they take that $100,000 into account as well. And kind of working through the return here, we see that the tax calculated is $6,50. There's the exemption credit of 122 that California gives. So that's fine. So we subtract that out. We get 59.28 as the total California income tax. And as we go down to the credits section of form 540, we see that there is a credit for other state taxes and code 187. That's just how you notate it on this form. But this number should look familiar. 5458. All right. And we can see that that's being subtracted out of the total tax liability. And what we're left with at the California level is total tax of 470. So what's happening is that the income was indeed taxed in New York and you pay taxes on that to New York at the state level. What California is doing is giving you a credit for that tax. So the California tax as we saw was 6,50 5928 if you take out the exemption and then we take out the taxes you paid to the state of New York to get the net California tax. So essentially you're getting a credit for the taxes paid to that other state. and California is allowing you to reduce dollar fordoll the state tax liability in California based on the credit that you're getting for those out of state taxes. So this is a very simple example. It can get a little bit more convoluted than this, but essentially this is the mechanics at work when you have income that you earned outside of the state in which you reside. And it's interesting because New York is a high tax state, but what can happen is if you're in a state that has a very low income tax, then you may still get the credit for the taxes you paid to that state in California, but at the same time, there's still going to be a lot of California tax that's going to be applicable. Very well be that the state tax credit paid to the other state was 200 bucks and you still have a significant tax liability. But here's where you'd look to see if you're getting credit for the taxes paid to that other state on the California resident return or wherever you happen to reside. And I mentioned at the very beginning, this does not apply in all situations. The reason I mentioned that is because some states do not allow such a credit depending on which state you reside in and which state you work in. And sometimes you may end up being double taxed depending on the state in which you live versus the state in which you work. Sometimes they don't play nice with each other. And if you look at the instructions to these forms, you'll see that some states say, "Ah, we'll give you a credit for these states, but we will not give you a credit for these states." So, believe it or not, it gets pretty petty at the state level as far as where you can and and and cannot get a credit for taxes paid to different states. So the point is in a good amount of situations you will not be double taxed because of this dynamic of one state giving you credit for taxes paid to a different state. And it may work out that you get a credit by your home state for taxes paid to the other state, but it can be the opposite as well in that the other state will give you a credit for taxes paid to your home state. So either scenario is meant to avoid double taxation. But just keep in mind that you may very well end up in a situation where at the state level you're taxed on both sides being the state in which you reside and the state in which you work because they're not playing nice by applying credits respectively. All right. So hopefully this video gave you some understanding of the mechanics of state tax credits and the fact that double taxation is generally not applicable at the state level, but it can be in certain circumstances. And if this was helpful, feel free to hit that like button, leave a comment, subscribe to the channel, hit that bell icon to be notified of future videos because there will be more. And aside from that, as always, hopefully this was helpful. Thanks for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TeresaYen-e6v [98 likes]: I just started a remote job based in New Jersey, but I still live in Pennsylvania. Now I’m panicking am I about to get taxed twice?
  2. @morganmiller376 [1 likes]: And here is my issue with that situation: you forced to pay taxes in New York because you live in New York, but you can’t vote in New York. Taxation without representation at its finest.
  3. @alexandermcnevin9428 [1 likes]: Thanks, very helpful!
  4. @Ash-b7q3g [1 likes]: Yes.  you will get taxed by both states.  My W2 tells me so.
  5. @doublevision84 [1 likes]: How does that work though because I generally get money refunded from the state based on how much I payed to the state. If a tax credit is done, that means I get less of a refund because the other state gets their money and  my state deducts that as a credit but I get less money in a refund but I still paid that amount to the state for that year.. so am I paying less of my state taxes through out the year if I'm paying another states tax?
  6. @jasonk305 [1 likes]: Newer EA here. Thanks for explaining!
  7. @djslife7082 [1 likes]: Thanks so much
  8. @CaliforniaKatha: I'm a student from F1 Visa from a californian university working as a summer intern in a different state.
Im being charged state tax of the state I am currently interning in, and California State Tax as well.
Should I be waived from CA State Tax? or should I be paying both state taxes?
  9. @ependers_13: What if you paid income tax in the state you work in, but pay property tax in the state you live in? The tax credit for my property tax wouldn’t cover my entire resident state tax liability but I over paid in the state I work in. How would I fill that out correctly on these forms?
  10. @zscorpio: How long it takes to become a resident of a different state if you move. Can you be a resident of two states?
  11. @sergiocrunch2720: what if its flipped for me? I lived in CA for part of the year but ive been in NY for 8 month
  12. @dangvideo: Does New York City also tax NY wages and require a NYC tax return to be filed  for
A non-resident?
  13. @brandonmitchell9505: abolish income taxes
  14. @reuben2264: Hello sir if I live in Va and work in NC and I make 80k a year, how much will I be tax that the end of the year pls
  15. @DocommaDo: Answer some questions in the comments
  16. @ToniZ2010: Mr. Efros is very helpful.  If Delaware States part of the nice state?  I was hired by a company in Delaware during pandemic when I lived in Michigan. And I was told to work from home during pandemic ( Feb 2021 ~ Aug 2022). But there were state tax withheld for both states in my payroll and record of W2 forms during this time. Question: Am I eligible to file for a refund of the Delaware state taxes that were withheld while I was working remotely from Michigan., since I physically worked and lived in Michigan during that time and did not perform any work in Delaware (had no Delaware-sourced income during those periods). Really appreciate it if anyone can please help answer. Thank you.
  17. @WuskiPlayzz: What if you live and work in one state and also work in a neighboring state ? Do you still have to pay for not being a resident
  18. @Immigrantbountyhunter: The government is such a complete scam. The American people are just flat out fools letting this slide. Like hey let me take a large portion of your money and later at the end of the year I’ll give it back after some time 🤦‍♂️ Not to mention your money is already taxed like 5 times.
  19. @LibertyGunsBeerTits: I have a question, so Nevada has no state income tax and say if I lived in Reno, NV but worked in Sacramento, CA would I still get taxed by CA or would residency in NV help me out?
  20. @killerraseru25: Jersey and pa

- A Day in the Life in the Johns Hopkins Emergency Medicine Residency Program: Kind: captions Language: en Alarm Music Ambient Hey Doctor Eagan. Lower abdominal pain. I was wondering if you come take a look at him? Yeah, lets go! Knock. Knock. Knock. Mr. Smith Hello, Mrs Blue Hi, I'm Doctor Hammond. How are you? Hi, Doctor Hammond. I'm feeling a little bit of stomach pain. Bilateral breath sounds; they're weak though. Ok, restarting Many of our residents actually start their FAST projects in their second year. Global and health administration together. They do austere and ultrasound together. Any body do Derm recently? Hey! What's going on? Door opening Car horn beep

  Top Comments:
  1. @lauraw4169 [2 likes]: My childhood next door neighbor/“sister” is one of the attendings in this video. I haven’t seen her in years, though our mothers are still see each other frequently, but as an RN for 20 years, it’s so awesome to see her in action because I understand how hard her work is. I remember her before she became a doctor, when she had Top Gun posters on her walls and was going to be a fighter pilot, lol! I had many a good time with you growing up Leah! Your house and your family felt like an extension of my own! ~ Laura
  2. @JJ1537-s9q [1 likes]: There is NO work-life balance. What they show opening doors to the restaurant is actually BS!!!!!!!!! You are either studying all the time or you are at work...
  3. @karenperetz5643: My dream.
  4. @hweta6607: 🤗⭐️💟🤗
  5. @Tom-t5n: I will get here, no matter what
  6. @andrewkasonde5981: The dream!
  7. @benogden3423: Hall Eric Walker Kevin Jones Steven
  8. @mishamaisuradze1582: 👍
  9. @solslastcannula5665: At the age of 39, can I do this?
  10. @pocchacho: I’ve always wanted to be a doctor since i was 15 and was lucky enough to get into a diploma of my choice (biomedical science) and from there i want to go to med school and pursue medicine. Coming here to seek motivation ☺️
  11. @corum7503: 📍Bauer College of Business
📍Marshall College of Business
📍Mendoza College of Business
📍Lundquist College of Business
📍Hankamer College of Business
📍Booth College of Business
  12. @facebook36: Don't do Emergency Medicine.
Burn out is crazy high.
Everybody in the hospital hates them.
Really have no real skill sets to manage anything.
They order scans, broad set of labs, different belly/headache cocktails and just consult everyone cause they don't know what to do after.
  13. @bostoncityofchampions6581: I made great grades but I couldn't get into Medical School because I don't drink a thermos of coffee every hour.
  14. @fionaokeefe1906: She woke up at 10am🤨she’s not a resident that woman was a doctor I thought she looked a little older to be a resident! Who looks after her son while she’s gone to the hospital? I know this is a promotional video but they could at least act like it’s real! She didn’t brush her teeth shower or nothing just rose out of bed put on her lab coat and clothes and headed out to work smelling like a sewer! I just can’t with these hospital promos!
  15. @anikm510: At age 30 No girlfriend, no wife, as a single male, studying engineering in a world reputed college , for a moment I stopped and thinking I wanted to become a Doctor ?
  16. @ilensprod7334: what's the song name is ?
  17. @ramp8ge: Sieze all from this criminal organization
  18. @ramp8ge: Why did johns hopkins scrub thier mask efficiency studies fromcthe internet before the pandemic? Sieze all assets fromcthus scumbag organization and jail all its employees
  19. @Judybhorne: Question:  The baby shown in the beginning indicates the doctor is a mother, so what part of her busy schedule is devoted  to fulfilling her role as a mother? There is no higher calling in life than the relationship of parent to child, implying it requires time spent with the child to develop the relationship.  Unfortunately, it’s much later in life before we realize we had our priorities completely wrong and the word regrets takes on a whole new meaning.
  20. @nahlaelsayed3685: اختى روح جيم اسبوع

- A Day in the Life of an Emory IM Resident: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] every day when you interact with their patients the inpatient services you see everyone kind of working towards the same goal and I think that's really something special about Grady even in clinic I mean the smallest things kind of can teach you that lesson where patients keep coming back every few months and see you and they really see the value and getting care from Grady and from us as providers I think that is really rewarding so being at Emory I think one of the greatest strengths of this residency program that I've come to encounter in my first year here is the fact that we rotate at four different sites and we're able to see four different practices essentially so Grady being our safety net community hospital the VA serving all of our veterans Emory University with a lot which is a tertiary care center that gets a lot of referrals for rare strange diseases and then our Midtown hospital which is kind of a mix between academic and private practice it really allows us to figure out what our styles are and what kind of environment we want to practice in and give us a lot of exposure to different ways of approaching medicine he's given me the opportunity to kind of experience for different styles of medicine academic the veteran population county hospital setting and then a semi private practice feel at Midtown for me I think academic medicine is what I'm most interested in at this point but I still haven't really figured out what patient population I want to practice in and I love the fact that I've gotten the chance to experience diverse range of patients you

  Top Comments:
  1. @lelandpaul5460 [5 likes]: She's a GORGEOUS and STUNNING INDIAN PHYSICIAN.

- The Best Tips for Getting an Out of State Job: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everybody, it's Andy back for another week to help you build a career you love. Today we're going to talk about how to get an out of state job, so what those best tips are. This is really your remote job search, so if you're like me and you're in the United States and you're looking to change states, these techniques will apply, but I've also used these tips for people who are outside the US who want to move to the US or want to change countries. These techniques will apply regardless, but it is about moving for a job. I'm assuming as we go through this that you've decided you want to move. This is not about a company who hired you who is going to relocate you. This is about targeting opportunities in another state that you would like to move to. It is more complicated than searching for an opportunity within your city. Let's run through these. I've got nine of them. Some are a little more static, some are a little more dynamic, but let's run through them. I think you'll enjoy them. The first thing is I would take your address off your resume. It's subtle and simple, but we don't need to confuse matters if you are sending your resume to a different city or a different state. I generally recommend that you have an address of some sort or you let the employer know what town or state that you're in, but in this particular case, I'm a fan of removing it. It will only cause you hardship to leave it on and reduce the chances that somebody's actually going to give you a call back for an interview. The first thing that I would do is I'd remove your resume. The second thing is along the same lines. If you have an opportunity or you know somebody in the city that you are moving toward, it is kind of nice if you can have a home base in the city you want to move to. I realize that that is not always the case, but tip number two, if you can get an address in the target city, that will favor you. I would put that on the address. Those are just some things that you can clean up on the resume. I also recommend on your LinkedIn profile putting the city that you want to move toward. It will help as recruiters are searching for candidates in their area. They're more likely to come across your profile if you have the city that you want to move in on the LinkedIn profile. Your LinkedIn profile is not a legal document. In this particular case, it's okay to give yourself a leg up. If you do get calls out of the blue from recruiters, it's always okay to say, "I put that on my profile because I have decided I am moving there, so I started my search." It's perfectly okay. That's step number three. All right, tip number four is I would start to put together a target list of companies in the city you want to move toward. I always recommend that no matter who you are, however junior or senior you are, that you drive your job search based on your targeted company list. It is never more important than if you're moving cities to make sure that you have a list of great companies that you can reach out to. If you want more information on how to put a target company list together, I did an entire live office hours on that. I'll put the link in the description so you can check that out. There's 12 steps to putting together a great target company list, so I would start targeting organizations in that area so you can connect up with them with your resume, your cover letter, your LinkedIn in mails and however you're going to reach out to those organizations, but I would definitely have a list that you are targeting. That's number four. Number five, I would then start looking at the job boards. I wouldn't just look for positions that are available in the target city that you want, but I also like using the job boards to evaluate which companies are hiring. Even if they don't have a position that suits you perfectly, if the organization is hiring people, it's usually an indication that it's in growth mode and it would be a great company for you to reach into with your resume and your cover letter. I've also provided some free cover letters about how to apply when there's no job opening. You can check those out, but I would use the job boards to make sure that you're also servicing positions that are available, but also companies that are hiring to augment your targeted company list. That's number five. Number six, I recommend using LinkedIn to do some online networking with people in that particular city. Start following companies in that city. Start looking for people who work at organizations in that city. Start reaching out to them. You can say, "Hey, I noticed you work for this organization in such and such a city. I'm moving there and I'm trying to foster relationships with people who are there. I'd love to know how you feel about the city, your organization," and so on. It's okay to be upfront and honest, but I would start to plant the seed with people who are in that area and see if you can strike up a relationship with them. You never know. They might be able to turn into an employer referral for you or at least give you some insight, locations to live, organizations that are hiring, whatever it might be. You'd be amazed at what the locals know, so I would use LinkedIn to do that. Tip number seven, I would look at any meetup groups or online groups or organizations within that city that you might be able to join, learn, start networking with people in that town. In addition to LinkedIn, I would still look for online networking groups or other types of groups where you can get connected. Maybe if you're going to take some visits, you might plan them around meeting dates, things of that nature, but that's another great way to give you a leg up on targeting opportunities in a new city. That's number seven. All right, so number eight. This is really where the rubber meets the road. This is as you start to communicate with the organizations in that target city. You've looked at your target companies. You've got your city that you want to move to. You're going to start reaching out to them, whether you're applying directly through email or through the applicant tracking system. When you get your cover letter together, there are some messages that have to be conveyed in the cover letter, but before we go into any of those, I want you to understand the recruiter or the HR person's mindset when they're looking at somebody from out of town. Sometimes, not always, but sometimes they're concerned about the relocation expenses. They might not be able to afford the additional expense of moving you from a different city, so that's one thing that some of them might be concerned with. All of them, they're always concerned with whether you actually will follow through with the move. An out of town employee is a much greater risk than somebody that lives in the city, so you need to put those fears to bed. When you put your cover letter together, you need to be very explicit on a few things. "I'm reaching out because I want to work for your organization and I've targeted your organization because it's a great one and I have determined that I am moving to your city for sure." You've got to leave no doubt. You can't make it conditional, like, "I will move if I'm offered a job." It has the same effect that they're just as concerned about the relocation expenses and all these other things that are going to come up. It needs to be solid, and you also might want to include your rationale for why you are moving to that city, to the extent that you can add in extremely solid reasons, "I'm moving there for family. I'm moving there for friends. My wife or my husband is getting relocated because of their job." Whatever it might be, if you have that at your disposal, I would put it in the cover letter because that will help them rest easy that you are truly coming. The other thing that you might want to put in there is that you are coming no matter what and you are happy to pay your own relocation expenses. The most important thing is that you want to get with a great organization, which you think they are, and so on. You can check out some of my other cover letter templates that you can use, but you want to make sure that you are adding these elements in because you want to diffuse those issues. You do not want the employer worrying about that as an out of town person who's going to relocate. Number nine, I would also be very flexible on the interviews. To the extent that you can, accommodate their phone screen. Knowing that you're out of town, they're likely going to screen you on the phone. They might do a video interview and after a couple of sessions, they're going to want you to come in and be as flexible and accommodating as you can. If you want some tips to handle the phone interviews and the video interviews and those kind of things, I'll put those links in the description here as well so you can get some tips on how to interview effectively. Those are the nine tips. I know that it's a little bit more complicated. Some of these will apply, some of these won't, but you want to make sure that you're doing all of the things that you possibly can, you're not just combing LinkedIn and a couple of job boards to see what positions are available. There's a lot more to it. If you want more on the overall job search and how I would allocate my time, I would check out my live office hours on why your job search is taking so long. I would also check out that live office hours I mentioned about building a target company Those will both really help you. If you love this, give me the thumbs up. Make sure to subscribe to the channel because I release new videos every week and I also have live office hours every Thursday so you can be alerted to those. If you are watching this anywhere other than my YouTube channel or my Tips for Work and Life blog, hop over to those sites. I've got lots more videos, podcasts, articles, free downloads, all kinds of goodies for you. Until next week. Have a great one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @andylacivita [9 likes]: Folks, this video is now public and open for business! Please let me know what is ailing your job search! Also, make sure to SUBSCRIBE to my channel so you can stay up to date on new videos every Tuesday as well as my WEEKLY (YES! WEEKLY!) LIVE OFFICE HOURS SESSIONS every Thursday. Hope to see you there!
  2. @Maruchan-jk4jp [5 likes]: I was asked recently from a recruiter if I was willing to relocate to another state before moving forward with an interview. That seems a bit risky to me. I answered no. I could fly out and do an interview, but to relocate just to have them say no, then what?
  3. @Nick-ru2rm [3 likes]: I need a job to get an apartment but I need an apartment to get a job. This seems insurmountable.
  4. @krystalwirth9646 [2 likes]: I want to move out of Portland, OR and back to CO. Colorado Springs to be exact. I have 9 months to save and prepare for this. 🙏 I have a friend in the city I want to move to.
  5. @brianmedeiros6845 [2 likes]: Really opened my eyes on the approach and putting myself in the employer’s shoes-Thanks
  6. @INFJ2 [1 likes]: Andy is my favorite person for all things job related
  7. @ethankirchneranimation [1 likes]: A great idea for me to move to California to be an artist, animator, producer, voice actor, etc.
  8. @Still_Mind_Studio [1 likes]: Very helpful, thank you so much!
  9. @her87nsxr [1 likes]: Thanks for the advice.
  10. @blueocean1997 [1 likes]: Very helpful. Thank you!!
  11. @Star-vg7ix [1 likes]: Great advice
  12. @magdalenabarszcz5788 [1 likes]: I am going to move from Poland to Charlotte NC this summer. I wonder what phone number should I put on my resume.
  13. @joytovar6834 [1 likes]: I have another question. As ar as a relocation reason in a cover letter , I want to state that I am relocating permanently to saginaw, Michigan by myself to start fresh. How can I go about stating that in a more professional way? Thanks.
  14. @joytovar6834 [1 likes]: Do these tips only apply for corporate office jobs? Im not really all that experienced in those type of jobs. Im more experienced in jobs such as Cashier/Customer Service/ and Food Services/  Restaurants. I am moving to Michigan in May from  Ohio and Im looking to get a job first. I don't have a linkedin account but I have applied or jobs on websites such as Indeed.com, Ziprecruiter.com and Snagajob.com. Can those sites work for my out of state job search as well? Thanks
  15. @Siel-bm7gx: Great tips, i have a question though what if you are willing to relocate for the right opportunity no other reason does that have to be on cover letter.  I do have family in certain states
  16. @WaterFor3st: I may have almost had an offer but I said I will relocate after an offer. I wanted to tell them I am there but I didn’t want to get caught in lies. Travel time and needing a local address is the issue really. I recently figured out what I can do. Get a mailbox/PO box there to use that as my address but I would have to go there to get it set up. Traveling back and forth is irritating when you don’t have the PTO. Of course having money saved may help but saving up is what I’m trying to do now so that I can eventually take off work to do this and change my location on my resume. Great advice.
  17. @yanetrodriguezcruz3609: I lost all my funds in this state due to lack of work and i am homeless. I have a job right now but if you have any company looking for employees in another stay please send me a link. Thanks.
  18. @Lilililihozak: Thanks, for the video. The problem is they ask our zip code in job applications. How can we deal with that?
  19. @yowalker5956: Thank you for this! Just question how do I put new state address in my LinkedIn profile while I am still employed at the company which is located in the home/old state ?
  20. @brianmedeiros6845: I have an opportunity to relocate in the same state although it’s a 2 hr 45 min drive from my current home. My reason to relocate is that I can purchase a home in a beautiful area for half the price. My question being if I apply for the job and get it where do I live so that I’m near the plant while I sell my home? I just don’t know what to say to the employer when they ask me how I’m going to get there? Thank You

- States with the Most Human Resource Manager Jobs: Kind: captions Language: en-US Where are the best places in the US to find HR Manager jobs? For other industries, everyone knows the destinations that aspiring professionals head to. If you want to get into movies, many head to Hollywood. Those wanting to get into fashion head to New York. For internet technology, you might move to Silicon Valley. But what about HR Manager jobs? Well, let’s take a look right now! Hi Streamliners, Greg here with another video on HR careers. Today, we’re asking where can we find the largest amount of HR Manager jobs in the country? In some industries, where you live can give you a significant advantage by providing more opportunity. Other industries are a little more spread out and the location doesn’t always matter. But what about HR Manager roles? Does it matter where you live? If you are a college student graduating with a human resources degree, or maybe an HR professional looking for the market that might provide you with the most opportunity to land that next position, this variable can have an impact on your job search. Now to be clear, HR manager roles exist all throughout the country. While many think of HR roles as tied to corporate headquarters, they are often found at many businesses that have lots of employees. In manufacturing or processing plants for example. Warehouses, hotels, distribution centers, you name it, there may be an opportunity for human resource jobs to be available. However, living in a town with only a few large business locations may severely limit your opportunities and could create a risk, should you get laid off. So the Bureau of Labor Statistics provides an analysis by job category of prevalence in each market. They look at both state and local markets. Today, we’re going to focus on the states where the most opportunities exist. The current data is taken from their 2019 survey. While the data is not perfect, the BLS analysis is a great resource. As you can see from the map, they track how many “HR Manager” roles are available in each state. Now to be fair, the number of opportunities is strongly correlated with the state’s population. For this video, states with more people and more jobs will tend to have a higher count of HR folks on staff. That said, I will also share the employment per thousand jobs and the location quotient, which is the ratio of area concentration relative to the national average. As a bonus, we’re going to identify the top five states/districts for HR Manager jobs relative to location quotient. So stick around until the end for that. On the map, there are 14 states that listed as dark green, which means that there are greater than 3,850 HR Manager jobs in the state. Those states are • California • Florida • Georgia • Illinois • Massachusetts • Michigan • Minnesota • New Jersey • New York • Ohio • Pennsylvania • Tennessee • Texas • Virginia On the flip side of this, in 2019, there were only 160 HR manager roles reported in Wyoming. North and South Dakota reported 240 and 270 HR Manager roles, respectively. So while there are a few HR jobs in those states, there aren’t many. Well then, now that we know the top fourteen, and the bottom three, who are the top five states? Coming in at number 5 is Florida at 7,980 HR Manager roles. While the Employment per thousand is a little lower at 0.91 and the location quotient is a mere 0.86, the volume of jobs is high, which helps catapult Florida into the top five. Coming in at number 4 is Texas with 10,260 roles. Similar to Florida, the employment per thousand jobs is quite low at 0.83 and the location quotient is a mere 0.78. Despite these lower ratios, Texas has the population to have over 10,000 opportunities for HR Mangers. Coming in at number 3 is Illinois with 10,890 roles. With a strong employment per thousand of 1.81, Illinois is a state well represented by HR professionals. The location quotient is also a strong 1.71, which is the highest of any of the states in the top five. Coming in at number 2 is New York with 10,980 HR Managers. New York has a health 1.15 roles per thousand jobs and a respectable location quotient of 1.09. New York has a lot of HR opportunities within it’s market. And number one on the list is … drumroll please … given my clues earlier, you can probably guess it is California, with a staggering 21,600 HR Manager jobs. California has a healthy 1.24 HR manager opportunities per thousand jobs and a location quotient of 1.18. So population and strong quotient numbers drive California to it’s number one ranking. So I kept referencing jobs-per-thousand and location quotient. Now for extra credit, which are the top five states or districts with the highest concentration of jobs? Surprisingly, this is almost a totally different list. But if you are looking for the states with highest concentration, it actually shakes out as follows: • Coming in at number five is Minnesota with a 1.58 employment per thousand and a location quotient of 1.5. • Connecticut comes in at number 4 with a 1.8 employment per thousand and a location quotient of 1.7. • Appearing on it’s second list of the night is Illinois at number 3 with a 1.81 employment per thousand and a location quotient of 1.71. • Massachusetts comes in at number 2 with a 1.86 employment per thousand and a location quotient of 1.77. • And the District of Columbia comes in at the top of the list with a 2.21 employment per thousand and a location quotient of 2.09. I hope this video provides you with some insight on how HR Manager jobs are distributed around the US. Please don’t take this list as a direction that you need to pick-up and move in order to find an HR job. It is simply intended to help people understand where a specific job tends to be most prevalent. Also, I did not speak to salaries in each of these markets. That will be presented in a later video. If you thought your location would appear on the list, but didn’t, check out the next video I release, which looks at employment of human resource manager roles by area. In that video, it breaks down the top ten metro areas in the US. And spoiler alert, there will be metropolitan areas I didn’t expect to see. So don’t forget to like and subscribe to the channel, then join me for my next video. If you are viewing this before that video is released, check out one of the HR related videos showing on the screen now. Until next time, take care!

- How to apply to a job out of state: Kind: captions Language: en searching for a job is already stressful it takes a lot of time and energy off your plate but what if you're looking to relocate move to another city or state and you are looking to get the attention of that recruiter i know that a lot of candidates are frustrated and they're wondering if they're being seen or if they're being taken seriously so in this video i'm going to cover just a few things to think about if you're applying to a job in another state and city [Music] if we haven't met i'm jeremy nichols i'm a full-time head hunter and recruiter in the hospitality space i've been recruiting for over 20 years and have interviewed thousands of candidates and i am here to help now my first tip is know your city and what i mean by that when you are applying to that job know exactly the city that you're applying to now i know that you probably read it on the job posting but if you're applying to positions in many different cities in many different states you better be specific when you're applying to that city and that state and know your stuff do your research for instance if you're applying to the state of florida and you're speaking to a recruiter or a hiring manager and let's say it's in the town of ocala do not tell the recruiter that you're looking just to move to florida to get away from the snow ocala is a lot different than miami miami is a lot different than tampa and tampa is a lot different than the panhandle anybody that lives in florida knows just how diverse each area is and somebody who would rather be in a city like tampa or orlando probably would not be happy in a town like dustin they are all great locations but they're totally different than what they offer the person and the amenities and the last thing a hiring manager or recruiter wants or needs is for you to use this position to move you to their state and then for you to realize hey i don't want to be in this city i think i'm just going to move to miami so that would be a complete waste of time because if they're paying for relocation they're definitely going to be upset and even if you paid on your own dollar they still took the time to wait for you to train you and take you into their company and now you're telling them what they already know that is why there's a lot of pushback from all states when they have reload candidates because they want to make sure that you want to be in that particular city and that particular state before i go into my second tip subscribe to this channel if you are a candidate in the market right now if you're looking to differentiate yourself from other candidates and make your job search easier this is what this channel is for so click that subscribe button and ring that notification bell for weekly updates number two i would say find some recruiters and yes i said plural even though i'm a recruiter i don't have every search every requisition in the state of florida now i work florida and i have several searches but the chances of me having that job for you at that moment you know it's a roll the dice so reach out to a few recruiters in that state and city and find out if there's any opportunities that could be a fit also just use them to network get to know them get some intel and have them in your back pocket for future searches my third tip is to network like crazy linkedin is perfect you probably heard that a million times well use it get on linkedin look up the market look up the city and network within that industry within that niche in that company and just spread out make sure you're making those connections connecting with the seconds in linkedin and turning them into firsts sending them direct messages trying to see if there's a time where you guys can jump on the phone or zoom for a quick chat talk about the whatever you got to do to network like crazy in that market do it the worst thing that can happen is they would say no my fourth tip would be to do something that well most recruiters and hiring managers are probably going to cringe at when i say it and that is to remove the city and state from your resume now i do not like seeing resumes without a city and state just as much as the recruiter or headhunter or hiring manager that is watching this video does but here is the reason why on the canada end if you meet all the qualifications and on paper you look like a great fit for that position they're going to want to talk to you and they're going to either email or call you to find out where you live and this gives you the opportunity to do your quick elevator pitch and i made a video for that and i'll post that for you right here just click on that link if you want to see a little bit about a quick elevator pitch because you want to have that ready when they call you and you can quickly sell yourself on why you are open or interested in relocating to that area now if you do not want to remove the city and state from your resume this brings me into my last tip and that is to include your relocation plan in a cover letter now this is going to mean you're going to have to personalize each cover letter to whatever area you're looking to be in but this gives you an opportunity to break it down address the elephant in the room right in that cover letter okay that is it those are my quick tips and tricks on how to differentiate yourself and stand out and get past that wall if you're a candidate that is looking to apply to a position outside of your city and state now i hope this video helped if you have any questions at all please write them in the comments section below and you can also send me an email at jeremy geckohospitality.com please like this video give me that thumbs up if you like the content that i'm sharing and i hope that you continue to have a successful job hunt and a great week i will see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @nick8243 [8 likes]: In my previous job searches as a nonlocal candidate, I would put the city and state on my resume. I want the employer/recruiter to know that I'm not local. I don't want them to be surprised and I don't want to waste their time if it's a deal breaker that I'm not local. Searching for a job as a nonlocal candidate isn't easy but I ultimately end up getting interviews and offers anyway. Heck, some employers can't find qualified local candidates, so they MUST be open to relo candidates. I have always been willing to cover my own relocation expenses, too. What I don't like, however, is that the employer or recruiter gets nosey and asks why I want to move there. It's a fair question, but many of them seem to only take me seriously if I have a family or friend connection to the location. It's like.... I'm not moving for family reasons. I'm moving because I WANT to live in that city. But it's not usually good enough of a reason for them. 🤦‍♂️
  2. @wilsonpreston4618 [6 likes]: I legit keep getting denied for social work jobs in California and I am from PA it’s so frustrating
  3. @thescreamking944 [6 likes]: Thank you Jeremy , my fiancé and I are moving to New York City by July 2022. We are aiming to move to Brooklyn New city . So yes this video is helping us look at jobs in the big city since we currently live in Texas . Needing a fresh start somewhere else
  4. @JohnSmith-so6xm [5 likes]: Imop if you really wanna live in that city or state, you pick up and just go. After saving a ton of money. Employers just do not want to hire out of state. Why would I hire someone miles away when I can just get local candidates with similar talent?

My uncle is a hiring manager and when he gets out of state resumes they go right in the trash. Everyone wants to live in LA, but do not know the downsides of living here. People are just not keen on hiring out of state, do not make it harder on yourself.
  5. @dannychampagne7240 [4 likes]: Thanks a lot Jeremy! I am following these tips to the T!!!!
  6. @schmethany [3 likes]: Hi Jeremy! I recently heard you speak at GVSU and I just wanted to thank you for sharing your advice, both here on this and during the Zoom meeting. I’ll be graduating soon and may be applying to jobs out of state in future, so I’ll definitely be taking your advice!
  7. @ndidinwosu1148 [2 likes]: Does putting your out of state address on the actual application decrease chances. Ive heard dont put out of state address on resume but you have to put address on application. Suggestions ?
  8. @Joe-xm3fm [1 likes]: How do I reach out to you to be my recruiter
  9. @e.leonardcunningham8912 [1 likes]: Thank for sharing some insightful information on applying for work out of state. I currently live in the California area but looking to relocate to the Southeast Region. Is is good to use a friend  / family member address when completing a job application on line which has the area which im planning to relocate to. Also how should one answer, what's the amount of time needed in relocating.
  10. @gregstotko8030 [1 likes]: I'm planning on moving to North Charleston within four months. When would be a good time to send out cover letters and resume?
  11. @TheLucyBess [1 likes]: How do you find recruiters?
  12. @shawnthewonder [1 likes]: Even after this I'm still unsure what to do. I read an article saying I should put willing to relocate on my resume, but you didn't mention that here only in the cover letter so I'm so unsure.
  13. @KK-nl3oe [1 likes]: Very informative!
  14. @leticiacollier4083: Hi Jeremy, I have completed my MBA, and have been looking for a job for over a year. I have had no luck in finding a job.
  15. @RCooke357: Your lips are glossy-glossy.

- Out-of-State Job Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] out of state challenges that's kind of a bucket because you've got out of state jobs it's hard to visit them make sure they're going right you have to rely on your for and when you're working a job out of state you have to manage all your things in state so that in my opinion is the major out of state job challenge MH is managing it from aart and knowing it's being managed efficiently because I'm my hands on girl yeah so that's my challenge so out of state jobs you know in the bid room again trying to get as detailed as you can right um having the conversations with the client making sure they understand and they know hey're we're out of state we're going to be traveling technicians we're sending people we're planning on this amount of stays how many mobilizations we have you know the biggest challenge for us is is Meeting those um you know requirements trying to get a a finalized schedule sometimes from our client during the bid process is is a challenge um you know assumptions have to be made uh sometimes but you know we do our best to based off you know the footprint of the building and you know uh how how long it takes us to do our install and and you know just try to figure out exactly how many round trips you know we're going to have one of the biggest challenges there is is is uh the travel and um sometimes logistically it's a nightmare with Trucking and shipping uh but you know uh we've been doing this long enough now where we got a lot of those Hang-Ups uh issued out but you're only as good as the the the shipping guy right so that's a big challenge too sometimes [Applause]

- How to Go from Manager to Director - Land an Executive Level Position: Kind: captions Language: en I've been a manager for seven years. When will I be ready to be a director? I'm capable of managing my team successfully. So why haven't I been promoted to director level? Now, these are the questions I receive all the time from my clients and generally in a corporation, the progression into director-level read something like this. You start out as an individual contributor and then you are promoted to manager. And within manager, of course, are junior manager, mid-level manager, and senior level manager. And after that, you become a director. And then director beyond you become VP vice president, and then the c-level and that's generally how things occur. You see most of the things that we do what we think about when it comes to being promoted from manager to director, most of the things that are required to be a great individual contributor are the exact opposite of the things that you need to be successful when it comes to director level. So that's why in this video, I want to share with you some key strategies that I share with my clients as well when it comes to being competitive and positioning yourself for director level even before you have the official title. Now, it's important to begin to position yourself that way. Even if you're not sure if at the next review, that you might get that promotion because marketing yourself is a key component of the promotion. It is a process. It's not that you start marketing the minute you are asked with the promotion, or you start marketing during the performance review, where you're being assessed. Marketing is an entire process you can't leave until the very end. So that's what I want to share with you today and some of the key strategies that you can implement right away. And just a hint, a lot of them require a mindset shift. So, that's why you can get, you can get kind of you can get away for it for a while, when it comes to being an individual contributor and being used to that rule, you can get away with that for a while when you are at the manager level. But as soon as you are at the director level, it's a whole different game. If you can think of it as kind of like a game board, you have a game board, which is at the individual contributer and that could breed into manager level and you can still be successful and feel like you're making progress. But at the director level, it is a completely different game board. Think of it as board games, right? What happens when you play a different board game? Different rules, different strategies for success, and that's exactly how you want to think about it when it comes to manager versus director, different rules and different strategies for success. So the director level you got to start to operate cross-functionally and manage to be used to, and have the vernacular on how to manage a larger team with a much broader set of responsibilities. So, what I want to share with you in this video are the ABCs of how to go from manager to a director. And I want to hear from you as well. Comment below, if what I'm saying with you resonates with you and this is an interesting topic for you. Give me a thumbs up as well. Let me know you're here and remember to subscribe to my channel. Ring that bell below the video as well so that you could be notified every time I release a new video, right? So ABCs of how to become manager and being promoted to director. ABC's. A is for articulate. Articulate what? Articulate new standards of excellence. And this is as a director, one of your key roles on the director level is to lead a team and you're leading them to adopt new processes. These new processes are key in the corporation to lead to improvements and the improvements that a company is aiming for at a director level, the improvements you are able to provide them are orders of magnitude higher than what you have been able to achieve as a manager. So this is orders of magnitude higher. Think about the way that the improvement of processes that you had as an individual contributor and as a manager, and think bigger than that and that is the director level. Right? Managers lead a team to execute based on established processes. And as a manager, you’re used to meeting benchmarks and as individual contributor as well. And it might be that when you were an individual contributor, you might have excelled in those same processes that now that you're a manager, you're teaching your teams how to excel those processes and implement those processes as well. And so you're essentially as a manager, you're leading your teams to do what you did successfully when you were an individual contributor. Now that I understand that process, but that structure is completely different when you are at director level. At a director level, you're not showing the managers what you did when you were a manager, it requires a completely different way of thinking. The director now needs to lead people and teams that they don't directly manage. And that's the key. When you are manager, you know, junior, senior, mid-level, doesn't matter when you're a manager you directly you directly have reports and your direct reports are reporting to you. So therefore you tell them what to do, you tell them what the vision is and you course correct when necessary. But as a director, you are leading cross-functional teams and a lot of the teams that you're leading are not directly reporting to you. Yet you need to influence them, that you need to articulate down towards them so they don't directly report to you. So there's this degree of separation, if you will for lack of a better term, so the question then becomes, how do you lead them? Because this requires an entirely different set of leadership and influence skills. Because here's the thing. It's one thing to be able to influence people who report to you. And because they report to you by your position as manager, they're willing to do it and they will, they will they will do as they're told, but it's a completely different ballgame. And I always mention this completely different board game. It's completely different much different thing to be able to influence people, that you don't have direct power over. How could you empower them? How do you influence them? And how do you get them to execute on your vision? That's a completely different set of leadership skills all together. So here's what I would suggest. That's why it's important that right now, even before you see a promotion on horizon, if that's what you're serious about achieving, that type of promotion, then right now get involved, find ways to get involved in some more cross-functional responsibilities. Projects that demand cross-functional leadership so that now you can begin to learn what it takes to be successful in that type of directorship environment. By the way, if what I'm saying is resonating with you and you understand the importance of coaching, executive coaching, a lot of directors do, if you look at executives in companies, most of them are currently working with a coach to help them to develop these skills. Leadership skills, influence skills, communication skills, and also skills on how to navigate through ambiguity. So, if you're serious about investing in that coaching for yourself and you want to work with someone who has helped other executives to become successful and continue that growth trajectory. Then I invite you to book a call with me because below this video, there's a description below the video and on the first link of the description that is the link for you to book a call with me, fill out an application for coaching, executive level coaching. And this is where either myself or someone from my team will get on a call with you just to explore if whether or not this is the right fit. No commitment. There's nothing to sell. It's just a conversation to explore whether or not I can truly help you with what you're looking for. And if this is going to be the right fit and it's really an exploration, a discovery call. And this is only for you if you are serious about receiving that type of coaching to take your skills, your understanding, and your competencies to that next level. So if that's you I look forward to working with you on the inside and making this year and every year your best year ever. So that is the A, ABCs of how to be promoted to director. A was to articulate, B is to become. Become what? Become a student of your discipline. The difference between manager versus director is exactly this, managers prescribe versus directors who mentor. Directors mentor. Mentorship is a form of teaching. You're teaching you're passing your knowledge. Alright so what do I mean by that? Managers prescribe, in other words, managers tell their direct reports, here's the direction we need to go. Here's the challenges we're facing, and here's what we're going to do about it. So it's a prescription for lack of a better term. Here's here's what we need to do to carry out to come, come across these challenges to get to where we want to be. Okay team, let's implement. Whereas directors are teaching a completely different skill set and modality of communication. Right? Teaching is not the same thing as prescribing. It requires a completely different mindset and modality of communication. Teaching means that you yourself as a director, or a candidate as a director, you yourself must understand the mental models behind your profession. Because you've worked so hard to develop your skill sets right now, through education, and learning on the job. But you got to understand what are my mental models? First principle of thinking. So that therefore, you can teach people how to think about the thing, instead of telling them because as a director instead of telling them what action to take, you kind of deeply understand. Okay, here's what we're going to do. But here's why this works. Here's why this is going to be successful. Here's why I do what I do. Here's why my approach is this way. And here's why the vision is the vision that it is. So why do your models work? Why does your strategic thinking work, the way that you implement your critical procedures? Why do those things work? You got to understand that at the deepest level for yourself, so that you can articulate it. Have you ever noticed that sometimes somebody is could be really good at what they do, but they don't know how to teach somebody to be good at what they do. Have you ever noticed that? Some of the greatest sports sports, some of the greatest athletes out there or the greatest individuals in their industry. They don't know how to pass on their knowledge. So that's why it's a completely different level of knowledge and communication, to be able to teach it is a much higher level. And that is what will be expected of you as a director. So I would suggest here's what I would suggest, start learning your exact mental models. The mental models that made you successful both as a manager, and will continue to make you successful as a director. Start to understand them and understand them to the point that you can articulate it. Communicate it clearly and coherently. And when you understand it, look for the key functional processes and the competencies in your discipline, and that will equip you with the modality of communication that will position you for success. Okay. So we have A for articulate, B is to become, and C is to Charter. Charter. Charter what? Charter the course for the company. This is a key, another key strategy for having positioning yourself, into a director position. Charter the course of your company, you need to be able to demonstrate that you have the competency to do that. How do you charter the course? Right. Because the difference again, in this modality, the difference between a manager and a director is this, well, a manager is more involved in overseeing employees and supervising the implementation of the team. The director on the other hand is focused not just on this some this sort of day-to-day implementations. It’s completely different. Directors, what they do instead is they are fundamental at formulating, what's going to be next? What's going to be next on the company's agenda? What's going to be next on their growth plan? What's going to be next on their innovation trajectory? What's going to be next in their productivity? So you got to understand, how am I going to chart the course to come? And you got to do that, chart the course, before delivering instructions to the managers below, you to carry them out, right? So that is the key importance and understand every point that I've shared with you today, shared with you the key difference between manager versus director. It's time to think differently. It’s time to play a different game. And as a director, you got to be able to consistently not you're not involved in the day-to-day implementation so much anymore, but your day-to-day, what you are dedicated towards is formulating, what is success going to look like? What is it going to look like for us? And then after that examining and evaluating the company's process, what are the short call? What are the shortfalls for example? Examining, what are the bottlenecks that we’re having? And what's this system that we're going to put in place? And how is it working? And where is that system failing? Focusing on the goals of the company is one of the key, the key implementers of the directors, the director level as well, right? So that's ABC. A is articulate, B is to become, C is to charter the course, and D is to develop. Develop what? Develop great future managers. Think about building a legacy. We all want to have a legacy which means we want to make our most meaningful contribution using our knowledge and expertise. So, this is really much personified in the director. A director is there to coach and mentor individuals. And when under their mentorship, those mentees become great managers, they could become great managers. And they lead teams. They are fantastic at being able to instill processes, right? Compared with managers who just develop certain competencies within an individual contributor. Because if you remember this, when you're in, when you're an individual contributor during that phase of your career, you had a manager mentoring you to help you develop certain areas, key areas of gaps, or maybe competencies that you need to improve and that's what managers do. But at the director level, it's much broader than that, you're developing great managers which then become the future directors. So this is a complete mindset shift that I encourage you to adopt right now, rather than focus on what you’ve been comfortable with which is helping individuals coach to develop one particular competency. You got to excel at teaching, what are the unique qualifications? What are the unique competencies and abilities that are required to be a great manager, right? So I want to hear from you, comment below. What are what's your key takeaway that you took from this? What is something that that I spoke to that really resonated with you, that you just really realize, this is it! I never thought of it this way. This is what I'm going to work on. Comment below and commit to that. This is the investment you're going to make in yourself. All right, so I look forward to hanging out with you again in my next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @drgracelee [24 likes]: Are you finally ready to move to the executive level position you've always dreamed of? Achieve your professional and personal goals, apply for my mentorship program here: https://to.masteryinsights.com/application
  2. @barrysmith8193 [5 likes]: I own 5 companies and have over 185 staff members. I never stop thinking about who will be the next in line to grow up the ladder of success in my companies. Those that create value for the company, our customers, and indeed those others that surround them are always recognized. I always enjoy Dr. Lees videos and especially the public comments as they give me an insight to how growing managers currently think. I’m 78 so keeping in touch with younger growing managers sector is important to my own view and thoughts.
  3. @TheNewNextPod [1 likes]: This is such a fantastic video. Very great information to set framing
  4. @summersnake: Thanks for this guidance!  I've been operating, I believe, at director level for some time now, but in interviews I think I make the mistake of speaking from a Sr. Manager perspective. What's even more confusing is that I've been interviewed for "director" jobs where hands-on coding was expected. So, this seems to be all over the place. Your words help me understand how I should be positioning myself and how I should speak to questions which is different from how I do so today. Inspiring!
  5. @Hyperlynx-studio: I’d be happy to be promoted to manager
  6. @nivea8616: I have been a manager in a company for 2 years and I got a promotion of senior manager but I could stay in that location for 6 months without learning what a senior manager do. Now in the new location I joined another org as a manager and for over 1.5 years I have not worked on anything except for honing technical skills. Not mapped to any project or any BD activities. What is your suggestion for me?
  7. @Thinking_Ape_Plus_Clothes: What’s fascinating is the more senior I become as a Manager the more appreciation I have for the role of a Director
  8. @kalyanv8301: Great tip towards becoming a director. Would be
 interested in more
  9. @jiajing-118: wo！！！
  10. @wendyfeng8697: and there is also the type of manager where I only manage projects not people
  11. @everusa15: Bulsheet, we articulate as well as managers and as principals or arhitects. I dont get what are u trying to say. Its politics. Its expected that u dont cut u arent impatient, u take tiem, u let others act. U can do it but u only act when necessary. If we let the politics and the facade u will find out director is just a manager with insights on a bigger scale in
Advance.
  12. @AshishKumar-yl4rq: I have been a manager for 18 years but never got promoted to director. I changed multiple orgs but director is still far
  13. @IamAriel: Directors create the path. Managers monitor the path
  14. @pinkpearlscurls: I am a skilled manager, and what really caught my attention was step B: Becoming a Student of your Discipline. I am confident in my ability to deliver results. Nevertheless, taking the time to carefully document and explain my process is truly transformative.
  15. @nanthu7090: Eye opening content. Delivered clearly

Articulate
Become
Charter
Develop
  16. @tourphotsin7387: Boss fall in love 🌹
  17. @dmssharadhi: Great knowledge and insights
  18. @Vincentteoh86: informative thanks for the content 😊
  19. @nampanmajumapan7571: Be a manager first.. it's already a hard start..
  20. @sarthak067: I realised that you have rightly highlighted that Directors look within and develop and at the same time be the student of the Philosophy which will carve the path for the organisational growth and sustainability.

- What Are Residency Tie-breaker Rules In Tax Treaties For Dual Residents? - Asian American CPA: Kind: captions Language: en What are residency tiebreaker rules and tax treaties for dual residents? Imagine being caught between two countries, each claiming you as a resident for tax purposes. It can be confusing, but there are clear rules to help decide which country gets to tax you. When someone qualifies as a resident into countries under their domestic laws, tax treaties step in to resolve this. These treaties include specific rules called residency tiebreaker rules. They are designed to assign a single country of residence for tax purposes, so you avoid paying taxes twice on the same income. These rules are usually found in the treaty's article about residency, often called article 4. The process involves a series of tests that are applied one after the other. First, they look at where you have a permanent home. If you have a permanent home in only one country, that country is your tax residence. If you have a permanent home in both countries or neither, they then check where your personal and economic ties are strongest. This includes your family, work, social connections, and financial interests. If they still can't decide, the next step is to see where you habitually live, meaning where you spend most of your time. If you are still considered a resident in both or neither country, they look at your nationality. If you are a citizen of only one of the countries, that can determine your residency. If all these tests don't give a clear answer, then the authorities from both countries will talk to each other to reach an agreement. For example, the United States and China have their own versions of these rules. The United States applies these tests in order while China prefers to consult directly with the other count's tax authorities. For Asian-American taxpayers, understanding these rules is very helpful. Many immigrants or expatriots may have ties to both the United States and an Asian country, leading to dual residency. Properly applying these rules helps avoid paying taxes twice and clarifies your filing obligations. When claiming treaty benefits based on these rules, you need to notify the Internal Revenue Service by filing form 8,833, which is the treaty based return position disclosure. Not filing this for might cause the IRS to treat you as a US resident, which could lead to double taxation or other issues. Even if the treaty assigns you to one country, the other country might still tax income earned within its borders. However, the treaty usually provides relief like exemptions or foreign tax credits. For Asian-American taxpayers, navigating dual residency, working with tax professionals who know both US and Asian country laws and treaties is a smart move. They can help you correctly apply the tiebreaker rules and meet all reporting requirements.

- How Do Tax Treaty Residency Tie-breaker Rules Work For Dual Residents? - Asian American CPA: Kind: captions Language: en How do tax treaty residency tiebreaker rules work for dual residents? Imagine being caught between two countries, each claiming you as a resident for tax purposes. It can get confusing, especially if you have ties to both. When you are considered a resident of two countries under their domestic laws, tax treaties step in to help. These treaties include rules called tiebreaker rules to decide which country gets to treat you as a resident for treaty benefits. They are mainly found in article for of most tax treaties. The process starts with the permanent home test. This checks where you have a permanent place to live. If you have a home in only one country, that country is your tax residence for treaty purposes. If you have homes in both or neither, the next step looks at where your personal and economic ties are stronger. This includes your family, social life, work, political or cultural connections. The country where these ties are closer is usually your residence. If that still doesn't give a clear answer, the treaty considers where you usually live or spend most of your time. This is called the habitual abode test. If you spend more time in one country, that country may be your tax residence. If this also doesn't resolve the issue, the next step looks at your nationality. If you are a citizen of only one of the countries, that country is often considered your residence for treaty purposes. In rare cases where none of these tests work, the tax authorities from both countries will work together to decide your residency. They will look at your specific facts and circumstances to make a decision. For AsianAmerican taxpayers who have ties to both the United States and an Asian country with a tax treaty, understanding these rules is very important. Even if you are considered a resident in both countries under their laws, the treaty tiebreaker rules help determine which country has the primary right to tax your worldwide income. This way you avoid paying taxes twice on the same income. To claim this, you usually need to file form 188333 with the Internal Revenue Service. This from shows you are claiming treaty benefits and helps prevent being treated as a US resident for tax purposes. If the treaty assigns residency elsewhere, remember these tiebreaker rules only apply for treaty purposes. They do not change your domestic residency status. You might still have to file in both countries, but the treaty helps you avoid double taxation. If you are a green card holder or meet the substantial presence test in the United States, claiming foreign residency under the treaty can impact your US tax status and rules about expatriation. Overall, these rules give a clear process to decide your tax residency when you have ties to more than one country. They help reduce confusion and prevent double taxation. If you have complex residency situations, it's a good idea to review the relevant treaty and consult a tax professional. They can help you navigate these rules and make sure you are compliant while optimizing your tax position.

- Does Mexico Recognize Dual Citizenship? - Magical Mexico Moments: Kind: captions Language: en does Mexico recognize dual citizenship if you're considering expanding your Global Connections and wondering whether Mexico allows you to hold citizenship in more than one country you're in the right place let's break down the details to help you understand the process and benefits first the good news is that Mexico does indeed recognize dual citizenship this means you can become a citizen of Mexico without having to give up your existing citizenship from another country however it's important to note that not all countries allow dual citizenship so you need to check the laws of your current country of citizenship as well if you're a US citizen there's no requirement under us law to relinquish your citizenship when you take up citizenship of another country this makes it possible for you to hold both us and Mexican citizenship simultaneously to become a Mexican citizen you typically need to meet certain requirements one common path is through residency where you must live legally in Mexico for at least 5 years either with a temporary or permanent residency during this time you need to demonstrate ties to the community pass exams on Mexican history and culture and show Proficiency in Spanish there are also shorter paths to citizenship if you have a connection to Mexico through family for example if you're married to a Mexican citizen you can apply for citizenship after just 2 years of residency similarly if you have Mexican parents or children you may be eligible for citizenship through parentage even if you were born outside Mexico once you've met the residency or family requirements you'll need to gather specific documents such as a valid passport residency card proof of address and a clean criminal record you'll also need to submit an application form pass the required exams and attend an interview after approval you'll participate in a ceremony where you promise to follow the Mexican constitution it's also worth noting that some countries like Austria China India and Japan do not allow dual citizenship so if you're a citizen of one of these countries you might need to choose between your current citizenship and the new one you're applying for in summary Mexico's recognition of dual citizenship opens up a world of opportunities for those looking to to expand their Global Connections whether you're a foreigner seeking Mexican citizenship or a Mexican exploring options abroad dual citizenship can enrich your life by providing broader legal rights and easier living and working conditions in both countries always ensure you understand the specific laws and requirements of both your current and desired countries of citizenship

- Who Gets to Tax You? Tie Breaker Rules in Tax Treaties: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back everyone michael here with offshore citizen we had a question from our viewer stephen dally i hope you're pronouncing that right thank you steven which is asking if i could please make a video about tiebreaker rules so this is a somewhat boring but yet important conversation so we're going to dive in today to tiebreaker rules in treaties how they work where they apply etc so let's talk about it right now before we do if you haven't already please hit the subscribe button hit the all notification bell if you'd like help with international tax optimization paying the most legal amount of tax possible setting up an international business structure of yourself relocating abroad getting residencies and citizenships etc please reach out to us you can book a call with me calendar.com forward michael rosmer there's a link in the description below and you can also send a message to our website's offshore offshorecitizen.net or offshorecapitalist.com also links below okay so for context on tiebreaker rules this applies to tax treaties and the worthwhile starting point to realize is that international law trumps domestic law okay so when a country has agreed to a treaty between countries essentially what they're saying is that those rules kind of surpass their own rules and i remember when i first heard of this concept it was actually years and years ago when i was in grade school i think grade 8 or something like that somewhere between grade 7 and 10 anyway and we were studying japan and talking about how foreign diplomats got to use foreign laws in japan this was back you know in like after uh whatever his name was matthew perry i believe it was sailed into japan and was the kind of end of the tokugawa era in the start of the meiji period and so this was like crazy to me right like how can this happen and obviously today we still have diplomats having diplomatic immunity doesn't entirely mean that there's no consequences because they'll often get deported and things like this but they can definitely get away with a lot of things you know i just thought what a nuts situation but international laws are a little bit like this and there's some examples such as we're looking for the hague convention on the recognition of trust and their applicability it was a multi-party convention that was signed and that's an example of where foreign countries agreed to given countries agreed to recognize the trust laws of foreign countries when the trust would come and operate in their jurisdiction there are some practical reasons for that likewise when we're talking about tax treaties it's all about you know who gets to tax what income and there's inherently going to be conflicts and so the countries have basically agreed to have this in the event that there's a conflict to have this uh set of law override their domestic law and that's really powerful right really really powerful so sometimes when we're doing international tax planning we need to look at tax treaties now a lot of people kind of exaggerate the effects of tax treaties they'll often kind of think some sort of get out of jail card or that they won't necessarily be double taxed or if they're taxed if they pay tax in this country they don't have to pay tax in that country and a bunch of these are mistaken notions also in most cases when we're designing structures we're trying to avoid having to use tax treaties at all however there are some cases where due to the nature of what's going on you must deal with two countries and the most common of these is when we're talking about residency clauses and so this is typically article 4 in a tax treaty and what does this mean well i've done a bunch of videos in the past about how tax residency is a concept which essentially means that somebody's particular jurisdictions tax rules apply all right so you're in a situation where you're tax resident in canada that means the canadian tax rules apply if you're tax resident in argentina it means the argentinian tax rules apply if you're tax resident in georgia that means the georgian tax resident see rules can apply and you can be in a situation where because of uh the way that the rules work in both countries you might be tax resident in both and a double tax agreement as we call it which is one of the two main types of tax treaties that are being a tax information exchange agreement is designed to prevent double taxation right literally that's in the name how does that work well what they say is in the event that you're considered a resident to both jurisdictions we will apply this criteria to determine which one you are and we're going to separate it from one to the other this is for individuals we're starting with here so there's usually four criteria the first criteria is to say that we're going to deem that you are a resident of the country in which you have a permanent home available to you if you have a and so if you have a permanent home in one but not the other then you're tax resident in that country but not the other country very useful right in theory you could cross over the rules in this country and still might not be taxable if under the tax treaty your taxes and this one and you have a permanent home here but not here very interesting number two if you have a home in both countries or in neither country then we're typically going to look and say uh where do you have your what we would call habitual abode uh i might have this wrong in terms of the order this might be two and three anyway not really so important the whole point is what does habitual bode mean habitual boat i think i've done a video on this in the past is where you kind of habitually return to as you're kind of doing your global trotting right the third one is where your center of vital interests are located okay so uh and so this is kind of your where is your center of life you know where do you live where do you have family where do you have your ties what you know that sort of thing and in each of these if they say if it's in one or neither or it cannot be determined we're going on to the next one and so then usually what will happen is you may have a fourth one and sometimes in that fourth one it's you know if we can't figure these out then by mutual consent of the authorities we'll decide but very often it would be uh where you're a national and if you're not a national of either country then or you're national both countries then it will come by mutual agreement of the competent authorities in each country and if the competent authorities can't agree then you will not get the benefits of that this tax treaty that's basically what it says and the same principle can apply usually you would have a clause for companies so you would say okay in the event that a company is resident of both jurisdictions then which one would it be and it will usually go in one of three categories there's not like this complex set of checks one after the other in the case of companies it's usually either the place of management control or the place of registration for the company or where the competent authorities decide we always hate when his comp authorities decide because we have no idea which way that will go right uh unless you're talking about say you know some small country negotiating with the us in which case pretty much always going the way the u.s wants so that's uh that's the deal there and then you can sometimes have it where it applies also to trusts or other types of entities just depending on the treaty so yeah what would happen in that case what would happen is it probably is not going to come up unless i end up say in tax court or something like that but in the event that there was some sort of a dispute because of course my country will assume and i could be a member of both countries so it could be my country could be both countries right is going to assume that i'm tax resident in theirs unless kind of demonstrated otherwise by the treaty so i would have to prove to them that under the treaty terms i didn't meet that standard they might disagree and then we would kind of go down and obviously eventually it could get to this competent authorities determination what that would mean is you would end up in a situation where the tax rules would apply in one place but not the other place and hopefully that would fall on the side that was useful and good for you so i hope it helps if you have any questions put them in the comments below i will look forward to seeing you guys on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @dummylopez6094 [2 likes]: As I was challenging your video regarding digital nomads taxation as the info in my opinion were misleading. I can say that this one is a good one. Now this is my take and I would appreciate comments. If you are in a country like UAE where mostly you have zero taxes and your citizen country has a world wide taxation scope there will be zero interest that UAE tax authority will stand on your Tax Residence, in case of dispute with your own citizen country, because of the lack of interest. Your citizen country will definitely agress you on tax. Therefore unfortunately there is a big risk that you are triggering the last tie break rule and your tax optimization schema is going to be screwed up. You need to be really picky on building up your residence proof in a way that you are going to exclude falling in this trap. To make the story short either you are really living and having solid tight in the country you want to be tax resident or the outcome could be unexpected. Digital nomads citizens of countries with world wide taxation scope hardly can get away on that case.
  2. @georgec2894 [1 likes]: I would stay a tax resident of Norway for the 3 years after the year I leave. This will mean paying wealth tax on all assets worldwide. I would likely start some small businesses in the Philippines around the time I land there, and thus become a tax resident. But does this count as double taxation (one is wealth tax, one is income tax)? Interesting to read about the likely four criteria in this case! Do these get asked sequentially? I.e. you only move to the next one if the first one is hard to answer? Or, is it a simple tallying up of the points for each country? We would almost certainly have a permanent home in the Philippines. My bloodline family live in the UK, I have no family in Norway, and my wife's family live in the Philippines. Does the fact that my wife is Filipino play into this at any point? Thank you

Edit: I have since read that these tax treaties to prevent double taxation do not extend to wealth tax(!) However, 'residents from certain countries may be exempt from Norwegian wealth tax due to specific provisions in bilateral tax treaties'. The list includes the Philippines. However, I am not 'from' the Philippine originally, but I sense the word choice of 'from' could have been lazy...??
  3. @gn2650 [1 likes]: Even if your tax residency don't have tax treaties, will you be fine if you respect all the rules?
  4. @gn2650 [1 likes]: How easy it is to trigger tax obligations accidentally?
  5. @gn2650 [1 likes]: What if the country you spend the most time in is one on which you spend 4 or 5 months, would you have to pay tax there?
  6. @giovannibellavita8152 [1 likes]: FIRE .... brother ,,, you are fire ,,,, thankyou ,,,,,  Caio bello
  7. @patienceisalpha [1 likes]: Yep the tie breake rules matter. Plenty of tax treaties can be bring you back into tax nets without proper physical residence.

The most famous example is the US savings clause.
  8. @FighterFred [1 likes]: I checked the situation as a Swedish retiree moving to Florida permanently with zero connection to Sweden. In that case Sweden takes 25% of the Swedish pension, IRS nothing. And Florida has zero income tax.
  9. @Bojanamir [1 likes]: OUR PROBLEM IS GLOBALISM
  10. @OffshoreCitizen: ☎ Book a call with Michael: https://calendly.com/michael-rosmer 

♥ Freebie: 10 Places to Live in Luxury and Save a Fortune: https://pages.offshoreinnercircle.com/-10ptl-optin
  11. @charliefasurf1000: Get to the f king point dude. Half way through and you’re still on Tokugawa period of Japan
  12. @VeinsDeLAlfaz: After 3 months of studying my exit: you’re the M A S T E R of International tax, I salute you 🫡 

…you focussed me on Art 4 of double tax treaties….seems to be always art 4….. okay so I will have no house at permanent disposition and in the new country I will have that.

Well: local tax law declares all breathing individuals or even aliens to be tax residents…. And the Int’l treaty trumps local law…. So: pls confirm: I don’t have to care about the secondary tie-brakers? (Local Economic interests)???

I assume that’s affirmative and jump out of the plane without further parachutes….. 😃👀
  13. @tsopat9982: Is it compulsory to file the form "Determination of residency status (entering Canada)" in order to declare deemed non resident?
  14. @michellebrunken1340: You are amazing ... wow .... just what I needed for accounting.      Caio
  15. @chrave1956: Suggest you do not just wing it … it rambles , no one wants to know if it was grade 8, or 10 …
write out the points you wish to make . Follow that script.
  16. @TheMtvick: What about a country without a tax treaty? For example Panama if you were a tax resident there but do not have a permanent home in either country

- DTAA Explained in 5 Minutes for NRIs | Double Tax Avoidance Agreement: Kind: captions Language: en double taxation avoidance agreement which is dtaa is a treaty between two countries aimed at preventing double taxation of the same income in both countries thus promoting economic activity this agreement ensures that clients are not tax twice on their income to understand their tax liabilities it is crucial for nris to understand how DT works so let's get started the double taxation avoidance agreement dtaa provides relief through two methods the exemption method and the tax credit method let's understand these methods in detail exemption method this method basically grants exclusive taxation rights to one country while the other country does not tax the income it is usually used when the NRI earns income from dividends interest and royalties tax credit method in this method both countries have the right to tax the income but resident country offers a tax credit for taxes paid in the source country it is usually used for salary and business incomes I will explain how this method work with an example in case of exemption method suppose yush who is a resident of UAE and earns dividend or interest income from his investments in India both countries have a dtwa agreement in place now in case of exemption method India where the the interest income is generated charges tax on this income whereas UA being the resident country of yeses exempts this income from taxation since it's already taxed in India as a result yes doesn't pay taxes on this interest income in UA let us now consider a similar scenario but apply the tax credit method so again Yash who is a resident of USA earns interest income from investments in India now India taxes this interest income at a rate of 10% now when yes files taxes in USA he declares the income earned in India USA allows yes to claim a tax credit for the taxes paid in India so Yash receives a credit equal to the taxes which is 10% paid in India for his tax liability in USA if the tax rate in USA is higher than 10% yush may have to pay the difference if it's lower he won't owe any additional taxes so dtwa works on these two methods however to claim dtwa benefits an NRI must follow these steps the first step is to understand the dtwa agreement between India and your country of residence the agreement will detail how different income types which is salary or interest are taxed in each of the country the agreement also tells us whether the dtwa uses exemption method or a tax credit method second step is to gather the required documents these are the documents that an NRI must have to claim the DTW benefits the document usually are as follows a self declaration or an indemnity form now this is a legal document declaring your eligibility for the DTW benefits a copy of pan card issued by the Indian tax department a copy of Visa which verifies your resident status in the foreign country Pio proof if applicable and copy of a passport to verify your identity and nationality lastly also an NRI will have to submit a foreign residency proof by applying for a TRC this TRC which is tax residency certificate is a crucial document issued by your foreign country tax authorities proving your residency status an NRI can obtain it using form 10 FAA and form 10 FB after verification please note that this document needs to be renewed annually for more information on TRC you can have a look at my previous video now step three is to claim the dtaa benefit by submitting these documents all nris must provide the TRC an indemnity form to the tax withholding entity in India to claim a lower tax deduction at source which is lower TDS if claiming the tax benefit during tax filing they must submit all the documents to the Indian tax authorities along with their tax returns the nris must also note that specific documents and processes might vary depending on the dtaa and individual circumstances so make sure that that you consult a tax adviser or a chartered accountant familiar with the DTW and personalized guidance by understanding the dtwa and Gathering the necessary documents nris can efficiently claim their dtwa benefits and avoid double taxation on their income so that's all for today's episode if you find this information helpful subscribe to our Channel and stay informed see you again in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @yt-learning2537 [1 likes]: Hi sir,
I was employed in uk for 5 months and have paid taxes in uk.
Now I am back to India. I have transferred all my uk salary to India Bank account.

Is my income taxable? How can I avoid tax as much as possible?
  2. @patel_tisha [1 likes]: Sir can you please provide the PPT you use to explain the whole topic that will help me in my project in collage
  3. @harrish09 [1 likes]: Can we submit the TRC and 10F forms while IT filling instead of submitting to each Amc / Demat ac  - will it be able to get rebate of the tax deducted during ITR ? Pls confirm
  4. @xMaster_96 [1 likes]: Hello sir. Really love the information you provide here. I just wanted to ask if someone spends more than 182 days outside India in the UAE for the purpose of going to other country to do forex trading,  will that person be considered a NRI or not? Because forex trading is illegal for indian residents but it's not illegal for non residents. 

The 182 day rule applies to people going out for employment purposes, so going out of India to do forex trading counts in it or not?
  5. @sonaliv1489: Us citizen, bank account of around 10- 15 lakhs in India.
  6. @dhanakshipareek2190: What if I'm citizen of Spain and provided lectures in Spain in workshops and received money in Indian Bank account and in that year I have stayed in India for more than 182 days and I have not paid tax anywhere in the world.....can I be exempt from paying tax in India in anyway?
  7. @CARanjitKumarMishra: Does Foreign Company is required to File ITR in India for Getting DTAA Benefits in UK??
  8. @vaibhavgupta9509: Hi sir,
I watched your all videos regarding DTAA, but i couldn’t find any video if gain from ETF (share,debt etc) are also tax free same like mutual funds or not ? 
Could you please confirm ?
  9. @sureshkumarmukeshkumar9454: Sir, I'm investing in MF from UAE through NRO account. please advise whether I can avail this 0 tax benefits?
  10. @prudentiatech: Please make a video how youtubers who are getting deducted "Withholding tax" which is 15% by youtube can be claimed using form 67 in ITR.No CA in India seemed to how  to get tax credit for this withholding tax in India in their ITR
  11. @anwarhussain-wl7gb: Does a NRI working in Saudi Arabia where income is not taxable have to show or update his tax residency status and obtain TRC from Saudi Arabia? Please note he does not have any income, investments and  savings account in India.
  12. @Ksk874: Is there any video that explains filing tax in India with DTAA for refund, currently working in usa
  13. @wasiagha08: As an NRI, what would advise for an 5-10 years investment. The one with better returns and less expense/ tax. Which investment would be beneficial to NRIs - 
ETF investing or 
Mutual Fund investments 

Pls advise sir
  14. @anjalimalik8906: Superb sir
  15. @cibinraju9819: Simple and straight
  16. @Dhaarravi: Hi, provide your contact details, needs assistance in income tax filing.
  17. @VenkataHari-v2n: Resudent india status (oci), getting rental income in uk, but its totally exempted in uk, hence no tax in uk. In this scenario , will such amount taxable in india as well ? Pls advise
  18. @karthikdhandapani2676: what is your contact details, I 've to file DTAA tax exemption - CANADA and India...Also please let me know if you have any contacts for DTAA tax consultants or CA?..
  19. @brijmohansharma6162: I am NRI since April 2024.I have  NRE account .If  a fixed deposit is done by me in my NRE account,will the interest earned on this FD will be taxable income UK and/or will it have to be declared in UK taxation system .Will it be taxed as per the tax slab in UK Please advice
  20. @rahulnair348: Sir, my company in India is supplying services to a company in Oman. Who is responsible for withholding tax? Does our company need to withhold the tax and pay it to the government?

- Military families call out healthcare company: Kind: captions Language: en COVERAGE. MILITARY FAMILIES, SPEAKING OUT ABOUT SERVICES DENIED. ERIN McLAUGHLIN. >> Reporter: THIS IS THE MOMENT HE FEARED MOST. >> BIGGEST THING WOULD BE TO GET A FEEDING TUBE. >> NOT. >> I KNOW. >> NOT A FAN. >> COUGH. THERE YOU GO. >> Reporter: GUY IS STRUGGLING TO SWALLOW. NEEDS WEEKLY THERAPY TO RECOVER FROM THE RADIATION THAT HELPED HIM DEFEAT STAGE TWO THROAT CANCER. FOR A WHILE HE STOPPED GOING TO CRITICAL APPOINTMENTS. >> WE'VE BEEN ON PAUSE SO LONG. >> Reporter: BECAUSE WHY? >> THE LACK OF INSURANCE COVERAGE. >> Reporter: GUY AND KATHY ARE RETIRED MILITARY RECRUITERS, SERVED FOR TWO DECADES, INCLUDING GUY'S TIME IN AFGHANISTAN. LIKE 42 MILLION MILITARY MEMBERS, THEY HAVE INSURANCE THROUGH TRIWEST ALLIANCE. >> THESE ARE THE LATEST BILLS. >> Reporter: THEY SAY THEY SAVED TENS OF THOUSANDS OF REJECTED CLAIMS BECAUSE OF A SIMPLE MISTAKE. TRIWEST INCORRECTLY SAW THEIR SEPARATE VISION PLAN AS PRIMARY INSURANCE, KNOWN AS OHI, OTHER HEALTH INSURANCE, AND DENYING HIS POSTCANCER TREATMENTS. >> SOMEONE HAS TO CHECK A BOX THAT THIS PERSON DOESN'T HAVE AN OHI. >> Reporter: ON THE ONE HAND, A CHECKED BOX. >> A MOUSE CLICK. OTHER HAND, A QUESTION OF YOUR SURVIVAL. >> YES. >> Reporter: HE SAID THE DENIALS DIDN'T USED TO HAPPEN AND HEALTH CARE THROUGH THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT USED TO WORK GREAT. BUT IT CHANGED BEGINNING OF LAST YEAR WHEN TRIWEST TOOK OVER THE PLAN FOR HIS HOME STATE OF TEXAS AND 25 OTHER WESTERN STATES. >> YOU GO FROM FLAWLESS, BEING TAKEN CARE OF, TO -- >> EVERY -- >> JUST GETTING DUMPED. >> DENIAL DENIAL DENIAL. >> Reporter: THE TRANSITION TO TRIWEST, A NINE-YEAR, $65 BILLION CONTRACT, WAS A PROBLEM FOR MEMBERS FROM THE START. REPORTED ON BY NBC NEWS AND OTHERS. YET MORE THAN A YEAR LATER, PROBLEMS PERSIST. WITH THOUSANDS JOINING SOCIAL MEDIA GROUPS DEDICATED TO AIRING GRIEVANCES WITH TRIWEST. NBC NEWS HAS BEEN IN CONTACT WITH 13 BENEFICIARIES IN ADDITION TO THE SHOEMAKERS, WHO REPORT INABILITY TO GET ANSWERS TO BASIC QUESTIONS TO DENIALS OF POTENTIALLY LIFE-SAVING CARE. GETTING PROBLEMS RESOLVED FOR SOME PROVING IMPOSSIBLE. YOU FAXED. >> Reporter: YOU FAXED AGAIN. >> Reporter: YOU CALLED. POSTED ON SOCIAL MEDIA. >> Reporter: AND ONE THING THAT MADE A DIFFERENCE? >> YOU. >> NBC. FIRST TIME I GOT A PHONE CALL BACK. >> THEY CALLED US, WE'RE GOING TO OPEN A CASE, YOU DEAL DIRECTLY WITH ME NOW. >> Reporter: THEY REPORTED A CALL WHERE A TRIWEST REPRESENTATIVE ACKNOWLEDGED THE MISTAKE. >> I APOLOGIZE WHY IT'S NOT COMMUNICATED TO YOU THAT WAY. >> Reporter: IN A STATEMENT TO NBC NEWS, TRIWEST SAY THEY PROCESS A LOT AND ACKNOWLEDGE THAT HE FACED -- AND ENSURING HE RECEIVES PROPER AFTER WE ASKED TRIWEST ABOUT THE OTHER 13 CASES, IT SAYS IT ASSIGNED DEDICATED CASE MANAGERS TO EACH BENEFICIARY TO ADDRESS AND RESOLVE. MOST TELL US THE INITIAL PROBLEMS HAVE BEEN RESOLVED. >> THANK YOU, "NBC NIGHTLY NEWS." >> AFTER CONTACTING NBC. >> ONCE NBC GOT INVOLVED -- >> BILLS THAT HADN'T BEEN PAID GOT PAID. >> SEVERAL CLAIMS WERE PAID CORRECTLY. >> WE JUST GOT OUR FIRST REIMBURSEMENT CHECK IN THE MAIL. >> WE'RE SO GRATEFUL. >> THE PENTAGON IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THIS ISSUE, THEY'RE IN OVERSIGHT. OUR INVESTIGATION FOUND AFTER TRIWEST WAS AWARDED THE CONTRACT, DHA WAS WARNED REPEATEDLY THEY WERE NOT READY TO TAKE ON THE WORK, JEOPARDIZING COVERAGE FOR MILLIONS OF MILITARY PERSONNEL, ACCORDING TO TWO SOURCES WITH DIRECT KNOWLEDGE. THEY SAY NOT ONLY DID THEY DETERMINE THAT TRIWEST WAS THE BEST FOR THE JOB, SO DID THE COURTS AND THE OFFICE. BUT OUR SOURCES SAY THE AGENCY DIDN'T PROVIDE ENOUGH DHA SAYS IT HAD SOME BEFORE THE TRANSITION BUT ACKNOWLEDGED UNFORESEEN CHALLENGES. >> THAT WAS DENIED. >> OUR RECORD SAYS THE PATIENT HAS OTHER INSURANCE. >> Reporter: IT'S STILL HAPPENING. THEY SAY IT CUT DEEP. DO YOU WONDER WHAT IF? >> ALWAYS. >> YEP. I'M ALWAYS THINKING ABOUT MY FAMILY. WHAT COULD HAPPEN TO MY AMILY. >> I FEEL BETRAYED. >> I UPHELD MY END OF THE OBLIGATION, ALL OF A SUDDEN THAT'S WIPED AWAY. >> AND ERIN IS WITH US LIVE. THIS IS STUNNING. THEY'RE STILL FACING DENIALS? >> THAT'S RIGHT, TOM. WE SPOKE WITH GUY TODAY, AND HIS INITIAL ISSUES HAD BEEN RESOLVED BUT HE'S FACING A NEW DENIAL AGAIN POINTING TO HEALTH INSURANCE HE DOES

  Top Comments:
  1. @BasRidgeOriginal [4 likes]: VA medical care is a joke.
  2. @michaelhamilton7687 [4 likes]: David J. McIntyre Jr., is president and CEO of TriWest Healthcare Alliance is a Republican. Don't expect many improvements in the care of Americans.
  3. @HanzouTooRi [3 likes]: oh let's not forget about HUMANA MILITARY who are just pieces of trash when it comes to families with special needs children!
They were supposed to have a transition plan for my kids when we changed duty stations from HNFS (west region) to HUMANA MILITARY (east region) and they didn't follow up or acknowledge my kids' needs. And when I finally tried to work this issue, their customer service reps were barriers to care, delaying my kids' developmental treatment needs! I hope HUMANA gets burned for their negligence!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
  4. @12x2richter [2 likes]: This is not "a failure of health insurance for military families", this is what they've been doing to everyone, all the time.
  5. @AngelaAnderson-w9r [2 likes]: My daddy, younger brother, younger sister and ex-husband, all Army veterans. When my ex husband, after retirement, had insurance with Army insurance. Horrible!!!!! After, serving your country….. This is what happens!!!!!
  6. @davidmartin7039 [2 likes]: The military knows they need health care yet like almost everything government does. They contract it out to the lowest bidding.... Government is failing it's soldiers and it's civilians...it's disgusting what the military does to those who signed up and gave every minute of everyday for pennies
  7. @michelledeleo6196 [2 likes]: @nbc you need to repeatedly be involved and constantly air their "mistakes"
  8. @Bill-z4y8v [2 likes]: and they can't figure out why many don't want to join the Military. 🙄
  9. @KevinGrace-h7q [1 likes]: Pete Hedgseth and friends messing things up again
  10. @ivangamez9773: And many of you want the government to run healthcare? Look at how social security is doing. Look at the public schools. Remember politicians have their own separate healthcare plan and they send their kids to private schools.
  11. @mikeanderson7201: I have nothing but great service and coverage with triwest.
  12. @Thepeoplethecultureourworld: Hundreds of Home Healthcare agencies are closing because of payment delays.  Your Tailor Made Senior Care is still taking veteran referrals despite the challenges so that vets can continue receiving care.  I hope the system gets fixed soon.
  13. @sandranynj7118: I went to school with Guy from 3rd grade through high school. He is such a nice guy. I hate to see this! Guy to you and your wife I say I love you. ❤
  14. @Diesel-p3j: Don't say the word, " Donald Trump" it might get some one fired.   For real , I'm grateful this veteran was able to get the medical help he needed.  Tri-West has been a thorn to veterans for over a decade. These couple are the silent warriors in disguise. Stuff like this is exactly why I'm in school. Those who served need there full military benefits. Sometimes a little media coverage can't hurt.
  15. @achavez5131: Happening to me right now. TriWest is being so slow processing payments to providers, my wife’s covered prenatal care has stopped. Her in network OB won’t see her because there are no payments.
  16. @leejtxivzoo88: And ya was complaining about HNFS... NBC should do a story how Triwest was able to take over for HNFS
  17. @BiancaCalhoun: Me too. Claims are being rejected for my children by CHAMPVA
  18. @joan4878: Very well done 💯
  19. @angelaeads4802: About time this is getting talked about in the news. Can y’all do another report on this issue from the providers’ side cause we are having the same issues. I work with military children who are enrolled in the ACD program and it is a nightmare. If y’all want, you can reach out to me. I know my clinic’s director would love to talk with you too for an interview.
  20. @nguyentrinh793: thats forgotten people, hoping we find out the truth.

- What is Health Information Management? Explained!: Kind: captions Language: en are you interested in the healthc care field but don't see yourself working directly with Patients health information management may be the field for you what is health information management health information management him is the practice of acquiring analyzing and protecting digital medical information vital to Quality patient care him is not another it field or simply another name for health informatics him professionals is a bridge between clinicians payers regulators and patients what do health information management professionals do him professionals have various roles depending on their job titles medical billers submit claims to insurance companies or government providers from offices hospitals or clinics Insurance claim Specialists review and determine coverage for claims submitted to insurers ensuring accuracy and compliance health information techn hit code patient data for billing and ensure records are complete focusing on Tech for data management health information managers oversee health information teams focusing on managing data while hit specializes in the tech for storing and securing it himm career opportunities health information management professionals can oversee the healthcare information systems and electronic health record operations in hospitals or any medical facility in a hospital system him professionals can be part of the IT team helping to oversee electronic health records when working at an insurance provider they might manage the billing coding and payment system they make sure that diseases conditions and tests are standardized and correctly processed educational paths to him careers when it comes to getting into him there are several paths you can take depending on the job you're planning to apply for medical billing and coding certificate this is the quickest path to get into the field at rasmuson University it can take you as few as 9 months and prepare you for jobs like medical biller or medical coder patient registar and patient Services representative Health Information Technician associates degree this degree can help you pursue certification as a registered Health Information Technician from there you can qualify for jobs like Health Information Technician patient care coordinator or release of Information Specialist health information management bachelor's degree this program can help you prepare for registered health information administrator certification you'll qualify to apply for positions like Health Information Services manager clinical documentation Specialist or compliance officer exploring health information management at rasmason University him programs incorporate the disciplines of Medicine management Finance information technology and law into one curriculum this wide base of knowledge makes him graduates useful for many different needs in healthcare students at rasmason University can start their journey into the fielded him by earning a medical billing and coding certificate from there they gain experience and then seamlessly transfer the credits they've earned into the associate degree programs our offerings are designed to fit the needs of health information professionals at different stages of their careers learn more about health information programs at rasmason University by visiting our website

  Top Comments:
  1. @danbilnyang [13 likes]: Thanks for explanation. I’m glad to pursue this awesome course.
  2. @devinagordon1202: I’m so happy I came across this video because I was thinking about getting my Masters Degree in Health Informatics but what I took from this video is you  have a better chance at getting  hired with  previous certifications or experience.

- Public Health Project Management: Kind: captions Language: en-US Thanks, Lauren. Um, I will kick us off, and then I'll… I'll kick us off, and I'll pass this over to Dennis. So today, we'll be talking about, um, sort of data in action, um, how we translate data into public health practice. Um, next slide, Dennis. So, my name is Hannah Peterson. My pronouns are she and her, and before we get too deep into this, I do want to take a moment to acknowledge the moment that we're living in. Um, there have been recent announcements of large funding cuts to public health, um, and I know that many of us are carrying uncertainty. And I… I think it makes the conversations that Dennis and I are going to have today about, sort of, purpose and responsibility and impact really meaningful. Um, so I thank you, uh, for continuing to show up in this work right now. It takes intention and a whole lot of grit, um, and I'm grateful that you're here today, so… Uh, but before you meet me professionally, I want to take a moment to introduce myself personally. Um, I like to say that I have grandma hobbies, uh, which means that I love to read. I read, uh, 65 books last year. Um, I love to garden, um, you can see in this first photo, uh, I… there was an early freeze one, uh, winter, and so I brought all my potted plants inside. This is just the potted plants, not the in-ground plants. Um, I brought them all into my kitchen. Um, my cat in the middle, that's little Moxie, she had the best time. My husband was less thrilled, um, but my plant survived, so it was worth it. Um, I love to travel, uh, this middle photo is of Eric and I, my husband, um, on our recent trip to Nova Scotia and Prince Edward Island. Um, that is the Covehead Lighthouse, so if you know, you know. Um, and I love to eat! Which means I love to cook, and I love to make, um, and I particularly love when all of my hobbies intersect. Um, and you can see in this last photo, uh, Eric and I are in a gelato stand in Dubrovnik, Croatia, in front of a sign that says, a day without ice cream is a day wasted, and if you take absolutely nothing from it, this talk, uh, Let It Be That. Uh, next slide. So, my personal journey to public health started, um, during my undergrad at Seattle Pacific University. My very first class was Diseases, Plagues, and Pandemics, where I learned when an epidemiologist was for the very first time. Uh, that led me to, uh, get my master's degree at Tulane University School of Public Health and Tropical Medicine, uh, where I concentrated in chronic disease epi and biostatistics. Um, after graduating, um, I ended up at Denver Health's Rocky Mountain Poison and Drug Center, where I managed their pediatric acetaminophen misuse and abuse study. And now I'm at, uh, the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment, where I've been for the last 6 years. Uh, my current role, um, is as a chronic disease epidemiologist. So, that means that I provide epidemiologic support to the diabetes, cardiovascular health, Alzheimer's disease and related dementias program, As well as the state physical activity and nutrition, uh, work that happens as a grant from the CDC. Um, a part of that work is the built environment and the healthy communities projects. Um, I also serve as a epidemiologist for the grant program, um, CCPD, which stands for Cardiovascular Disease, Cancer, and Pulmonary Disease. And I'm also the major architect of our chronic disease and health behaviors dashboard called Vision. If you've ever used that. I'm your girl behind the scenes, so… But at its core, my job breaks down into these four main things. Um, collecting data, managing it, analyzing it, and sharing it back out. And all of these things matter, and we've… and you've spent the last two weeks learning about specific components in many of these categories. But today, I really want to focus on that very beginning of that process, because I don't feel like we talk about it enough. So, today, I'm going to focus on data collection, and I think when most people think of data collection, they think of the technical components of collecting data. They think of surveys, they think of Excel spreadsheets, um, they think of SurveyMonkey and REDCap and all of these technical pieces of gathering data and holding onto it, but data collection is more than just this technical step. Um, it's more than a tool. It's this bridge to understanding, compassion, and progress. And I think when we think of data as a bridge, it reminds us that real people are on the other side of every single one of these numbers. I was chatting with a colleague a while ago about how the best ways to prove the effectiveness of a food as medicine program. And I was really focused on the data, and she was really focused on the people, and she was getting really frustrated with me, and she said, Hannah, people are not their biomarkers. And it was this really beautiful reframe that data serves as this bridge between connections and understanding, Between systems and people, and between what we know and what we do next. So if we treat data as a bridge rather than a tool, then the most important part of my job becomes deciding the best way to build that. bridge. Next slide. And for me, that bridge building starts the same almost every time, uh, with a question. Um, so almost every day, somebody reaches out with some curious… curiosity of, Like, do we have data on this? Or can you pull data for, um… Just this week alone, two of my latest questions are, do counties with high rates of wildfire smoke exposure also have high rates of asthma? Or, one of my favorites, do providing community dinners for men improve connection and reduce social isolation? And can they also reduce heart disease? So before opening a dataset, I have to pause, right? Because if you view data as a bridge rather than a tool, my job isn't just answering their question. Because we're already thinking of the datasets you would use to answer the first question, or the survey you would write. To answer the second. But it's about translating these questions or curiosities into meaningful research questions, and deciding whether data can responsibly connect what someone wants to know with the decisions that they plan to make, or the story that they plan to tell. So the answer for me to every question is usually another question. People who have worked with me will know that I will always want to meet with you and talk about your question. Because I want to understand what you're actually trying to know. And in my experience, the first question that people ask is rarely the question that they actually need the answer to. And if I were to jump straight to the data, treating data as a tool, I'll likely give you something that's technically correct, but probably not useful. So, to get to the real goal, I don't ask epi questions, like, it sounds like you're trying to understand the burden of disease, or… Will you be wanting a trend with that? Because we'll get there in our discussion, but in these early phases, it's important to understand the systems involved the people, uh, affected, and what stake. So instead, I like to ask questions like, what will knowing the answer to your question help you accomplish? Or, if you had the answer in your hands right now, What decision would it help you make? And sometimes you learn that people are looking for data for data's sake. they're kind of lost in the next step, and they just think, if I know this thing, maybe that will be… the catalyst for moving forward. sometimes people have money, and they're looking for guidance on where they can fund specific work. Um, I get a lot of questions specifically from my granting program of how do we know we're putting our money in the place of the highest need? Sometimes people are writing grants, and they need background information to support work in a specific area. One of… two of my favorite questions to use are, what story are you hoping to tell with this data? Or better still, what story do you hope the data tells you? Because in their own words, I want to know what connections they hope to make, and I want to know if they have an idea of where this data is going to take them. Next slide. So, good epidemiology starts with listening. I think of listening as this very first analytic step. I'm not just trying to understand what data they want, I'm also trying to understand why they want it. I think particularly in this time, listening is a form of justice, because data collection is power. the data we share depends on the priorities of our audiences, right? Policymakers and healthcare administrators care about money. But community workers care about people and their experiences. So data collection is the means of determining which problems are visible, which communities are centered, And which solutions feel possible? And that's power, and with it comes responsibility. So asking questions like the ones on the previous slide, they give me insight into how much someone has thought about their need for this data, how they plan to use this information, what connections they hope to make, and how they plan to move this work forward. And all of this context shapes every decision that comes next. I really think of it as this invisible work, right? It happens before you open a spreadsheet. It's that project management, it's the meetings, it's clarifying goals, it's aligning expectations, it's writing and rewriting the story. It's not time wasted, because it helps you set expectations early and prevents rework or misinterpretation of results later on. And this pre-work really helps you ensure that the data actually supports the decisions being made, And that the people represented in the data are treated responsibly. So now that I know, a question, I understand their goal, and we both feel good about the story that we're writing together. All of this work then shifts into the project management and all of the other sort of quote-unquote epi tasks. Like, this is the part… that people think of when they think of epidemiology. They think of gathering the data and braiding it together, and building graphs and dashboards and writing narratives. And all of it matters. But none of it works well unless, um, you've had that time investment to gather the context. So what does the day in the life of an applied epidemiologist look like? It looks like living in this cycle. It looks like listening, deciding, connecting, and executing. And sitting in each one of these buckets multiple times a day, across various projects. Because it's not just about the numbers and the charts. It's listening carefully and deciding responsibly, and connecting data to real people and real decisions. Because when we treat data as a bridge, with listening as that first step, Epidemiology becomes less about what we can measure, And more about how we choose to show up for the communities that our work represent. So with that, I'll pass it to Dennis, who's going to show you what it looks like when all of this comes together. Thank you very much, Hannah. Really appreciate the, uh… foresight to… bring up our most recent news, and that is… Weighing heavy on me as well, so… I'm glad you're able to localize that. So, hello everyone. Dennis Wright. I'm a cancer epidemiologist. And I wanted to follow up with the work that, uh, I just presented by starting to zoom in a little bit on what a project may look like. And I want to start with… not bearing the lead, and just say, to apply to epi work here has been anything but linear. Though I will add that there was a through line that took me until very recently to even grasp. So, I'll briefly share that with you. And, just for me and you, to be fully transparent, some of the images we have were generated by AI, but all the written content was mine. So, gonna go way back, so… I'm sorry for this, but yes, it goes back to when I was a kid. I actually dreamed of and eventually became, a working jazz musician. So that is where I started. That was my first career, and… Unfortunately, due to some… things in life outside my control. I had to leave Berkeley College of Music, and… started working several odd jobs, even more than full-time. Although, I did get a chance to work at a biotech facility, and doing some very non… Scientific work, don't worry, we'll say. But it did balloon into a 15-year career, despite not having either a science background or a degree. And at the time, I did everything from… Quality assurance to working in the lab, running assays, to quality control. regulatory, working with the FDA, and… I left the field as a manufacturing quality engineer at Pfizer, where I oversaw the production of commercial cancer medicines. Now, during that time, I moved from Massachusetts here to Colorado, and I eventually went back to school for my undergrad. This time, I focused on public health. And that followed by a graduate degree in epidemiology here at Ansude, so it's good to see you. I love it here, and students and the rest. Though, um, I started working at CDPHE in 2022, And I really just need to get paid enough for this one. As soon as I can afford it. Um, I would love to go back to school to get my Doctorate in public health and social epidemiology at Johns Hopkins. So the, uh, through-line that I… alluded to earlier, was really about wanting better for those around me. like, when I was a full-time musician, I actually never cared about being famous, or rich, or well-known, and nothing, but nothing of the sort. I just wanted to play music, uh, to, you know, kind of give folks in my community some breathing room, because… I know what it's like, and want to give someone just a chance to take the burdens off for a moment. So they can get through their day just a little bit. easier. And with biotech, I… I told myself that I was going to make sure that any medicines Pharmaceuticals, devices, or biologics that a company's made, that they would be the best possible for everyone who needed them. Though I eventually realized that not everybody would even have access to those medicines, and oftentimes for non-medical reasons. And it was with that, But I said, okay, I need to make a change, and I moved into public health. And the hope there is that I can help bridge that divide between good health, and those that need care the most. So, what I want to see here is that this is what led me to the job that I have now. And I really couldn't be happier about it. It worked out wonderfully for me. And so I'll share with you what I do. I will talk about the programs I support. what the role entails overall, and give an example that pulled on every part of my job. And I'll start by telling you one of the programs I support. It's the Comprehensive Cancer Program, or we just call it COMP, or Comp Cancer. And this is through the Colorado, um, portion that is run, actually, nationally. through the CDC. And as you can tell, it says Cancer Control, so this is not just counting the incidence. This is really more on the prevalent side of things, so worldly state estimates for where screenings happen and the rest. So that's really where the focus of my work is. And through this, in a… Related, albeit separate program, I help with, um, This is a group that centers on access and clinic support for a colonoscopy follow-ups. One of the things we found is that it can be a little tricky to get people in for a colonoscopy. And even more so with a follow-up when it's necessary. So this is the program that's hoping to upend that. And the third, uh, third portion of my cancer work, It goes here to WWC. You'll hear tons of acronyms, hopefully I'll… Explain each one. And this group is focused on connecting hard-to-reach and marginalized patients. And connecting them to, uh, clinical care for breast and cervical cancer screenings. And there are also two non-cancer-related programs I support. One being the excessive alcohol use prevention program. Now, To be clear, I am not an alcohol epidemiologist. But my work with the Behavioral Risk Factor Surveillance System, or BRFSS, as you can see here. This directly ties me to our alcohol epidemiologist, who's responsible for Monitoring alcohol consumption and its health effects across Colorado. And this is by far the largest data request I typically receive, and it's repeated annually. But we also team up on side projects, like, uh… Most recently, we ran a cross-sectional analysis of heavy alcohol consumption. And cancer prevalence. And coincidentally, this timed just ahead of the 2025 Surgeon General's report on the same topic. And this last group, the… Office of Public Health Practice, Planning, and Local Partnerships, or just OPHP. This is the state's direct link between what we're doing at the state level and what's happening in local public health agencies, or LPHAs. And this group also manages a lot of the structural supports for Um, our public health backbone in the state, so we… They manage statewide health improvement plans, state and community health assessments, Uh, public health workforce training, delivering reports, And they work alongside other groups, whether it's the governor's office, those local agencies, or other health-centric organizations. And this is just a quick, uh, bar, can't get away from doing at least one of these, and we are epic, right? So, this is the breakdown of my actual job description. Here are the, uh… responsibilities that I have. And I'm gonna walk through these in chunks, because… that's just too much for anybody to look at. So first, what we have here, similar to what Hannah mentioned, this is the data-heavy part. Now, on any given day, I can jump from coding in SaaS or another program to Helping with analyses, uh, for, uh, with a local health agency. Oftentimes, it means presenting findings to Several audiences, and oftentimes, those audiences are combined. And for anyone who's done that, It can become pretty complicated, because What you tell a room full of statisticians, it really should be different than what you tell a room of non-profit organizations, or… A group of college students, or… A legislative body, or the media. You have to tailor your message. And this way, especially from the data perspective, Whether the audience cares about confidence intervals, or if they want to look at a media highlight really quickly. The message should remain clear, relevant and useful. And I say this, again, as an alum, and respectfully, uh, I really wish that Ah, well, let's put it this way. school didn't fully prepare me. They did not fully prepare me to engage in what we're calling, like, data diplomacy. Right? So, this is… Uh, so think of it like how much I have to manage people and their expectations regarding data. It's very similar to what Hannah was talking about. Um, I often find myself acting as a project manager for my own work, but also within the program's work itself. Now, I've had to learn how to explain what BRFSS can, And cannot tell us, and be able to communicate that. Um, with multiple parties, at different levels of their own data journey. Another common task is trying to explain why two or more datasets might actually have different estimates. I look at… What we have here through vision, or… through another data source, like the American Cancer Society. And, like, well, we have different denominators, and… try and explain that to folks who don't do anything with numbers. It's not fun. I'm sure if someone else has seen that. And so… but the thing is, it's all a part of being there for folks as a data guide. Now, it is worth stating openly that everyone I work with, here and outside, And as far as I know, I've always acted in good faith, and these are wonderfully intelligent folks. So we don't want to discount that. what I'm seeing in addition is that it's my job It just means helping folks navigate a really complex data world. And just like, you know, and… There are always other tasks that can show up in a job, and EPI's no exception. So, these other duties could be attending meetings, or going to a conference. Helping external organizations with data tasks, or… reviewing a product, like a dashboard, or going through a white paper. There are several people here that will take on students for, like, a practicum or a capstone. or even exist… this is what I found fun. I… no one taught me how to review job applications for public health. But that's something I have to do. Now, this is usually for roles that are related to either chronic disease or epidemiology, and so you go in as the subject. matter expert. Um, I'm trying not to say the word expert, just someone who knows the subject. And it's often with a panel of similar reviewers, so… I'm only reviewing things that apply inside my field of understanding. So, you know, don't ask me to look over someone's resume who wants to work in finance, legal, HR. I have nothing. That really would be outside my scope. All right. Whew, we can take a breath. That was quite a bit. But we've made it through that. So what brings me to you today is really just the chance to talk about what I do in my role as an applied epidemiologist. So, just speaking for me, uh, the first thing I would note, that there really is no typical day. Like, every single day is going to bring something new to learn, some interesting challenge, something new to learn. another person or entity to help. And so I figured, to explain how I approach my work. Figured it might be helpful to go through the nuts and bolts of how I approached a recent project, and it was very, very large scale. While acknowledging that every program has their own individual needs, they have their own analyses, uh, and they have their own deliverables. So first, I want to talk about the why behind my work. In short, when it comes down to, uh, practicing data equity, Um, that's going to happen in support of health equity. Now, the example I'm going to walk you through the rest of the way Um, it's by no means how it goes every single day, nor for every project. But, I figured this was a good example to use. Hold on, every one of those bars you saw earlier. And it involved all five of the programs I work with. So, for almost a year and a half, I've been helping to revise The statewide cancer plan, which lasts from 2026, through 2030. And this is supporting an outside group called the Colorado Cancer Coalition. And they partner with CDPHE to get this work finished. Now, in this group, I had three main tasks. One was to create the data activities, Upon which the cancer plan itself would be based. I also helped revise other parts of the cancer plan with the core revision team. And the last piece was, I was given the responsibility of revising the cancer health equity section. However, after looking at it, and… It wasn't wrong, and we'll start there, but this is where form and function also play a role, and especially having a bit of a discerning eye for data. it would say things like, this group has a terrible outcome compared to that group, and that really sat with me wrong, because now we're centering a group Instead of where we should all be as a state. So rather than just updating the previous figures and keeping all the text, I decided to overhaul it, so I just completely dismantled it and built it up from scratch. And with that, meant creating a cancer health equity framework. Now, the framework, um, with the health equity sector itself, they're both designed to keep All of us in the kids world accountable, and on track within Colorado. And this is using both the data the stories. That's something else that Hannah alluded to wonderfully, so thank you for that. It also communicates to the public our reasons why this work is necessary. While at the same time acknowledging the existence of systemic, structural, And institutional inputs. that have an impact on cancer care. Okay, so now, speaking of the data, now we can go to the how. Um, started by putting together a data workgroup of wonderfully intelligent people. So grateful for them. And I asked for their help. One thing I've learned years ago was You don't have to be the smartest person in the room. you have to have the smartest people in the room. And so I knew I didn't know everything. I knew my world, but this plan was much larger than just what I knew. And in turn, they shaped and delivered the cancer plans, baseline statistics for an evidence-based approach. they identified both the strengths and limitations of over 30 data sources in repositories. for the cancer plan. Now, this not only involves searching for the numbers themselves, Of course it did, but it meant that we had to know the backstories. We had to go behind the numbers. Talked about how to interpret them. determine the levels of precision we were going to monitor. And even create custom outputs for data that we had in-house. And, equally important, the team combed through every drafted goal and objective. Just to decide how we were going to measure it over the next 5 years, or if we could even measure it at all. And given all of their areas of expertise, I was… it was easy for me to trust them. I trusted their expertise in data sourcing, analysis, program and project evaluation Data interpretation, and Also important data visualization, because what you… depict can tell people way more than you think it does, so it's very important to get that one correct. And the best part is that most of this team doesn't work in cancer epidemiology like me, or even in cancer at all. But their skills were transferable, such that the baseline statistics were wonderfully solid, The data are as accurate and precise as it possibly could be, Traceable over time, and repeatable, so someone else could pick up our notes, see what we did, and replicate it. And we'll continue to monitor the cancer plan when it reaches its key milestones, but with the heavy lifting done on the front end, making sure we took the time to get it right. Now, all we have to do is monitor their basic surveillance, and… report any updates roughly every one to two years. Now, one other thing I was really fortunate to have was access to that OPHP team. Remember, that's the one that links local to the state. See, they helped us reach an even larger audience than we would have on our own, because one of the things that we had to do for this cancer plan, is we have to open up a public comment period. And so we say, let's just email everybody we know, send this out to… And it ends up… you end up speaking to the choir. What's it, preaching to the choir, because we're all cancer folks. But OPHB helped us reach, um, Local health agencies going through their executive directors and their staff who directly work with the public. So, everybody was able to jump in. And what that meant, though, was… We identified another task, And this was to support a special data feedback session. So, I basically had office hours. people who have gone through the goals and objectives, come over online and waited, and… gave us their thoughts, what made sense? What didn't work? What… Seems strange, it worked out perfectly, or aligned or missing aligned. The public had the opportunity to weigh in on the data, which I was absolutely there for. So again, this is where I'm going to remind you that Not, uh, that everyone in this project really Let me… let me… let me think of how I want to say this. Okay. Yeah, this was not a standard data request. This really wasn't. This was a wonderful Huge project that took a long time. I think we started in, like, November 2024 or so. But, this example, for me at least, it stretched the understanding of the role that I have within apply that fee. It gave me new opportunities to grow. I got to learn from everybody and provide whatever information I could. And help build confidence. All within one project. Now, with that, I am happy to report that the cancer plan itself will officially launch, um… when is this, uh… February 23rd. So, uh, Monday after next. Now, this plan is and has been used by state and local government, um, Local health agencies, academic researchers, clinics, hospitals, Nonprofit organizations, grassroots foundations, A lot of people will access this, and the general public, if they so desire. Um, and based on the engagement, I think they really do, which is… Wonderful. And we were also fortunate enough to have the ear of our Lieutenant Governor, Diana Primera. And she is not only a cancer survivor herself, if you weren't aware, But she also, um, she was able to contribute a wonderful forward. to the plan, so just, again, building up the rigidity, And making another connection outside of just a clinical space. or behind the numbers where I… where I am. So I'm going to say something, it's bland, it's cheesy, call it what you will, but… There are a few times when it truly does apply. And this is one of them, I believe, that there really is no public health without the public. And I love that this type of project could hopefully help Coloradans feel a little bit less alone, especially in the phase of a cancer diagnosis. give the patient and their friends, family, and caregivers More agency over their care. And they'll know that the state is with them whenever they need us. Um, applied empolks, as we've mentioned a few times, we don't just count people. We engage, um, we listen to, and we design our work, really, to assist Resourced-deprived populations. And that's really why I do this work. And I'll be there at the official launch event, which takes place at a local oncology center, so I will actually Physically be where people are getting whatever care. that I was hopefully able to help, uh, steer folks towards. And I can't wait. That is really the best part, because of all the things I love about Epi, Seeing the positive impact of our work in the population we care for, it absolutely has to be At the very top. And with that, I think… That covers most of what we had. Um, we would love to entertain any questions, comments, concerns of any virtual tomatoes you want to throw, feel free. We'll deal with it. Wouldn't be the first time. And thank you very much for your time and attention. Look forward to good conversation. And Lauren, I'll sit with you. Thank you so much, Hannah and Dennis. That was very interesting and enlightening, since I'm more in. An academic research space, but have a background in public health. So, we would love to open up to participants. If you have questions, if you're interested in learning more about their roles at CDPHE. Please feel free to unmute yourself, and we can have an open discussion about that. Or place anything in the chat that you might want. Uh, to bring up, and I can answer or ask the questions on your behalf. I can kick it off. Um, Dennis had mentioned that something he had wished. He knew more of in his formal schooling was the. translation of information and, like, actually talking about things, not. To a variety of audiences. That's at least what I understood from your portion. Um, Hannah, I'm wondering if there was something else that you were maybe… you felt you weren't as prepared for when you came into your role. Specifically at CDPHE, though I know you have a lot of experience previously before that. You know, that's a great question, and Dennis and I were chatting about this, um, as we were coordinating, um, our content, but, you know, there's a lot We spend so much of our… schooling, learning how to pull the right data, how to analyze it the right way, and how to visualize it appropriately. And the… and we're really good at it. Like, we're really, really good at it. But I think something that we've… um… definitely schooling doesn't focus on, but something that we've learned, sort of in light of all of the public health experiences that we've all had in the last 10 years, COVID, whatever's happening now, the ability to connect those epi skills to the problem, to the people who will use this data, to the communities that that data represent. Those are things that we don't get trained on, um… And, ultimately, right, those are the things that matter. Um, like, dentists can pump out cancer incidence graphs, for days. And I can do the same for heart attack rates by age, or gender, or… county, but they have no meaning unless we know… and can sit with, and can communicate, um… the… like, the richness of the data, but also understand, like, the community's need for it. Um… So I… I… I think the… and I can't think of a better… the communication skills. I want to say soft skills, but… I don't like that terminology, but I think colloquially, that's what we think of them as, so… I would say the communication… I would have loved a public health communication class. That's what I would have loved. In my schooling, for sure. Thank you. We do have a question in the chat, and this participant was wondering if you could please speak more about the types of hard skills that you need to have in your role or roles. So maybe touch on, like, um, your work at the Rocky Mountain Public Health Center as well, maybe what translated, what didn't. And we'd love to hear from both of you. Dennis? Sure. I'll go for it. All right. Very interestingly, I will… make this as a statement to you, and also as an aside. One thing I loved about my time at CSPH was the preparedness for being able to code. Um, they were very particular courses, dedicated to that, and I was able to learn a lot about it, how to make things work, how to make them repeatable. how to get exactly what I wanted out of any sort of, uh, data set we have. And I very much enjoyed that. But then I found out that when I got it to… the field, I only use maybe one or two of them most frequently. Like, I… I will pump out a… I was taught, it was called a 2x2 table, then we said it was a contingency table, then we just called cost tabulation. those. For the most part. a lot of that's what you would find, um, So, but being able to identify them and interpret them. I think the interpretation was probably the biggest part of it. Uh, there was a… there's a side project that I have where I'm lurking… looking to, uh, Find a way to effectively quantify, uh, power and privilege, and how it impacts chronic disease. And it's a… I have to wait for it, but it's a long story, I'll tell you another time. And one of the things is it used an analysis that we hadn't used here at the State Department, but it also wasn't really taught at school either, so… Having the ability to take on something you haven't learned, Um, previously, and just have the ability to build on that to make it into what you need, I found really important. So for me, that would be more of a hard skill, is you're apt… I guess it's… maybe it is that soft skill. But it's more of the aptitude, the ability to figure things out. Um, but we're all problem solvers, we're analysts, this is statisticians, this is what we do. where we build our, uh, databases from, right? We can… in my mind, I'm looking at a number, and I'm picturing all the inputs that went into it. It's almost like looking through the matrix, if you want to go… to a very dated reference. But… so that is one. It would be coding. analysis, data visualization, is one key component. And that's not talking about the, uh… what's the word I'm looking for? The data accessibility piece of it. That's something new we're working through. Because it can be accurate and precise, but if your public can't take it in, then it doesn't do you any good. Similar to what Hannah was mentioning. You have to make sure that it's relevant, useful, and understandable by the persons you're presenting it to. Let's see… being able to work in multiple programming languages. I find that to be wonderfully useful. I wish I had done more R when I was in grad school. It's a simple… I won't say simple. It's a wonderful program that is easy to access, because it's So, you can do a lot with it. But it's only just starting to become more popular within public health field outside of academia. Though it is growing as a skill, um… I found I didn't really use SPSS. Um, that's… it's… it was fine for a while, but really not where we needed to be. Um, when you're in the field. Those are the biggest ones I… And the last one, I don't know if it'll show up, but… I keep my calculator on hand all the time. I don't know why, it was something that was drilled into me by… One of my professors at school, she says, You're out somewhere, you get dropped into a forest somewhere, And you find yourself in the middle of a disease, you need to start being able to calculate things right away, so… It just got baked in. It's a weird thing, but it works for me. Uh, let's see… I'm gonna pass it off. I love that. Um, I also carry a calculator with me everywhere. Yeah, I was gonna pass it to Hannah. Sad. Um, yes, and I would love to hear from you, Hannah. Please, yes. Do you… one quick follow-up question before we go to Hannah. Do you predominantly use SaaS and R in your work, or what technologies and software are you using at the state health department? Primarily, it is SaaS. CDC also uses SaaS primarily. Um, there are projects that come up using R, and There are a couple other languages that might be useful, um, but… like, you don't really see Power BI, that's more of a business tool. But there are other tools available, so I'd say SaaS. That'd be probably number one. So, I'm different. R is my primary coding language. Um… I have a lot of strong feelings about it. We don't have to unpack them today. Uh, ours free, um, and assistance with coding is so much easier on the internet. than it is with SAS. So, I'm a big R fan. Um, and one thing, one hard skill I'd add to Dennis' list, um, other than being able to know what analysis to run on which dataset, to answer which question, I would say data management. Like, do you know how to hold Bring in big data, do you know how to read it? into your program? Do you know how to filter down to what you're looking for? Do you know how to… um, get out of it what you need, and… and when I say big data, I mean, like, millions of rows. Like, claims data, hospitalization data, um… Yeah, knowing how to use a data… What are those? Like, the… a data dictionary. If I was like, that word is just… shot right out of my mind, um… you know, and how do you navigate when the data dictionary doesn't align with what the data actually says, or the variable names are wrong, so I would say data management, data wrangling, um, is the next… Would be another hard skill. Um… And then one other product that we use a lot at the State Health Department is Tableau. Um, it's one of our primary visualization softwares. Um, again, I'm unusual in the fact that I prefer our shiny visualization, um, over Tableau. Um… Because it's free, but uh… acknowledging that Tableau is license-driven, and so it can be hard to practice. Um, outside of a job. But I will say that any health department knows that you probably don't have Tableau experience, um, so that's not an expectation upon… So if you're applying for jobs, um… you don't… you're… having a Tableau background is not a requirement. Great, thank you. It's really helpful to hear what you guys are using. I was a formal SaaS user. And then in the last few years, switched over to R, so I bridged the two worlds. But I will say that's a perfect plug for attendees. We had multiple SaaS and our sessions. This week, last week, and in previous years, so we have a whole library of getting started, how do you even download R in RStudio, or SAS Studio, or get a license for the desktop version of SAS. How do you get started? Basic data management approaches in both of those languages. So please feel free to go to our YouTube. I have put in the chat a little bit ago. The link where our session recordings will be uploaded. Um, and all of those recordings are there in the past, so you can get started if you are not yet. Um, familiar with these per… particular hard skills that we just discussed. Are there any other questions or comments? I'm not seeing any in the chat. So, thank you all for joining today. I also put a link in the chat for our survey. If you could please fill that out, that would be really helpful for us. Give us some suggestions for what you would like to learn next year. Maybe it sounds like some scientific communication could be a topic area of interest, since that seems to be a need in the formal academic setting. So thank you both, Dennis and Hannah, for joining us today. We really appreciate you participating this year. Thanks for having us. Thank you for your time. Thank you.

- How to Read Your Insurance Card and Summary of Benefits - Health Insurance: Kind: captions Language: en Hey team, I am Ellie E. Um, before we start, heads up. Erica is taking her rescue dog to the vet for surgery. So, she has asked me to run the show today. Every insured American has a plastic card in their wallet and received a document called the summary of benefits and coverage when they enrolled. Most people have never read either one. Today, we are fixing that because those two items answer 90% of the questions people call their insurer about. Last episode, we decoded the metal tier system, bronze through platinum. Today we go one layer deeper into the actual documents that tell you what your specific plan covers and what it costs. The summary of benefits and coverage or SBC is a standardized 8-page document. The Affordable Care Act requires every plan to provide in plain language. >> I NOVA the cost of not reading these documents is real. People show up to a specialist without a referral because they thought their plan was a PO when it is actually an HMO. They get balance build because they did not verify the hospital was in network. From a provider side, the insurance card is the first thing a front desk checks. The card tells them your insurer, your plan type, your member ID, your group member, your co-ay amounts, and the prior authorization phone number. If any of that information is wrong or outdated, claims get denied before a doctor ever sees you. >> The SBC standardized format is actually a process win for consumers. Because every plan must use the same structure, you can compare a plan from one insurer to a plan from a completely different insurer by going to the same page in both documents. The method is consistent by law and that consistency is exactly what makes plan shopping less overwhelming. >> Before we open the topic, a fast round so you know everyone. >> Nova here. The numbers usually tell you where to look first. >> Marcus here. I will help you set a pace you can sustain to the end of the video. >> Isabella here. A good narrative outlives the slides. >> Shen here. method is a teachable skill or I will teach it. >> That is the lineup. Opening the book. Let me walk through every field on a standard insurance card. The member ID is the most important number. Every claim, every prior authorization request, every pharmacy transaction uses this number to connect the service to your specific policy. Lose the card? Screenshot the member ID first. The plan type field is often abbreviated HMO, PO, EPO, or POSOS. That two to threeletter code tells every provider whether you need a referral, whether out of network care is covered, and whether a primary care physician gatekeeper is involved. It is arguably the most consequential field on the card because it determines your access rules. >> Many cards print your co-pay amounts right on the front. primary care visit, specialist visit, and emergency room. These numbers tell you what you owe at the point of service before any deductible math applies, assuming your plan uses co-pays for those services. If the numbers on the card conflict with your SBC, the SBC governs the pharmacy section is easy to miss. It typically lists a pharmacy benefits phone number plus three codes, B I N, PCN, and RX group. These codes are what the pharmacist enters to process your prescription claim. If the pharmacist says your insurance is not on file, reading these numbers aloud from the back of your card solves it in about 30 seconds. The claims address and prior authorization phone number on the back of the card are the two numbers you call before a major procedure. Prior authorization is the insurer's pre-approval process. Skipping it means the claim could be denied entirely, not just at a higher cost sharing rate. Isabella, note that the prior O number is different from the member services number on the front of the card. Where do you actually find the SBC? If you enrolled through your employer, it should be in the benefits portal your HR team sent you to during open enrollment. If you enrolled through the marketplace, it is available on your insurers's website under your plan details. You can also call and request a paper copy. They are legally required to mail it within seven business days. SH and SASBC is your snapshot. It lists all the major covered services and shows your cost sharing for each one, deductible, co-ay, or co insurance, and whether the service counts toward your out-ofpocket maximum. The format is a table and every insurer must use that exact table. So comparing two SBC's from different companies means reading the same rows in both documents. The excluded services section is the one most people skip and it is the one that creates the worst surprises. Common exclusions include adult dental and vision, long-term care, cosmetic procedures, weight loss surgery, and some plans, experimental treatments, and acupuncture, depending on the insurer. Reading this section before you need a service is infinitely better than reading it after a denial. The coverage examples are a clever tool. Every SBC must include two standardized scenarios, having a baby and managing type 2 diabetes. These scenarios show exactly how much the plan would pay and how much the patient would owe for a fictional year of care. They are illustrations, not promises, but they make cost sharing math concrete in a way a percentage column cannot. Every SBC comes with an attached glossery of health coverage terms. This glossery has standardized definitions for premium, deductible, co-ayment, co insurance, out-ofpocket maximum, allowed amount, and about 30 other terms. If you encounter a word you do not recognize, that glossery is your first stop. Stick around because the last two concepts are where most people actually lose money. When you are comparing two plans using their SBC's, where do you look first? The deductible and the out-ofpocket maximum. These two numbers define your financial exposure for the year. Your deductible is the threshold before the plan starts sharing costs and your out-ofpocket maximum is your absolute worst case. Burst. Second, check the network type on each card and in the SBCC. This is the access question. An HMO with a fantastic deductible is useless if your primary care physician is not in that network. An EPO might save you money on premium but leave you uncovered for any care outside the network. Third, if you take regular prescriptions, look up your medication in the plan's formulary. Every plan publishes a formulary, which is a tiered list of covered drugs with different cost sharing at each tier. A medication that costs you $20 per month under your current plan could cost 200 under a new plan if it lands in a different tier. Chen, this is the one most people forget to check during open enrollment. Fourth, look at the out of network rules. Many plans, including PPOs, have a separate and much higher out-ofpocket maximum for out of network care. Some plans do not count out of network spending toward the in network maximum at all. If you travel frequently or have specialists in different cities, those outof network rules can represent thousands of dollars in unexpected exposure. The comparison method itself matters. Pull both SBC's and read the same labeled rows in sequence. First the cost sharing table, then the excluded services, then the out of network rules, then the coverage examples. Because the format is standardized, this sidebyside reading gives you an applesto apples comparison that premium sticker prices never will. The third document worth your attention is the provider directory. Every insurer publishes a searchable list of the doctors, hospitals, labs, and imaging centers that are in network for your specific plan. This directory is available on your insurer's website. Before you book any appointment, check that directory first. Here is the thing about provider directories that nobody warns you about. They go out of date. A physician can leave a network on January 1st and the directory might not reflect that change for weeks or sometimes months. Imagine a patient who checks the directory in October, sees her specialist listed as in network, enrolls in the plan, and then shows up to an appointment in February to find that the specialist left the network in December. Nova, the fix is to call the provider directly. Do not rely solely on the directory. Call the provers's billing office and ask two questions. Are you accepting new patients under my plan name? and are you currently in network for that plan? A good billing office will confirm both in about 60 seconds and save you potentially thousands of dollars in out of network charges. The financial risk of skipping the step is real. On most plans, out of network care means you pay a much higher co insurance, often 40 to 50% of the allowed amount, and the provider can charge above the allowed amount, leaving you with a balance bill. Your insurance card will not warn you that the doctor just left the network. That is your job to verify. >> The three-part verification process is the method. Confirm your card is current and correct. Read the SBC before using a service and verify the provider is in network by phone before any appointment. Three steps. Each one takes under 5 minutes. Together, they eliminate the most common and most expensive coverage surprises. If you forget everything else in this episode, remember your insurance card and your SBC together answer 90% of the questions people call their insurer about. Read both before you need either one. >> Drop in the comments, had you ever actually read your SBC before today? And what did you find in it that surprised you? >> Okay, it is quiz time. Let's find out what stuck. Think through each question carefully before you answer. >> If you are studying from us, the best study buddy you can be is a liker and a subscriber. >> Which section of the Affordable Care Act of 2010 required insurers to provide a standardized summary of benefits and coverage to enrolles? The correct answer is A. Section 2715 of the Public Health Service Act incorporated through the Affordable Care Act of 2010, which mandated a uniform plain language format up to eight pages. Why is the plan type field on your insurance card so important to verify when you start using healthcare. The correct answer is B. It tells you and your providers whether you need a referral to see specialists, whether out of network care is covered at all, and which rules govern your access to care throughout the year. What is the most reliable way to confirm that a specific doctor is currently in network for your health plan? The correct answer is D. Call the provider's billing office directly and ask if they are currently in network for your specific plan because online provider directories often go out of date when physicians change network contract. Here is your takeaway. two documents, your insurance ID card and your summary of benefits and coverage. Together answer nearly every question people have about what their plan covers and what it costs. Read them before you need them. This 3 years from now, you will thank yourself for spending 20 minutes with your SBC during open enrollment. The people who do that are the people who never get surprised by a medical bill. Next episode, the one plan type that restricts you to a tight network and requires a gatekeeper for every specialist visit. And why for many people that restriction actually saves more money than any other option. Subscribe so you do not miss it. The process only works if you stay with it. >> I do not know yet is a complete sentence. Use it. Use it. >> Erica texted. She says the whiteboard work today holds up against any CERT prep channel. She has compared us to >> ride process of predict process or mean

- Managing occupational health and safety: Kind: captions Language: en working on a construction site isn't for everyone there are many risks and hazards the work environment the equipment the materials the tasks and workers the schedules the hours even company management are all potential sources of danger it's simply the nature of the business as the principal contractor or employer it's your responsibility to ensure the prevention of work accidents and occupational diseases on the job site and not just because it's the law but also because these accidents can have a significant impact on your productivity as well as on your workers and their families [Music] managing occupational health and safety means implementing a prevention program an action plan adapted to your reality as a member of the apiciesque you have access to a number of existing prevention programs in every type of construction trade each program has its own set of action sheets each sheet identifies a risk that could be present on your job site and for each risk there are details of what preventive measures and control methods you can put in place to protect your workers a prevention program is a great starting point but managing occupational health and safety is a never-ending process of continuous improvement you must continually identify correct and control all hazards in the workplace if you hold off on identifying the hazards until it's time to start the job you can count on unwelcome surprises that will prevent the job from getting underway what you need to do is identify the hazards during the planning stage when identifying a hazard the most important thing to do is analyze each aspect of the work to be done the equipment and materials to be used the tasks to be performed and yes even your workers two good tips for identifying hazards one consult your register of accidents incidents and first aid and two listen to what your workers have to say once you've identified the workplace hazards it's time to take action and correct the situation start with the hazards that can have serious and immediate consequences on your workers such as those considered zero tolerance then correct the most frequent hazards and finally all other hazards you can correct the situation by putting in place corrective measures that eliminate hazards at the source minimize the likelihood of accidents or lessen the severity of potential injuries there are many solutions to choose from you can substitute materials or equipment implement engineering controls increase awareness introduce administrative controls or provide personal protective equipment it's often necessary to combine several solutions in order to ensure effective results for each one that you select it's important to first establish a time frame and designate a person in charge before implementing the corrective measures once the hazards have been corrected it's time to put the controls in place this step helps ensure that the chosen solutions are both effective and sustainable because even if the chosen solution is the best one it might not be properly understood or enforced by your workers so it's important that you properly inform and train your workers and establish a monitoring system to ensure that the new controls are enforced the prevention programs provided by the apc hq are indispensable when it comes to planning a safe and secure job site but remember every job site is unique and workplace hazards can change and evolve as construction progresses that's why it's important to follow the identify correct control process to ensure proper management of occupational health and safety this will help reduce work accidents and occupational diseases and increase productivity and that will ensure you avoid poor management that can lead to work stoppages notices of correction or even statements of offense from the cna assisted prevention is a team effort and everyone's responsibility it never ends and remember obviously sq advisors are always here to help

  Top Comments:
  1. @Liwinymecânico [14 likes]: Someone else is here because of feald ready?
  2. @kamaujoseph-y4n [4 likes]: Thanks. Learning this as a unit in my course
  3. @tarekalzogbi5820 [1 likes]: Good
  4. @MANOJKUMAR-fy5iz [1 likes]: I completed the course Managing Safely from IOSH validated by British Instute of Safety.
  5. @Iphonmm [1 likes]: It's hard to interpret simultaneously into Thai (my native language).
  6. @TambweRash: Thank you I need more 🙏
  7. @PranayRao-f2u: I tried Globro for Germany prep, but I still rely on official sources.
  8. @Shielded_Life: Nice video,, high-risk are priority.
  9. @osmanbayrak7070: great
  10. @Tig-n2j: Occupational health and safety in amharic full video lakilign?
  11. @VascoChinyemba: Useful information
  12. @AiltonMudopiMatimbe: 👍good
  13. @IsaacRevivalMulenga-x6o: Amazing
  14. @naythureinoo5278: Thank you
  15. @SilasFoote-r1d: Candace Skyway
  16. @gerardinachica: Working on a construction site isn't for everyone. There are many risks and hazards: the work environment, the equipment, the materials, the tasks, the workers, the schedules, the hours, and even company management are all potential sources of danger. It's simply the nature of the business. As the principal contractor or employer, it's your responsibility to ensure the prevention of work accidents and occupational diseases on the job site. This is not just because it's the law, but also because these accidents can have a significant impact on your productivity as well as on your workers and their families.
Managing occupational health and safety means implementing a prevention program - an action plan adapted to your reality. As a member of the [insert organization name here], you have access to a number of existing prevention programs in every type of construction trade. Each program has its own set of action sheets. Each sheet identifies a risk that could be present on your job site, and for each risk, there are details of what preventive measures and control methods you can put in place to protect your workers.
A prevention program is a great starting point, but managing occupational health and safety is a never-ending process of continuous improvement. You must continually identify, correct, and control all hazards in the workplace.
If you hold off on identifying the hazards until it's time to start the job, you can count on unwelcome surprises that will prevent the job from getting underway. What you need to do is identify the hazards during the planning stage.
When identifying a hazard, the most important thing to do is analyze each aspect of the work to be done: the equipment and materials to be used, the tasks to be performed, the work environment, and yes, even your workers. Two good tips for identifying hazards: one, consult your register of accidents, incidents, and first aid; and two, listen to what your workers have to say.
Once you've identified the workplace hazards, it's time to take action and correct the situation. Start with the hazards that can have serious and immediate consequences on your workers, such as those considered zero tolerance. Then correct the most frequent hazards, and finally, all other hazards.
You can correct the situation by putting in place corrective measures that eliminate hazards at the source, minimize the likelihood of accidents, or lessen the severity of potential injuries. There are many solutions to choose from: you can substitute materials or equipment, implement engineering controls, increase awareness, introduce administrative controls, or provide personal protective equipment. It's often necessary to combine several solutions in order to ensure effective results.
For each solution that you select, it's important to first establish a timeframe and designate a person in charge before implementing the corrective measures.
Once the hazards have been corrected, it's time to put the controls in place. This step helps ensure that the chosen solutions are both effective and sustainable. Because even if the chosen solution is the best one, it might not be properly understood or enforced by your workers. So it's important that you properly inform and train your workers and establish a monitoring system to ensure that the new controls are enforced.
The prevention programs provided by [insert organization name here] are indispensable when it comes to planning a safe and secure job site. But remember, every job site is unique, and workplace hazards can change and evolve as construction progresses. That's why it's important to follow the identify, correct, and control process to ensure proper management of occupational health and safety. This will help reduce work accidents and occupational diseases, and increase productivity. And that will ensure you avoid poor management that can lead to work stoppages, notices of correction, or even statements of offense from the CAN assisted. Prevention is a team effort and everyone's responsibility. It never ends. And remember,  advisors are always here to help
  17. @wildlifesrilanka8448: thanks ❤❤
  18. @anelizapo4488: how many points
  19. @maudtholakele8079: ❤🎉 Thank you for sharing
  20. @Priyatech1985: Good  content       https://youtu.be/QaLaa0K0xPY

- “This Place Feels Like Home” | A Resident’s Story from Antara Care Homes, Chennai.: Kind: captions Language: en I have had diabetes and uh low blood pressure for years. Due to my advanced age, I have several physical ailments. Nobody can assist me in my home cuz my childrens are all very far away living with their families. After my wife passed away, managing medicines, meals, doctor visits on my own getting tougher and more tougher. At Antara Care Home, everything is taken care of. My regular checkups, diets, even light exercises. It's not just about care. It's just balance. Here I comfortably safely still on my own terms. That's why I make it feel like home. Thanks Santara and its staffs for their unlimited dedicated service and taking care of my each and every second of my recruitment. Thank you.

- The Light in the Last House | A Cozy Village Story That Feels Like Home: Kind: captions Language: en At the far end of the village there is a small house. Every night one window. The kitchen is warm even on cooler nights. She cooks simple food just enough for one.

- New State Residency and Income Tax - Episode 103  (2022)  #incometax #leavingcalifornia #moving: Kind: captions Language: en hey thanks for coming into the real estate minute show uh you thinking about relocating to another state from california specifically uh there's a lot to know besides just movers and turning the utilities on in the new house in the new state two things i want to talk to you about in the show right now today and that is establishing residency in the new state that you're leaving california for and two income tax problems in relocating from california to where you're going to go and this is if you're selling your house or contemplating selling your house and we'll get to that in one sec thanks for coming in today [Music] welcome to the show thank you for a few minutes of your time today so we're just gonna hit those two issues like i said in the intro and that is establishing residency and income tax issues in relocating from california to another state in the nation okay a lot of people are migrating out of california some of the politicians say that's not happening it absolutely is california lost a seat it went from 55 to 54 okay in congress for a reason because they lost people okay that happens during the census no harm against california it's just the facts and if you're one of those people michelle and i personally bought a house uh outside north carolina a little while ago just because my girls are going to be out there and i have to be close to my girls at some point so we're going to be with a team here in la and then we have a team over there that we're building uh real estate uh and uh that's that that's our plan but in doing that i did a lot of research and i don't know all the facts here they have lawyers that handle this kind of stuff it's not necessarily my area this is just a guy who's a real estate broker here sharing some information with you because you might be dealing with the same thing and i don't want you to miss something because this can get real expensive so you're moving you decide to move you put your house on the market hopefully with me and you uh find a new house and a broker in the new state let's say north carolina where i'm going and you're all excited the first thing you call is the movers what utilities uh changing those over and things like that right the very common type stuff in moving well don't forget and that's what this show's about it's only two things i want to talk about how do you establish residency in that new state okay because you get all the perks and benefits of that state if you're resident plus how does that affect your profit your not property taxes your income taxes cut and how does that affect your income taxes in california and the new state okay well it's in north carolina for instance and a lot of states are like this some state may be different so check online for yours but generally i find a lot of states because we've moved a lot of clients out tennessee texas connecticut idaho minnesota people are moving everywhere i mean it's just all over the place but a lot of states are seem to be facts and circumstances to establish residency there's no real form you fill out say i'm a resident now sign here and you send it in resident no they look at big issues small issues and tiny issues to determine if you are making this your permanent residence and showing signs of doing so called facts and circumstances okay buying or renting a home there is a huge chunk of this if you're doing that excellent then you get into kind of the mediocre stuff like changing utility bills over into your name changing mailing addresses letting the irs and the state that you came out of california and the new stage going in letting those tax bureaus know that this is my new address in the new state uh social security letting the social security department know uh utility bills like i mentioned all your bills magazine subscriptions all i mean tiny things that they look at are going to the new home in the new state gyms did you join a gym in the new city state did you join a temple synagogue mosque something religious organization have you joined any professional organizations have bank accounts opened entities new companies that you formed are they opened in the new state all of that stuff shows that you're a resident of that state great okay go online to your state and just google what is it to take a to be a resident of idaho of texas and it'll show you but that's i want you to pay attention to that second issue is income tax okay california is the most aggressive state in the nation about grabbing people wherever they went and grabbing tax from them okay no matter what if they spent a day in california that year or they spent the whole year in california california is notorious for doing so they have people in departments that just do that so the sooner you establish residency in the new state the sooner you can overcome that letter when you get it in the mail because you will california will grab your tires on the way while you're driving out of town to try to get you okay that's just what they do and they're known throughout the nation to do so so i don't want you to get stuck in a situation where you move to north carolina and you can pay 10 tax in california and you pay another five in in north carolina because both think they deserve it because you're a resident of both during certain times so the sooner again you can establish residency with the first part of this of the show uh the better argument you have for later so for instance i'm coming in uh you know i'm going to spend all year here next year i'll probably spend half the year coming and going and i'm going to have a tax problem i already know it so if you're planning on doing a back and forth you're going to have a tax issue potentially because you generated some income here in california and you generated some in north carolina and you might both states might want just a piece grab a piece of your ass so just be careful of that try to structure around it try to get to be residency as soon as possible to avoid all that all right good luck with your move and uh if you are moving or thinking about moving just just more stuff to think about just more stuff to check off but i want you to be careful about those two issues okay so you don't lose money in time we'll see you next week on the show thanks for tuning in you

  Top Comments:
  1. @phillyboylaboy [1 likes]: What a rip off those sticky states. 🤬
  2. @patcassidy5997: So ,if you spend most of the year in California before establishing residency in another state, do you pay income tax in California?

- How John & Mary Navigated Canadian Non-Resident Tax Filing | Section 216 Guide: Kind: captions Language: en John and Mary were a married couple living in the United States but they had both been born in Canada for years they had been filing their taxes in the United States but recently they had been told that they were required to file their taxes in Canada as non-residents John and Mary were understandably confused and overwhelmed by the new tax filing requirements they were unfamiliar with the laws and regulations in Canada and had no idea where to start fortunately they were able to find some helpful resources on our website that explain the non-resident tax filing requirements for Section 216 of the Canadian income tax act our website provided them with detailed information on the filing process including what documents were required how to fill out the forms and when taxes were due John and Mary took their time to read through the website and make sure that they understood everything they also took the time to review their financial situation and make sure that they had all of the necessary documents ready once they were confident that they had everything they needed John and Mary began the process of filing their taxes as non-residents of Canada they took their time to make sure that they filled out all of the forms correctly and that they didn't miss any important details finally after a few weeks of hard work John and Mary were able to submit their taxes and receive confirmation that they had been filed correctly they were relieved to have the process completed and were thankful for the resources that had made it possible visit our website or call us for any questions

- “Non-Resident Rental Income Tax Canada: John’s Section 216 Success Story”: Kind: captions Language: en John was a successful entrepreneur who had recently moved to Canada. He had a rental property in the United States and was now trying to figure out the non-resident rental income tax filing requirements for section 216 Canada. John knew he had to report his rental income to the Canada Revenue Agency CRA, but he wasn't sure how to go about it. He did some research and found out that he had to file a T1159 form with the CRA. He also had to include AT2062 for all dispositions with the T1159 form. John was relieved to learn that he could use the CRA's online services to file his taxes. He created a my account with the CRA and was able to enter all the necessary information. He was also able to make payments online. John was grateful for the resources available to him and was able to successfully file his taxes on time. He was now aware of the non-resident rental income tax filing requirements for section 216 Canada and was confident he could do it again in the future. Visit our website or call us for any questions.

- Remote Workers Face Double Taxation Risk in Messy Filing Season: Kind: captions Language: en texas could go up this filing season for a significant number of americans who worked at home during the pandemic as states compete to claim their paychecks the rules are complex and vary across the country in some states you're technically required to pay income taxes if you work there just for a day or two in others it's 60 days employers don't necessarily know the rules and since kobit 19 hit many don't even know where their workers are some states are already fighting in court over which jurisdiction gets to tax workers paychecks and the supreme court has yet to weigh in the biggest story is the moment they happen from around the globe subscribe to bloomer quick take now for insight in an instant you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Brett_S_420 [3 likes]: I have an idea! Lets tax people that have money instead of the ones who don't!

- How second residency and tax residency are different: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys I'm Andrew Henderson from Nomad capitalist Nomad Kabbalist I've come here in Kuala Lumpur Malaysia and I wanted to make a video that explained a difference that some people have a little bit of difficulty really understanding and that is the difference between a residence permit or a second residency and the actual tax residency now I got the idea to talk about this not only because it's come up in discussions in the past but because I saw an article today where the European Union is looking for public input to a whole white paper they put out about the idea that some Europeans might be using investment residence programs or citizenship by investment programs where you go and make a donation buy property whatever to become a legal resident or citizen of another country and the people were using this in the EU to escape their information sharing requirements under the common reporting standards CRS now in this video I'm gonna speak to both US citizens as well as to European citizens but what it is important to realize is that when we talk about getting a second residence permit that speaks to the ability to live in a country yeah it sometimes confers certain rights in that country some countries require you to have some kind of residence permit to open a bank account to rent property to buy property but really the point of a second residence permit just on its own is to have a place to go maybe you want to live there maybe it's a plan B for you and it can also be part but only part of a tax non-resident strategy so what some folks in the EU and I imagine all over the world are doing is they're going out and they're getting a passport from st. Lucia for example they make a donation they get a passport now when they go to open a bank account in let's say Singapore they say hey I'm I'm st. Lucian here's my passport and perhaps they can get a tax ID number from that country and and then the bank in Singapore will report the information back to st. Lucia as part of CRS rather than back to wherever days that they're from and therefore they can bypass the requirements for information-sharing and so what the EU is looking to do is kind of step in and put it that fire so what people sometimes will do is they'll say well hey I want to get a residence permit that's gonna solve all my tax problems or hey I'm gonna get a second passport no it won't for u.s. citizens there is FATCA so facto is the first one that's where governments share their information with the United States in the United States gives them nothing in return FATCA is information sharing from all around the world for US citizens and so if you're a US citizen doesn't really matter if you are also st. Lucian or also st. Lucian and 29 other citizenships as long as one of your citizenships is the United States you are going to be eligible for FATCA and so obviously there are people who have second passports you're certainly welcome to use those to open bank accounts if you were born in the United States it's probably gonna say born in the United States in most cases the bank is certainly gonna ask you if you are a US citizen and I can attest that if you're not a US citizen they're gonna say hey please show us proof that you're no longer a US citizen so for US citizens it's it's there's not as much of an issue for the government because the US government has made it pretty much mandatory that other countries indicate where you were born one of my passports has has the state where I was born written in there I guess somebody who didn't know might not ask but you know certainly when the bank asks you hey are you a US citizen you want to be honest about that now on the European side if you're a French citizen for example but you are legally living in Dubai then you can become tax non-resident to France and therefore of your obligations for the most part would end what people are doing according to the CU white papers they're going out and they're continuing to live in France but getting some residence permits somewhere else and then using that residence permit to basically is the plate is the repository for having their their tax information or their their bank information sent I think that's gonna be come from a practical point of view more and more difficult because as I've open bank accounts and the banks ask what is your tax ID number a lot of residence permits I have I don't get a tax ID number or certainly it's much more complicated to get it in some of the cases that I've dealt with so I don't know really how practical that is for any bank that's on the ball but it does bring up again the important distinction for us if you're a US citizen you're always in the information sharing system for most of the rest of the world as long as you're living in that country as long as your tax resident in that country they're gonna share your information they want all of your foreign corporations reported and taxed and until you decide to get out of that system whether it's renouncing US citizenship for for Americans whether it's becoming taxed and resident for everybody else you're gonna be part of the system and that's we can agree with that system but obviously for me as someone who has something to lose I like the idea of playing by the rules and and finding the best set of rules that work in your favor if you don't like those rules what does that mean for Canadians Australians Brits etc it means that not only getting that residence permit but it means going through the proper channels to check out of your country that is we've been talking about for over a year now through videos like the nomad tax trap and others here on our channel that is becoming a more complicated process the days of simply just packing your bags and going and coming and going and coming and going those are largely gone with Australia being one of the most difficult in my opinion Canada being relatively difficult some countries in Europe being relatively difficult there is a way to become taxed non-resident and then you avoid all this but the important distinction that I think a lot of people get confused is a second residence permit does not mean your tax resident that can be good or bad just obtaining a second residence permit on its face I have a residence permit in Montenegro I do meet the qualifications to be taxed in Montenegro because I don't spend much time there but I have the ability to go there without needing a visa and I can spend as much time as I want because I spend at less time than they say I can spend before being taxed I don't pay tax in Montenegro so on its face that's good I have a residence permit I can enjoy the place but I don't pay tax on the other hand if all my residence permits were like that then if I were the citizen of a country that wanted to tax me or they wanted to have my information shared with them I wouldn't really have any alternative to say well no actually I'm being taxed over there there are ways to obtain both second residence permits and tax residency and to legally pay no tax and that's really where it becomes a bit dicey err obviously there are plenty of people out there who will sell you a residence permit to sell you a passport there are plenty of people who will give you advice about how to leave the country but really for me the the if you don't want your information shared and if you want to pay much less or even zero tax there's a process of figuring out which country is going to give you the least amount of tax if any at all figuring out how to get out of the system in your home country and then figuring out how to make everything work together so that you're ticking all the boxes in both places the idea of just renting a mailbox in some other country is not going to make you tax resident even if you have a permit and so this is what the EU is wising up to the US long ago figured this out because they just tax you based on your citizenship there's nothing to talk about but it's very important that all the pieces of that puzzle work together having a second residence permit does that mean you have to pay taxes there and people think oh if I get a residence permit now I'm gonna be taxed and I don't want one no that's not true but if you want to avoid tax somewhere else and you're not a US citizen you should have some kind of residence permit and an entire tax residence strategy in another country and it has to be done properly if you want to find out more about how to do that we've got a lot more advanced stuff and in the opportunity for some help at nomad capitalists calm if you're just getting started with these topics that we call the Nomad capitalist lifestyle definitely subscribe to our channel and check out the hundreds of videos discussing our internationalization strategies

  Top Comments:
  1. @LeandrosCY [6 likes]: Cheers for this Andrew!
You are a walking treasure chest with your wealth of knowledge, experience and information!
Keen to connect with you. What's the best way to set up an online meeting for a brief chat?
  2. @mengoingabroad8576 [3 likes]: QUALITY stuff, Andrew.
  3. @alexsilva3834 [2 likes]: Andrew, how do they know if you are in the country or not?
  4. @ashvoj [2 likes]: Besides moving to Puerto Rico, what other options do US citizen crypto investors have?
  5. @c40334 [1 likes]: For EU people best way to go is Cyprus Non-Dome Residence Scheme with a Cyprus company. Must spend minimum 60 days in a year in Cyprus.
  6. @klipeezeclips996 [1 likes]: But for non US citizens if you spend less then 180 days in any given country per year, neither of them can claim you as a tax resident?
  7. @mojave77: Hello Mr. Henderson
  8. @ericeverson5956: As an American citizen, can I have multiple passports with no negative ramifications? Thank you, Andrew.

- Long-Distance Relationship Tips That Actually Worked (Cambodia 🇰🇭 + USA 🇺🇸 Edition): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, welcome to our channel. My name is Sonet. >> My name is Cameron. >> I am Cambodian. [Music] >> And I'm American. >> The thing about us is that we've known each other for about two years now. But what most people don't really know is that for that two years, we've been in long-distance relationship. Yep. We've gone through quite a lot as a couple >> and it's made us stronger together as a result. If you found this video and you're wondering, are long distance relationships worth it? >> The answer is yes. They are more than worth it. >> If you really love each other, >> it's worth every second. Mhm. >> We have some tip for you guys that have helped us tremendously in our time apart. >> In this video, we're going to talk about five tips and one special tips at the end. >> Yeah, that one tip is a game changer. So, stick around till the end. >> I would say tip number one, cliche as it sound, is communication. >> Absolutely. Communication is key. Not just when you wake up or when you go to bed, but during the day as well. Whether it's sending a good morning text, checking in during the day, when you guys are working, busy, doing your own things, it's important to check in on how you guys are doing. >> Yeah, I usually send him like a good morning text when I wake up, especially when I know that I'm about to have a very long day. >> Alexa, put it up. >> I send a good morning. Wish him a good day. >> And it can make a big difference. You know, life's not exactly easy when you wake up without your loved one. Wake up at 5. So, it makes a big difference to wake up and see that you can get through the day as a result. Also, when you're working during the day, >> it's even better as it helps get you through the day when you're almost there and you can see the finish line. >> At the end of the day, we usually debrief how our day went, the good things, the bad things. Our second tip is watching movies and TV shows together via FaceTime. >> What worked really well for us is we picked something that we both really liked. I remember we watch we get through half of the show of Ozark. But yeah, having a show that you watch in common especially after a very long day. It's also something to talk about too. Um, especially when you're not together. >> I mean, most of the day can be chaotic, but just having that structure at the end of the day, something to look forward to when it's all said and done, it's extremely important. >> And tip number three counts out, >> especially for those of you that are far away, but not far enough where for us, we were states apart. So, it's usually a 2 or 3 hours flight. I was in North Carolina, he was in Florida. So we look forward to like special occasions like fall break, spring break, Christmas, Thanksgiving, something like that. >> Yeah. And we have a countdown that goes with that. So once we have date in place specifically regarding like a flight and all that, it's very encouraging when you know this amount of time is left and it just feels better each day waking up knowing you're one day closer. And for some of you, even though it might be a year, it might be two years, just seeing that numbers go down really does encourage you to keep pushing. >> Yeah, each day is a step closer. Doesn't matter if it's 2 months, 2 weeks, 2 days. >> Could be two years. >> For us, for us, it is 2 years. >> Our next tip is making solid future plans. This kind of goes handinhand with the countdown. Essentially, having future plans is essential when the going gets hard. It is during these moments that you need something to look forward to. Our relationship really changed for the better when we started having certainty regarding when we were seeing each other and what we were even doing when we were seeing each other. Also, something that really helps is having goals and aspirations as a couple. These are something that you can work on via FaceTime, via text, and they really allow you to look forward to something because if there's nothing to look forward to, then those moments when life is really hard become even harder. I was actually working in New York and he was in North Carolina. Yep. >> And I really want to spend time with him. So what I really wanted to do was essentially find a remote job. And what I found was getting into tech allows you more flexibility. So I really did spend a lot of time just building up portfolios so that I can apply for jobs that allow for more flexibility. >> Yeah. sometimes like that was a massive sacrifice that she made but it allowed us to have certainty. Our last tip and the most important tip is FaceTiming while you're sleeping. >> Before we go to sleep, we put each other on FaceTime. It kind of give this sense of feeling that you're right next to each other without being next to each other. Sometimes I do have nightmares and I would wake him up like 3:00 a.m. and tell him like about my nightmare. >> And it's going the extra mile, too. It's probably one of the better things anyone could do in long distance. And we implemented it as soon as we realized, well, we're going to be two months away after spending Christmas break together. And those two months feel like an eternity away. So, what can we do to get through it? And it made a big difference. I remember the first time waking up at 4:00 a.m. and telling her that I love her. to anyone in a relationship when you're in different phases, whether it's college versus postgrad, different countries, different speeds, it can work. Give each other grace. Lean into it and celebrate the growth. These moments away from each other will only make you guys stronger in the long run. It will allow you guys to appreciate the time together in a way that you can never have appreciated without long distance. And that is one of the best gifts of long distance. As weird as it may sound, that time together will take on new meaning. >> If you're in a stage two, let us know in the comments. And we want to know your story. Don't forget to like and subscribe.

- What It’s Like To Be In A Long Distance Relationship: Kind: captions Language: en - I am currently in a long distance relationship. - For two and a half years it was long distance. - The first was two years and I am in one now. - We've dated for two years. Then we dated a year long distance. Then we lived together for a year and then we did six months or so long distance before it ended. - We were long distance for a year. What It's Like To Be In A Long Distance Relationship - The hardest part is feeling that nobody else thinks that what you're doing is sustainable. - You don't have to plan your day around it, but you definitely have to make extra effort. - So there'd be a lot of issues as far as communication where I'm not willing to Skype for three hours. - We still call each other - Sometimes. - like every three days, I'd say. - You run out of things to say on the phone. "How was your day?" "It was fine." Like, "Did anything happen?" It's like, "No, not really," like, "It was just like a normal day." And so then there's silence. - What was special about my day and how did it change me and how can I share that with the other person? - Even if you're just sitting in the car driving someplace in silence, you're together and you feel that. And you don't have that when you're in a long distance relationship and you're trying to artificially recreate it but silence over the phone is, I mean, it's nothing, right? Silence in person means something. - You fall in love and it's hard and it's like, will I connect with someone like this again? And is it worth it? - When you really like someone or even love someone, it makes it worth it. - You're constantly asking yourself, "Is it worth it?" And I feel like I learn something new every time I ask myself that question. - I mean, it wasn't worth it, right? Cause we broke up. So. - But, we were never like, - But. - this is ending our relationship. - Yeah. - It was just, this sucks, that this is our relationship right now. - Really when it comes down to it any your relationship ends, when either one person stops caring about the other or both people give up. - I think the key to doing a long distance relationship is having an end in sight. - Like a date, she would move in, - Mmhmm. - we would move in together in July, so, we knew that. - And then we did. - We did. - Woooo. - You really learn about communication and how to stay open with someone. - It made us also, like, not dwell as much on, like, little arguments anymore, unless you forget to bring your girlfriend potatoes (laughing) from the German restaurant. She will drill it home for an hour at you. This happened last night. - Waiting, you know, several days before you can even talk or Skype with the other person. Or waiting months before you can hug them again. It's hard (giggling). - It makes you appreciate loving someone when you can see them everyday. - Aaaww. - So sweet. (lips smacking) - [Man] I had some-- - [Woman] I texted him twice to ask for these potatoes - No you texted me once. - after work. - about the potatoes. - They're good potatoes. - They're so good. But I wouldn't know because I didn't have them yesterday. - Yep.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennifersmith3409 [2 likes]: Love that Keith and Becky are still together and married ❤️
  2. @norbis3939 [1 likes]: It helps if you mail cats back and forth
  3. @orz4169 [1 likes]: Currently LDR during covid Japan - US 😢 it’s been over a year but we are staying strong for the reunion in the future
  4. @arreyahnicholson2601 [1 likes]: I feel so sorry for the girl in the pink 😖
  5. @pauliebleeker4386 [1 likes]: This video means so much more in 2020-2021
  6. @moncy101 [1 likes]: I think the hardest part with me just starting a ldr is seeing others with there sigifant other and wanting that but like knowing she isnt here
  7. @imooyeohiolebo5047 [1 likes]: I think trust in a relationship is overrated. When my husband started getting frequent night calls ,i would ask and he would just wave off those calls as unimportant. At a time i could take no more of his lies,i decided i deserve to know what was going on. A friend of mine referred me to this great ethical hacking team( Cyberhackingsage@gmail )who helped clone his cellphone without having to touch the device. My husband was a cheating Narcissist and I’m glad i found out all his secrets and infidelity and how he planned on using this pandemic to get back to me. I got access to his Facebook, iMessage, GPS location, WhatsApp, Call Logs and Text Messages (both deleted and incoming ones) with a remote link to a programmed App on my phone. I’m here in Florida and able to access my husband’s phone even while he was away in Canada cheating on me.Thanks to Cyberhackingsage, now i have enough evidence for my divorce.If you need help or that little bit of closure, i advice you get in touch with them Via Gmail ( cyberhackingsage@gmail )Or Text and WhatsApp them on +15713758467...thank me later.
  8. @kiratheelf772: Im in a LDR right now. 
We matched on a dating app in November of last year, 
we've been official since April 8th of this year,
and i just recently visited him for the first time, i stayed at his place for a week and it was wonderful.

My particular situation is made both easier and harder by the fact that we're polyamorous.

Easier because we both have the freedom to also seek out local partners, which im trying to do at the moment lol, so it is less lonely.

Harder because when im missing him extra hard, i get a little jealous of the partners that get to see and be with him every day.

Easier because he's got a polycule that he lives with, whom have taken me in with open arms and make me feel like family.

Harder because once i go for a visit, and then have to return back home again, its not just him that i get to miss :')

I wouldn't trade it for anything. I adore my polycule ❤
  9. @silk_ears: It's eye opening to see how different the view is on LDRs are now. There is still definitely opinions of it being hard to substante but it's become so common place especially in the 20's so far.
  10. @vvcxd37: I feel like some of this is a little different now w WhatsApp or FaceTime, so on so forth
  11. @DEADMANSSABBAT: FREAK IM IN ONE 😢😢😢😢
  12. @rockfestram: I am from Oklahoma, my Girlfriend is Persian (Iranian). Neither of us are religious but, you truly learn a lot about parts of the world that have been deemed as "dangerous". I find it funny how travel advisories say do not travel to Iran.. if they are that worried about Iran then they need to put up travel advisories saying the same thing for Chicago and other cities with high levels of crime.
  13. @abibo134: currently in a long distance relationship while my boyfriend is doing army bct & ait. its been about 3 months since i last saw him, plus 3 more months before he comes home. the hardest part isnt just the distance, but its the fact that the only time i get to talk to him is 20 minutes every sunday before he goes offline for another week. sometimes we would have nice calls, sometimes we wouldnt call at all. it gets lonely sometimes, and i know both of us hurt when we cant talk to each other. 8k miles apart, its not easy right? after a while, he'll move to new york, 12k miles away from me. i think about the distance and it gets so heavy. but i think it'll be worth it. 

might come back to this comment in 3 months if everything works out.
  14. @rhiannn3416: My LDR is bilingual and we converse pretty much exclusively in Japanese. We do definitely run out of things to talk about (since we talk for at least 2 hours + everyday) but sometimes we're just doing our own things. Studying, playing games, or whatever. And the silence is comfortable.
  15. @andressac27: I tried...different countries...didn't work out, pure illusion and waste of my time.
  16. @victoriapoirier8010: I'm in a long distance relationship and I'm the happiest I've ever been. I hate how everywhere you look or everything you hear is that they don't work out and that's not true cuz they are once they do work out. As long as you put the effort in and you love the person it can work.
  17. @elliana5728: I’m in an LDR and we FaceTime literally like 6 hours a day on average. I am a full time student and I work part time and he also works a ton but scheduling our calls isnt hard. We simply call when we have free time during the day or at night and then stay on the phone until one of us has to leave. Silence on the phone is not awkward when you’re with the right person
  18. @ofwz: Subscribe to my channel.
  19. @fedd3d: We watch Netflix together play video games text FaceTime I think we doing good????
  20. @gracekaradza3353: I'm about to start college and my boyfriend and I are going long distance. No one thinks it will work but I know we will make it

- Long-Distance Relationship Tips That Actually Worked (Cambodia 🇰🇭 + USA 🇺🇸 Edition): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to our channel. My name is Sonet. >> My name is Cameron. >> I am Cambodian. [Music] >> And I'm American. >> The thing about us is that we've known each other for about 2 years now. But what most people don't really know is that for that two years, we've been in long-distance relationship. Yep. We've gone through quite a lot as a couple >> and it's made us stronger together as a result. If you found this video and you're wondering, are long-distance relationships worth it? >> The answer is yes. They are more than worth it. >> If you really love each other, >> it's worth every second. Mhm. >> We have some tips for you guys that have helped us tremendously in our time apart. >> In this video, we're going to talk about five tips and one special tips at the end. >> Yeah, that one tip is a game changer. So, stick around till the end. >> I would say tip number one, cliche as it sound, is communication. >> Absolutely. Communication is key. Not just when you wake up or when you go to bed, but during the day as well. Whether it's sending a good morning text, checking in during the day, when you guys are working, busy, doing your own things, it's important to check in on how you guys are doing. >> Yeah, I usually send him like a good morning text when I wake up, especially when I know that I'm about to have a very long day. >> Alexa, put it up. >> I send a good morning. Wish him a good day. >> And that can make a big difference. You know, life's not exactly easy when you wake up without your loved one. Wake up at 5. So, it makes a big difference to wake up and see that you can get through the day as a result. Also, when you're working during the day, >> it's even better as it helps get you through the day when you're almost there and you can see the finish line. >> At the end of the day, we usually debrief how our day went, the good things, the bad things. Our second tip is watching movies and TV shows together via FaceTime. >> What worked really well for us is we picked something that we both really liked. I remember we watch we get through half of the show of Ozark. But yeah, having a show that you watch in common especially after a very long day. It's also something to talk about too. Um, especially when you're not together. >> I mean, most of the day can be chaotic, but just having that structure at the end of the day, something to look forward to when it's all said and done, it's extremely important. >> And tip number three, >> especially for those of you that are far away, but not far enough where for us, we were states apart. So, it's usually a 2 or 3 hours flight. I was in North Carolina, he was in Florida. So we look forward to like special occasions like fall break, spring break, Christmas, Thanksgiving, something like that. >> Yeah. And we have a countdown that goes with that. So once we have date in place specifically regarding like a flight and all that, it's very encouraging when you know this amount of time is left and it just feels better each day waking up knowing you're one day closer. And for some of you, even though it might be a year and might be two years, just seeing that numbers go down really does encourage you to keep pushing. >> Yeah, each day is a step closer. Doesn't matter if it's 2 months, 2 weeks, 2 days. >> Could be two years. >> For us, for us, it is 2 years. >> Our next tip is making solid future plans. This kind of goes handinhand with the countdown. Essentially, having future plans is essential when the going gets hard. is during these moments that you need something to look forward to. Our relationship really changed for the better when we started having certainty regarding when we were seeing each other and what we were even doing when we were seeing each other. Also, something that really helps is having goals and aspirations as a couple. These are something that you can work on via FaceTime, via text, and they really allow you to look forward to something because if there's nothing to look forward to, then those moments when life is really hard become even harder. I was actually working in New York and he was in North Carolina. Yep. >> And I really want to spend time with him. So what I really wanted to do was essentially find a remote job. And what I found was getting into tech allows you more flexibility. So I really did spend a lot of time just building up portfolios so that I can apply for jobs that allow for more flexibility. >> Yeah. sometimes like that was a massive sacrifice that she made but it allowed us to have certainty. Our last tip and the most important tip is FaceTiming while you're sleeping. >> Before we go to sleep, we put each other on FaceTime. It kind of get sense of feeling that you're right next to each other without being next to each other. Sometimes I do have nightmares and I would wake him up like 3:00 a.m. and tell him like about my nightmare. >> And it's going the extra mile, too. It's probably one of the better things anyone could do in long distance. And we implemented it as soon as we realized, well, we're going to be two months away after spending Christmas break together. And those two months feel like an eternity away. So, what can we do to get through it? And it made a big difference. I remember the first time waking up at 4:00 a.m. and telling her that I love her. To anyone in a relationship, when you're in different phases, whether it's college versus postgrad, different countries, different speeds, it can work. Give each other grace. Lean into it and celebrate the growth. These moments away from each other will only make you guys stronger in the long run. It will allow you guys to appreciate the time together in a way that you can never have appreciated without long distance. And that is one of the best gifts of long distance. As weird as it may sound, that time together will take on new meaning. >> If you're in a stage two, let us know in the comments. And we want to know your story. Don't forget to like and subscribe.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ChandankumarKumar-x5f [6 likes]: ❤❤❤🎉
  2. @Rajesh-e4k1c [1 likes]: 😮😮😮😢🎉😮😮😮😢😢😮😮😢😮😮😅😢😢
  3. @Global-Bangla-News: very nice
  4. @Global-Bangla-News: Nice Vedeo!
  5. @PakRkk0-l3l6f: Wonderful
  6. @JamieLan-z6f: Amazing 🤩
  7. @sumanbadhiya4501: ❤❤❤

- Will Your Long-Distance Relationship Work? Ask These 4 Questions (Matthew Hussey): Kind: captions Language: en are long-distance relationships a waste of time i think one of the inherent dangers that isn't talked about nearly enough in long-distance relationships is that it's very easy to say things that are romantic you know i really like you you're really special i haven't met anyone like you in a long time or forever you and i would be so great together without paying the tax for saying those things see when someone lives next door there's like a there's an actual investment tax someone can say you're really special oh my god you and i would be great together but if they live next door you'd go okay so why aren't we together then you know someone would actually have to back that up long distance you can get away with saying all of these romantic things and at the same time going but oh no you you live all the way over the other side of the world i'm here it's like a romeo and juliet scenario how are we going to make it work is so difficult isn't it but you're so special i really like you you get to say all of these romantic things with complete impunity because someone couldn't reasonably expect us to do all of these difficult things to make it work in the moment we can for a very long time be in a long distance relationship or situation ship or tunnel vision with a person to the exclusion of all of our other options that are on our doorstep not knowing that it's ultimately going to be fruitless that when push comes to shove this person isn't going to make any sacrifices to make it work with us that begs the question how do we read someone's intentions in a long distance relationship so that we have some idea of whether we might be wasting our time or not here's a couple of simple questions you can ask first what would be the next practical logical action they would take in this situation if they meant what they say or to put it a different way if i felt the way they say they're feeling what would i be doing what sacrifices would i be making what actions would i be taking how would i be going out of my way to make this work and if the answer to that question is drastically different from what they're doing right now then you know that at the very least you're in a situation where what the two of you are prepared to do varies massively now in this situation someone is going to tell you all of these reasons why they can't take certain actions why they can't fly to see you or clear space in their schedule so that you can come to see them or meet you halfway you may then look at those excuses and say they're legitimate i can't argue with those they're logical they make sense it is difficult but here's the way you have to look at it there's a principle called occam's razor of two explanations that take account of all of the facts the simplest explanation is likely to be the correct one so for example when someone gives you all of their reasoning about why they can't invest why they can't take action on your relationship why they can't sacrifice you can look at all of that and try and decipher their excuses and understand these complex arguments as to why someone can't do what you're willing to do or you could look at the other explanation they're not willing to do what i'm willing to do in this situation to make it work they are not committed enough to make this relationship work it's a simpler explanation and it's therefore more likely to be the correct one so look i'm not saying you shouldn't invest in a long distance relationships are all long-distance relationships a waste of time of course they're not harry how could they be yours and i relationship is long distance isn't it would you say that that's a waste of time no i guess i guess it's not hesitation was rude you know why it's not a waste of time because at the end of the day if you picked up the phone and said you needed me or i picked up the phone and said i needed you either of us would be on the next damn plane yeah that's true we would both risk covid you wouldn't that we found as limitless depends how much you needed we found the line not all long distance relationships are a waste of time but if you are going to invest in a long-distance relationship or dare i say any relationship that is logistically difficult then be aware that something that is inherently very difficult requires grand measures to make it work do you have someone who is willing to take those grand measures to make it work are you willing to take those grand measures to make it work that's a different video isn't it harry are you really looking to do what it takes to make it work or is this relationship just filling a hole for you right now because you're not happy deep down you know it's not right but you keep investing in it anyway because it seems better than nothing it's a distraction from your existential melancholy that is keeping you in a depressed state god forbid you go there and explore that no instead just you know keep this fire burning with someone that you can pretend is right for you as a distraction from your misery different i don't video why you were looking at me when you said all that and of course is it equal that's what it always comes down to isn't it at the very least make sure that this person is willing to make it work in the same way that you are not just through their flowery language but through the the gravitas of their actions and by the way that doesn't mean that the sacrifices will always be equal i think that that's a bit of a oversimplification it could be that one person has this big life that another person has to move to come and be involved in because the reverse just isn't possible right it might be that one person is making a bigger sacrifice but is that sacrifice welcomed is that sacrifice something someone respects do they then make space for the person that moves in their life when that happens sometimes the actions aren't the same but you see that the intentions are the same through what both people give to the relationship for the space that they make for the relationship in their lives make sure you've got one of those if you're gonna do something as difficult as a long distance relationship because it's bloody hard it's bloody hard [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @allmymona [1 likes]: I was also in a LDR for 3 years and a few months, (my husband is Chinese and i am a Romanian, both in our 40’s) 😅 in those 3 years we only met 2 times, but we did video called daily, now we are happily married for 2 years now. It was worth it. After so many sleepless nights, tears, distance, jet lag, ups and downs in those past 3 years, now after marriage the bond between us is really strong and unbreakable. We are happy and will never separate again. ❤❤❤ There's a saying: the one who's been with you for 3 years won't necessarily be with you forever, but the one who waits for you for 3 years, you can be sure, will be with you forever. 😊
  2. @qolayahsirafi1808: It also depends on if each have the financial means to up and travel on a short notice.
  3. @DerrenChristian-d9m4o: We are still talking
  4. @NatashaVVV-x6x: I have a long distance relationship as single mom with war veteran, we are going to kill each other. I don't recommend that, but can't stop it. And yeah, I live in the country where a war is, we are from different war blocks
  5. @NatashaVVV-x6x: Looks like shit, ohhh.
  6. @roberthayward3862: Looking for a genuine connection with someone who shares my love for travel and meaningful conversations
  7. @LoLa-n6c5k: Im in a ldr she lives in australia and me in germany were far from each other but our hearts are so close i believe in us we both are christians and pray for each other
  8. @SINNKARATE: I can’t sleep
  9. @SINNKARATE: It’s hard
  10. @바하르-u9r: 4:52 he would..😑.
  11. @maryam_00011: Im in a LDR , 1h flight , he always make excuses about that he can't come ,any way , we're always Happy and good , but whenever im sad or upset he doesn't gaf about it , instead he disapear , now it have been 3 days of cold talk 
I love him sm , but I really don't see efforts or love 
Just words. . .  uffff 
Should I accept it cause I love him 
Or should I choose myself ? Even if it will hurts as hell
  12. @SashaMills-x9i: When. I am committed I'm all in....Don't want nor desire anyone else...it works as long as both parties share the same claim...❤❤❤❤ How Bout That Rocket
  13. @jennydaggett7543: I'm in a LDR now. Im here in Germany and he is back in the states ( he is in the military) not knowing when I'm going to see him again drives me crazy. 
I just hope we get through this
  14. @spiritguide1111: 5:08 the bromance soliloquy 💯 😂😂😂😂😂
  15. @flamepickl3: I'm in a relationship with an amazing girl and we are almost 6 months together but the long distance in the beginning it was fine but now when we say goodnight or have a good day I feel somewhat alone my love language is physical content so I'm struggling I don't know what to say or do
  16. @natalasagun1554: If you  meet someone in person and then you find yourself separated by the ocean then it may work. But what if you meet someone on an international dating app? How much time may it take for a man to suggest meeting in person? I understand we are all different but there must be a deadline because I don't want to waste my time chatting with someone for, let's say three months, with zero result. In our situation there's a real possibility to meet up if anything
  17. @WilliamWilliams-l9j: This doesn’t apply . both me and my ex partner met on a plane and were only together 3 months but both willing to travel and we did over those 3 months . Back and forth. I decided to be a better person a couple years ago and have worked on myself for last 2 years and she hasn’t dated anyone for 3 years and ( doesn’t sleep around - god girl). I wasn’t looking when I met her, it was just two people talking and made an unreal connection. We Made plans for
Future connection and sacrifices. Both put in effort for the other person. I put in more ( money wise ) because I am in a better financial position in life but the same when it came to trying ( she pushed past her barriers in every way and brought me into her life ). But we never argued or had problems. Just distance  made her feel like she was losing herself in her day to day and her path for someone far away and she said she wished I lived closer to figure out if we would be together forever more slowly but we went way too fast and fell for each other  because the connection was mutual on both sides( both said the L word my last visit) … now what  🤦‍♂️ never chased or begged . She’s only been respectful and hasn’t ghosted me and asked me to reach out if I’m even in her city in the future . I simply pulled back after she said she didn’t know if she was easy to this right now even though she wished she was. 5 weeks now and I’m moving forward because I know my worth but I feel like I am “avoiding” and running from a connection I’ve never felt before . And yes I can say that because I’ve been with more women than I can count .
  18. @shengxingma6053: strongly disagree with the occams razor part
  19. @rukeyburg: Right now I really am in love with a girl that lives in Iran (I'm Dutch), just pulled my heart out for her to see I love her. We are gladly each other's comfort corners. Really hope it's mutual that way, especially now I so vulnerable right now, it's a weird side to be in, the waiting hurts 😣

But for starters I really hope it's gonna be an LDR, even though the internet back in the day have nurtured me that an LDR isn't recommend, probably because of that certain love language of physical touch. Iran isn't the best when it comes woman.. Still I do sense bit by bit a little bit more hope about Long Distance relationship. Maybe it's better than I thought to be. Thanks for the video 🙏


Sad thing is that Iran now seems to be code red. Really dedicated to her, but I hate my own safety there. The 'moral police' can kinda do what they want just if some thing's fishy instead of factually checking for actually illegal stuff.

Still, I'd love to dedicate my life to her, we both need a little healing, she actually makes me love live and its depth, to be everything I wanna be, with her. I love my life, but she makes me wanna melt for her 🥴 I do wanna touch and feel her tho 😪
  20. @internaltuning9914: 😂😂😂😂😂😂 that speech with rhe violin took me tf out

- Why Dual-Income Households Still Struggle With Housing: Kind: captions Language: en For decades, the idea of a dualincome household was supposed to make housing easier to afford. Two salaries, two paychecks, more financial stability. But for many American professionals today, even households with two incomes are finding that housing costs still feel increasingly tight. Mortgage payments, property taxes, insurance, and maintenance are quietly absorbing a larger share of household income, even when both partners are working full-time. For a long time, the dual income household represented financial stability. Two working adults meant more purchasing power, more flexibility and monthly budgeting, and greater resilience when costs increased. But in many parts of the United States, housing expenses have evolved in a way that is quietly reshaping that equation. Today, many dual income households are discovering that two salaries no longer create the financial breathing room they once did, particularly when it comes to housing. The issue isn't always dramatic. Mortgage payments are one part of the equation. Over the past several years, mortgage rates and home prices have moved significantly. Even households that purchased homes during lower rate periods often experience increases in related property taxes often adjust based on home value assessments. As property values rise, those tax bills tend to increase as well. At the same time, homeowners insurance has become a growing part of housing expenses. Insurance premiums have steadily increased due to rising repair costs, weather related risk, and broader insurance market adjustments. For a dual inome household, these increases may seem manageable at first. After all, there are two paychecks supporting the household budget. But the structure of modern household finances means that housing costs often expand alongside income growth. When two incomes become the baseline requirement for maintaining a mortgage, housing expenses become anchored to maximum earning capacity. In other words, the system begins to assume both incomes will always be present. That assumption can quietly change the financial dynamics of home ownership. For example, when one partner experiences a career pause for caregiving or job transition, the household may feel the full weight. Housing costs typically behave as fixed expenses. Mortgage payments remain constant monthtomonth. Because of this structure, housing expenses rarely adjust downward when income growth slows. Another factor shaping the dual income housing dynamic is location. Many professionals live near employment centers where demand is strong. This means even households earning two professional salaries may find themselves dedicating a large portion of income toward housing alone. In previous decades, a single income could often support housing. Today, dual incomes are no longer an advantage. They are a requirement. Home prices and financing costs have gradually aligned with the assumption that many households now have two earners. Two incomes once expanded financial freedom. But in many housing markets today, they simply maintain financial balance.

- Do Sellers Still Pay the Buyer’s Agent? New Rules Explained for 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Back in August of 2024, all of the rules regarding real estate commissions changed to a certain extent. And even though it's been several months since that has happened, there's been a ton of videos published and there's been a lot of reporting in the media about this. There is still a great deal of confusion. And I'll admit, it's not just confusion amongst potential buyers and sellers. There is also confusion amongst different brokerages because everyone is handling it slightly different. But over the past few months, a couple of the most common questions I have been getting from sellers has been, does this mean that we no longer have to pay the buyer's agent? Is buyer agent commission done away with now? And from a buyer's perspective, it's been, so since this changed, does this mean if I want to use an agent that I now have to pay them directly myself out of pocket? And honestly, the answers might surprise you. So, in this video, I'm going to break it all down for you. I'm going to tell you what's actually changed, what hasn't, and what it all means for you in practical terms and in what I'm seeing every single day so that you can get a better gauge and idea of what's actually going on in the market. So, let's dive into it and clear up the confusion. Hi, this is Andrew with the Andrew Smith team expy here in Frisco, Texas. And first of let's start this video out by talking about what exactly changed and the essence of what was behind the lawsuit. So boiling everything down, what basically happened is the terms of the settlement were that there can no longer be a unilateral offer of compensation. So what in the world does that mean? So, let's go back and look at how things were in the past. As a seller, you're planning on selling your home. You meet with a listing agent and a commission amount would be decided upon. A commission amount would be agreed upon. And that amount, whatever it was, was then split between brokers. Part of it was going to the listing brokerage representing you, the seller, and part of it was being made out or being offered out, I should say, as an offer of compensation for the brokerage that brings in the buyer. That is no longer allowed. There can no longer be offers of compensation made in the multiple listing service. And the idea behind that is it was felt that it was unfair to sellers and it was unfair to buyers because the there was there wasn't a whole lot of transparency on the buy side on potentially what they were making or what was being offered. Were agents intentionally only taking buyers to properties that were offering a higher fee for instance? So it wanted to take all of that away which I'll be honest with you is a good thing. that brings transparency back into it. So everything's on the table. So in essence, what they did was uncouple commissions. The buyer is responsible for negotiating their fee with their agent should they use to use one and the seller is responsible for ne negotiating their listing fee with their agent representing them in the sale. That in essence is what changed. Okay, that is what is and isn't allowed anymore. So, how does this actually play out in terms of a buyer and a seller? What should you expect? So, that's what I'm going to get into right here for you. So, let's start with the seller side. So, first and foremost, on the seller side, it doesn't mean that you no longer will be asked to contribute or pay a buyer's agent commission. It just means that you're no longer required to offer it. And it's now a strategic decision, not an automatic one. So, what exactly does that mean? Well, we've all been there. I mean, you know, you may have a home that's listed for 500,000 and you're offering a percentage out and the offer comes in low, right? It's lower than what you want and then there's these fees involved. You're looking at all of this. All of that is out the window, right? Or it should be out the window. As I said, there's confusion amongst brokerages still on this as well. But it is very likely and very possible that the buyer is going to ask you for a closing cost credit to cover all or part of their fee to their that they're paying the buyer's agent. So the commission to the buyer's agent, but it's not a fixed amount. It's going to be negotiated through the actual offer. So, if you get a really good strong offer and they're asking for a concession to cover that fee, you know, that could still work. That could be something that you choose to do. Also, from the seller side, it's also important to understand that for certain buyers, it is possible that you will reduce the buyer pool if in fact you just unilaterally say, "No, I'm not offering anything out." Why is that? Well, there's many buyers that can afford the monthly payment on a house, but they're cashstrapped. You know, they have enough money for a down payment, but they don't have enough money for a down payment and all of the fees that typically go along with it. And if it's a buyer that is in that situation and you're not willing to consider a concession towards covering their closing costs and or their agent fees, then that buyer financially simply might not be able to move forward with the purchase of your home. But again, it is now 100% negotiable offer by offer. All right, so hopefully that clears it up a little bit from the seller perspective. All right, now for buyers, what changed with buyers? Well, there's more changes on the buyer side than there was on the listing side. On the listing side, there's really not any changes except the discussion that a listing agent and the seller is going to have with regards to whether or not they're going to consider covering part of buyer agent fees. The bigger changes are on the buyer side and more than me, the commission one is the one that says a buyer representation agreement must be signed prior to that agent showing you any property. And I'll admit, I don't like it. I don't like that change. I don't think it's a fair change. I don't think it achieves a necessary goal. Let's face it, buying a house is expensive, right? and it's the biggest financial investment the vast majority of people ever make in their life. And now an agent that you've spent 30 seconds or a minute speaking to on the phone. Um, you know, you want them to go and show you a house and now you've got to sign an agreement, commit to them and commit to paying them a fee if it's not going to get covered by the seller. Doesn't seem right. Doesn't seem fair. And I agree, but that's the law. That's what the law actually says. Now, in order to stay true to the law and also be fair to buyers, a lot of different companies do different things to accommodate this. You are not going to be locked into or you shouldn't be locked into or you should never agree to be locked into a long-term agreement with an agent. You don't know. You don't know anything about them. You don't know if they're any good. You don't know if you get along with them. And then you're going to agree to let them help you with this. No. What you can do is there are ways where you can sign an extremely short-term uh showing agreement. In essence, it could be for one day, it could be for one property, it could be for one weekend. It's fully customizable and it expires quickly and you can revoke it if you determine that it you and that agent are not a good fit. So what has happened now is as a buyer you do have more options. So if you you know you can choose to hire a full-ervice agent. You can choose to use an agent in a limited capacity. Maybe you've bought several homes before and you know your way around and you're comfortable doing some of the heavy lifting yourselves and you want to negotiate uh a fee with an agent to possibly handle inspections for you, make sure the contract is correct, review the comparables, help you with closing documents, things along those lines. You can hire an agent to do just that. You could also choose to represent yourself. You could choose not to have any agent. You could choose to do all of it your own and or with the use of an attorney or you could contact the listing agent directly. Now, I will tell you or I will advise you in my opinion that is not your best option. Um, and I'm not saying that to try and say an agent should be involved. That's not what I'm saying here at all. You need to do what's best for you. But the rules and the laws in different or they vary from state to state. And when you have a situation where you're contacting the listing agent directly, I want you to keep in mind that the listing agent works for the seller. Right? So again, I'm not going to speak for other agents or other people, but I'm going to tell you from my perspective. This is the way I work. If I'm the listing agent on a home and you're an unrepresented buyer and you want to see that home, I will meet you at the house when I can and I will show you that home. I will unlock it. I will make the appointment. I will get you in and you are more than welcome to look around. If you want, if you decide it's the absolute perfect home and you want to make an offer, you have a couple of choices. Again, you can hire a real estate attorney. You can hire an agent of your own at that time or you could ask me to write the offer for you or any listing agent for that matter. But keep in mind that that agent, I'm going to speak for myself here, right? I represent the seller. And since I represent the seller, I cannot represent you. It would be a purely transactional relationship between you and I. What does that mean? It means I can't advise you on the price that you should offer. I can't advise you what you should do in terms of ex inspections. I can't advise you with regards to questions on certain disclosures or title forms or things like that. I can't offer you any advice or guidance because that would be a conflict of interest. My job is to protect the interest of the seller. So hopefully that makes sense. Could you potentially save some money that way? Possibly, absolutely. But that's a decision that you need to make on your own. So, how do I recommend you go about it? If you wanted to see a property, I recommend that if you're thinking that you might want to use an agent that you go ahead and sign a short-term representation agreement specific to one house, one day, one weekend, something along those lines. Get to know each other. go on a date. In essence, see if you like each other, see if you think you could be someone that you work with. And during that time frame, you can ask a few more questions about how that agent works, what's going to be involved, what type of services do they offer. From there, it's always possible that you then schedule a second meeting. And in that second meeting, you would go over it almost like a listing agent gives a presentation to a seller and goes through everything. It would be the same thing. you would meet with that agent and go through everything and how they work and negotiate the fee that the agent is going to make completely negotiable between you and that agent. So hopefully that clears it up a little bit with regards to what changed on the buy side. So all of that being said, in practical terms, what is actually happening? Are sellers still covering the buyer agent commission? And I will tell you, at least in this market, the answer is yes. For the most part, they most definitely are. Now, it's just done different. It is not against the rules or the law, per se, that agents can't email agents or send flyers out or put riders on signs with a specific offer of compensation. The brokerage I work with doesn't believe in that. they don't believe that's the intent of the law. So, I usually have this discussion with a seller, explain what their options are, and then just say, depending upon the offer, would you be willing to contribute towards buyer agent compensation or commission? And the overwhelming answer has always been yes. In which case, the only field in our local MLS that talks about this is one that says seller concessions, and it is simply a yes or a no. If we put yes, you can know that the seller is willing to consider compensation. And what I tell agents when they call me is whatever percentage or amount you have agreed upon with your buyer, go ahead and include that in your offer and it will be negotiated just like all of the other terms of the offer. But overwhelmingly I am still seeing the sellers contributing and covering that fee for the simple reason is that we are in a much more competitive market these days. I can see if this was the market like what we had in 2021 then no sellers were not going to cover that fee. They didn't have to. That's when multiple offers and over bidding were taking place and things like that. Now in this market that's not the case. It's much more balanced. It's much more normal. So sellers are motivated to sell and they know that things are taking longer to sell. So they are more inclined to offer buyers concessions, whether that be towards closing costs or whether that be towards the buyer's agent commission in either way. Also, if the buyer is submitting a strong offer overall and it's a very reasonable offer, most sellers are still willing to contribute. I will tell you, if we look at the Pacific Northwest, so I know Washington, they they haven't offered buyer agent compensation or commission percentage in the MLS for a long time. And I don't know the exact percentage, but it's still over the past few years, it's like 98 or 99% of all the transactions, the seller is still covering the fee. So again, hopefully that helps. Now, what does this mean going forward? What should you expect? Well, you know, I don't think any of this is a bad thing. It's just made the conversation much more transparent, right? And it's going to force agents to prove their value. For years and years and years, let's face it, you know, the idea behind it was, well, for a real estate agent, you know, they don't really do anything and then they get paid this huge fee. And the people that make that statement are usually people that haven't been a real estate agent and actually done it. And I know I could get flack for that and that's fine, but it's not quite as simple or as easy as people make it out to be. However, what this does is there's nothing hidden. Everything's on top of the table. What the fees are are presented upfront. They're clear. Everybody knows about them, both buyer and seller. So, adding the transparency into it is a good thing overall. I also suggest for buyers and sellers that, you know, before you're ready, you start interviewing agents early. understand exactly what it is that they're going to be doing for you and you can make the decision then on whether or not you are going to utilize the services of an agent. I mean, let's face it, when selling your home for years, you've had the option to put a sign in your yard and have it for sale by owner, there's been nothing restricting you from doing that. It's the same thing now for a buyer. You can buy on your own. You you don't you don't need an agent. You know, if you find a for sale by owner, you guys can go put it together. If you find an agent or if you find a home that's listed you really like, call the listing agent, ask them to show you the home, and then you can work the way through it yourself. You can use a limited service agent, you can use an attorney. So, again, it's just creating transparency and bringing options into the marketplace. So hopefully this has helped explain and clear up some of the confusion that exists out there. I realize that you probably still have questions in which case please don't hesitate to reach out. You can always call or text the number that is up on your screen or if you'd like to discuss things further. I offer everyone a free 30inut consultation. You can go ahead and scan this QR code right here and that is going to take you directly to my calendar. Pick a time that works for you and I'd be more than happy to answer your questions and discuss your buying or selling plans in much more detail. So again, thank you for spending a few minutes with me today. I hope that this has helped provide some clarity on all of the changes that has taken place. And make sure you don't go anywhere because I know you're going to enjoy this video coming up [Music] next. Heat. Heat. Heat.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jest_me_thee [2 likes]: DUDE! Consider turning down the background noise. It distracts from your message!
  2. @JM-io4vb [1 likes]: I live in NJ.  Is it REQUIRED that I use a buyer's agent if I want to purchase a house? If not, does it put me at a disadvantage if I don't have an agent and I'm bidding on a house where the other bids are being done thru a buyer's agent?
  3. @kkrenken895 [1 likes]: Where are these “laws” recorded?
  4. @jeffreyfurtado44 [1 likes]: The buyer has technically always paid the commissions. It was already baked into the sellers price.
  5. @guineapigzed: Another blackmail artist.
It’s time to outlaw this disgusting behavior.
  6. @senseofstile: Wait.  We now have Zillow, Redfin, etc.   We really don't need the MLS.  Hence a "buyers agent" doesn't make much sense.  
You can't advise a buyer?   Is it illegal to advise?   Probably not.   Don't you want to make some money?   I take it you do.
  7. @Aliens-Are-Our-Friends2027: It's UNETHICAL for a buyers agent, who represents the buyer, to make MORE $$$ WHEN THE BUYER PAYS MORE $$$ . 

Flat fee ONLY for buyers agents, with incentives to go under asking.
  8. @guineapigzed: Thief!
  9. @guineapigzed: You blackmail people.
You creep’
  10. @guineapigzed: It’s negotiable; no
  11. @Segurasbusiness: 3:30
5:40
10:30
17:15
  12. @donnadepasquale1986: It happens if the sellers are familiar with the  the process and u dont have difficult buyers. Congratulations 🎉🎉 the percent that succeeds is very low
  13. @TheOriginalThinker2.0: Technically the buyer pays for everything.
  14. @arribaficationwineho32: Just pay for MLS and do your own legwork.
  15. @arribaficationwineho32: Buyer pays buyer’s agent commission
  16. @TheHaratashi: I love the music! It relaxes me while I watch the video.
  17. @Northdallasguy00: If the buyer or their real estate agent won't suggest buying the house if you don't pay their fee fees, increase the price of the house by 3% and roll the cost into their mortgage
  18. @Northdallasguy00: That music has got to go
  19. @michellewilson-zh2jx: I’ve bought and sold 5 homes without an agent 
The hardest part is the paperwork a video going over the paperwork would be the best
  20. @pej7445: Good video.

- 2 On A Lot | Main House + ADU for sale in Glendora #homesforsale: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone. I'm about to show you two on a lot here in Glendora on Foothill Boulevard. And unlike some of the other cities, Foothill Boulevard here in Glendora is a little bit quieter because it's only one lane road instead of a two-lane road. I love this type of property because it's a good investment since you have two units on one lot. They're detached, as you can see, a main house and a detached ADU in the back. So, you could use that for extra rental income or possibly you could have a multigenerational living situation. But, let's take a look inside. And do not forget to reach out to me. My information is below. My name is Marcus Ibrahim and I help buyers and sellers here in Glendora and the surrounding area in San Gabriel Valley every day. And we have over 200 stars, 200 views with five stars each. You can check us out online. Just Google the words team Ibrahim. This is Foothill Boulevard right behind me. It's not too bad. I do have a couple cars driving by, but it's not too bad. I'm grateful to Caesar for allowing us to show this listing. Here's a nice front yard as you'll see. And the property looks like this. This is the main house. This is the back house which was an ADU. This is some new concrete that was poured recently. And I'm going to show you the pros and cons from my perspective as a professional agent. What I'd look at. There's some, you know, holes in the ground here as they work on the uh irrigation, which is not too big of a deal. I do like the landscaping. It's well cared for, trimmed nicely. The roof shingles look newer to me. The whole house looks like it was painted recently. Let's take a look inside. As you come inside, the floors are new. Paint is all fresh. It's in good shape. Front window is a little bit foggy, which means the gas seal is probably broken and needs to be replaced, but that's not a big issue. Just replace the panel. Nice looking fireplace. Here is the center TV hanging above the mantle. Central AC and heat as you see from the vents over there. This is the entrance as you come in. Here's the dining room as you come in on the right. I do like the way scing across the side, chair rails, and a nice arch here which adds some nice flavor. Let's start in the kitchen and then we'll go through the bedrooms and go to the back unit after that. Here you have a nice little breakfast nook. I should have opened up those windows to give you some more light, but I forgot. Here's a granite counters. This kitchen looks to me like it might be somewhere between 10 and 20 years old, but it's in really good shape. These are nice hardwood cabinets. They're not damaged. They're in great shape, and they'll last for as long as you need them to last, in my opinion. Newer appliances, stainless steel GE. This one is looks brand new profile. It's nice. And the kitchen leads into the laundry room. Side by side laundry, water heater, some more pantry closets. This leads to the back. we're going to go out in a minute. Here's a second bathroom. I shouldn't say second, but second bathroom in the main house, and it connects to a living area, which connects to a bedroom. Sorry, I'm going in a circle here. Let me go back to the front so you know what the layout looks like. We came in from that door. We I showed you the living room over there. I showed you the dining, breakfast, and kitchen over there. And now, as if we went back to the main entrance and came down the hall. First room on your left, you'll see, is a bedroom here. Two windows and a closet. On the right, you'll see this living area, which leads to another bedroom over there. I'm going to go there last. Down this hall, there's a linen closet here. We do have a shared bathroom here, which is quite spacious. Toilet, full size walk-in shower with a bench and some more storage there and a sink, large enough for a dual vanity if desired. And then as we head down the hall, another closet here. Just storage closet. This is a larger room in the back with its own closet. Two windows as well facing the backyard. And now I'm going to go back to this room that I mentioned a couple times. This looks like it maybe could have been a bedroom at one point. Now they've converted into more of like a second office sitting area. It does have closets, a door, light, another door, but that door leads to the bathroom. So, I don't know. I guess it could be a bedroom if you want. If you close this thing off, it be a bedroom. And then you have this other bedroom. This looks to me like it used to be a step down into a covered patio that they may have enclosed throughout the years and made it into another bedroom. So, this main house right now has three bedrooms. One, two in the back, and this would be three. Now, this room in which I'm standing could function as a fourth bedroom if you closed off this wall and made that the entrance. I guess now that I'm answering my own question, you'd have to enter this room from the outside. So, anyway, three or four bedrooms, which I think is sufficient for this front house. And here's the bathroom. Um, so this bedroom would have to use that one in the that bathroom in the hallway to shower. Now, these three windows I also forgot to open up for light. My bad. But they face the backyard, which is pleasant. Let's take a look. This is a nice little patio here. I do like that there's some drainage here. Channel drain to send the water out. Let's take a look at this ADU. I love this. This is one of the best things in California in my opinion for multigener generational living. By the way, I do like that there's drainage right there. The the the driveway slopes back here. And it also slopes from from the back. And this is the lowest point. And it drains through the wall. So, that's good. Now, this looks like it used to be a garage, maybe a two-car garage. And maybe they expanded it or something. Maybe it's a threec car. I don't know. It was a garage and then they converted it into an ADU which is great and it's brand new. We do have a mini split AC unit there to keep the place cool in summer and maybe warm in winter. And I forgot to turn on the light in this kitchen. Maybe there's no electricity yet. Anyway, this kitchen is brand new. Smells brand new. Looks brand new. This is where you would put your laundry right there. You have a nice little stove, a oven, stove, microwave, sink. This is all brand new stuff. It looks really nice. Solid wood, which is beautiful. stainless nice sink looking nice looking sink right here and this is where your refrigerator would go. That is the attic access. This is your bedroom. So you have a nice spacious bedroom with its own AC unit. So separate zone and a window to the front. And then this would be the bathroom. Nice modern bathroom. Spacious shower with a shower niche for your soaps and vanity over there. And this unit has its own private yard. So this is the private yard for this unit. That's the water heater. And then they they they fenced this off from the other yard, which we'll go to in 1 second. So this whole yard belongs just to the ADU, only to the ADU. So that's nice. Basically, your loved ones or your guests or your tenants can have a separate private space from your yard. Now, let's go take a look at the main yard. There's a gate right here. So this gate is open. Boom. Open. Walk into the main yard. Don't worry, some plumbing work over here. They added a clean out. That's good. And here's the main yard. This is a huge avocado tree. That is awesome. And it's full of little baby avocados. Look at this. Look at that little baby avocado hanging right there. Boom. Boom. Boom. Look at that. Yes. I love huge mature avocado tree, which would be very pleasant. Oh, look at the doggy next door. He's so nice. He's not even barking. He was looking at me earlier and didn't even bark. Nice doggy. All right, watch him bark right now. And a nice uh walkway to the gazebo. Uh that looks like a citrus tree back there. Beautiful gazebo here. Oh, what did I tell you? Hey, hey, hey, buddy. Hey. Say hi to the watchers. Say hi, buddy. Yeah, he's nice. All right. And forgot to mention another plus is that the electrical panel is labeled and it is a 200 amp panel, which is good news for you as a buyer. All right. So, tell me what you think. Let me know in the comments below. Reach out to me if you want to see a property like this one or if you want me to help you find something like this or if you want me to help you sell something like this. My name is Mark Ibrahim and I can't wait to hear from you. God bless you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LivinginGlendoraCA: Call/text Marcus at 626-605-1840 for more info or a private showing!

- Housing Market Revealed: 1 in 13 Shop Rent + Buy: Kind: captions Language: en If you've been out there looking for a home lately, you already know it's a jungle. But you know, a really fascinating new analysis from Zillow is shedding light on a surprising new strategy people are using to get through it. And it's kind of redrawing the lines in that age-old debate, right? This is the big one. It's the question everyone has to ask themselves at some point. Do you buy a place and start building that equity, or do you rent and keep your options open? For generations, that choice felt like a really clear fork in the road. For a long, long time, you just picked a path. You were either a renter or you were a buyer. But what this new data is showing is that the once clear line between these two journeys is starting to get really blurry. And it's all because of some pretty powerful economic forces. So, let's just quickly remember how things used to be, you know, the old divide. Traditionally, buyers and renters were basically in two completely separate worlds. Yeah, this quote from Zillow's senior economist Cara Ang really says it all. You pick your lane, buyer or renter, and you stayed in it. Thinking seriously about both at the exact same time? That was pretty rare. But oh, how that is changing. And that change brings us to this new kind of home seeker, someone who is basically forged in the fire of today's really tough housing market. We're calling them the dual shopper. And let's be clear, this is not just somebody casually daydreaming on their phone. A dual shopper is actively, seriously looking at homes to buy and places to rent all at once, weighing both of these options side by side. So, just how common is this? Well, according to Zillow's analysis, it's about one in 13 home shoppers. That's nearly 8%. So, we're not talking about a niche little thing here. This is a real emerging trend. And what's really fascinating is that these shoppers aren't just all over the place. They're being super practical. They are consistently looking for similar kinds of homes, usually three-bedroom places. So, what that tells us is their lifestyle needs are pretty much set. The real question, the one they're trying to solve, is which financial path can they actually afford to take to get there? So, what's driving this huge shift? Well, the answer is actually pretty simple. It all comes down to affordability. I mean, the financial squeeze in today's market is just fundamentally changing how we all have to search for a home. For these dual shoppers, the decision really boils down to some pretty brutal monthly math. So, let's break down the cost gap between buying and renting the exact same type of home. Okay, so on average, across the entire US, owning the kind of home a dual shopper wants costs about $415 more per month than renting a similar place. Okay, that's a noticeable chunk of change. But then you look at a really high-cost market like San Jose, California, and that gap just explodes to over $3,400 a month. I mean, that is a massive, massive financial hurdle. And that brings us to a really crucial point. This trend is not happening everywhere equally. Nope, it's most intense in the country's most expensive housing markets. It's creating this really clear geographic divide. So, let's look at the hotspots. Los Angeles is at the top of the list with 12% of shoppers looking at both buying and renting. And it's followed really closely by San Diego and San Francisco. The reason why is pretty obvious. In these cities, a typical mortgage payment would eat up about 2/3 of a median household's income. Renting, on the other hand, can cut that burden in half. But even among these super high-cost cities, there is one place that is just in a league of its own. New York City isn't just part of this trend, it's a total extreme outlier. The numbers in New York City are just staggering. Nearly 30%, 30, of home shoppers are also looking at rentals. To put that in perspective, that is almost four times the national average. In a city with sky-high home prices, where 70% of households already rent, this dual shopping strategy is practically the default way to do things. Now, just for some contrast, let's look at a more affordable market like Hartford, Connecticut. There, the share of dual shoppers is just over 4%. It's such a stark difference, and it just proves that this affordability gap is really the engine driving this whole phenomenon. So, what does all this add up to? Well, it's way more than just a trend. It really feels like a fundamental shift in how people find a place to live, and it's being driven by modern technology and just sheer economic necessity. And this quote from Karen A, again, it just perfectly captures this new reality. You can just picture it, right? People are literally on their phones, toggling between a house for sale on one block and a rental just around the corner, doing that real-time calculation about what makes sense for their money and for their life right now. At the end of the day, the rise of the dual shopper isn't some temporary fad. It's a permanent strategic shift in how we all have to approach the housing market now, with flexibility, with pragmatism, and with every single digital tool we can get our hands on. Which, of course, leaves us with this one big lingering question. As this behavior becomes more and more common, are we actually watching that traditional solid line between renting and buying just disappear for good?

- What should you know before buying real estate in Saudi Arabia?: Kind: captions Language: en Details are emerging on the new nonSaudi real estate ownership law which replaces a decades old law and is set to transform the real estate market in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia. What should a foreign home buyer be thinking about before starting this market journey? What are some things that that people should be doing now in advance of this law taking effect? >> I think if you are an international buyer looking at the Saudi residential market or the real estate market, I think you've got to ask yourself why you want to own real estate there in the first place. I think you've got to do your homework and understand that this is an emerging market and the level of data availability may not be the same as what you're accustomed to in your own home market. Um, and there's a lot of different data sources out there and you need to make sure that you're looking at something that's accurate, reliable, uh, available on a regular basis, uh, so that you know what you're stepping into. Aside from that, you need to familiarize yourself with the whole transaction process as well. So making sure you're working with a reputable agent uh perhaps one that has a presence even in your own home market. You need to understand what kind of financing expectations you are going to require. How are you going to fund that? Are you going to be able to secure a mortgage in Saudi? Will you have to do that in your own home market? What are the rules and regulations around capital repatriation if you're buying it as an investment property? Those are the sorts of basic fundamental questions that you would need to ask yourself before you enter this market. Uh with the change in the ownership laws, there is going to be stronger price growth in these investment zones uh than the rest of the city. So it should become increasingly more attractive to international to a greater pool of international buyers around the world. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @salahalselene4957 [8 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  2. @anam.caballerowilson9421: Need reliability and safety regulations.. Really loving the desert sun
  3. @anam.caballerowilson9421: wow. 😊

- Renting vs. Buying a Home: The 8.71% Rule: Kind: captions Language: hi घर किराए पर लेने वर्सेज़ खरीदने का कॉस्ट हमेशा सामने आता है। लेकिन बेहतर फ़ाइनेंशियल डिसीजन क्या है? किराए पर रहने में, कुल लागत वो रकम है जो आप मकान मालिक को देते हैं और जो कभी वापस नहीं मिलती। जैसे, अगर किराया दो हज़ार डॉलर प्रति महीना था, तो बारह महीनों से गुणा करने पर चौबीस हज़ार डॉलर प्रति साल होते हैं जो वापस नहीं मिलते। लेकिन, घर खरीदने की कुल लागत में मॉर्गेज पेमेंट (ब्याज और मूलधन) और हर साल मेंटेनेंस जैसे अन्य खर्चे शामिल होते हैं। तो सही तुलना के लिए, हमें जानना होगा कि दोनों ही स्थितियों में कितना पैसा कभी वापस नहीं मिलेगा? यह मूल विचार सबसे पहले बेन फेलिक्स ने पेश किया था, जो यूट्यूब पर कैनेडियन पोर्टफोलियो मैनेजर हैं। उनकी वीडियो "रेंटिंग वर्सेज़ बाइंग: द फाइव परसेंट रूल" इस वीडियो की प्रेरणा है, जिसका लिंक मैं नीचे दूँगा। पूरा क्रेडिट उन्हें जाता है। लेकिन उनकी वीडियो रिलीज़ हुए चार साल हो गए हैं, और आजकल, मॉर्गेज रेट्स अब बहुत ज़्यादा हैं। वो साढ़े छह से साढ़े सात परसेंट के बीच हैं। और इसलिए मुझे लगा कि इस टॉपिक को आज के समय के हिसाब से एक रिफ्रेश की ज़रूरत है। जो मेन चीज़ हम सॉल्व करने की कोशिश कर रहे हैं वो है घर खरीदने का कॉस्ट, और हमें उसे मंथली बेसिस पर लाना है। और इस तरह, हम उसे अपने... रेंट कॉस्ट से कंपेयर कर सकते हैं और पता लगा सकते हैं, कि हमारे लिए कौन सा ऑप्शन बेहतर है। थ्योरेटिकली, अगर हमारे घर खरीदने का मंथली कॉस्ट एक वैसे ही घर को किराए पर लेने से सस्ता है, तो हमें शायद किराए पर लेने के बजाय खरीदना चाहिए, और इसका उल्टा भी लागू होना चाहिए। अब, बेन कहते हैं कि घर खरीदने और इस पूरे मंथली कॉस्ट कैलकुलेशन को समझने के तीन कंपोनेंट्स हैं, और उसमें शामिल हैं प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स, मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट, और साथ ही मॉर्गेज पेमेंट। मॉर्गेज पेमेंट को दो घटकों में बांटा जाएगा जिन पर आज हम चर्चा करेंगे। हालांकि, ये सभी खर्चे घर खरीदने से जुड़े हैं, जो किराएदार को नहीं होते। सबसे पहले, प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स की बात करते हैं। प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स किसी भी प्रॉपर्टी पर लगता है। इसका मतलब है कि प्रॉपर्टी का मालिक होने पर, आपको सरकार या अपने राज्य को प्रॉपर्टी की वैल्यू का एक निश्चित प्रतिशत... हर साल टैक्स में देना होता है। यूनाइटेड स्टेट्स में, सभी रेजिडेंशियल रियल एस्टेट पर एवरेज प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स रेट एक पॉइंट एक एक परसेंट है। तो, हम आज के एग्ज़ाम्पल में उसी नंबर का इस्तेमाल करेंगे, और हम पाँच लाख डॉलर के घर का एग्ज़ाम्पल भी लेंगे। अगर आप कनाडा, ऑस्ट्रेलिया या यूरोप में रहते हैं, तो आज मैं एक स्पेशल टूल का लिंक दूँगा, जहाँ आप अपने नंबर्स डाल सकते हैं। आज की वीडियो के लिए, हम अपने उदाहरण के साथ ही चलते हैं। तो, इस तरह के घर पर, आप हर साल पाँच हज़ार पाँच सौ डॉलर प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स में देंगे। ये एक पॉइंट एक एक परसेंट है। और ये वो कॉस्ट्स हैं जो आपको कभी वापस नहीं मिलेंगे। अगला कॉस्ट है आपके घर का मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट। एक्सपर्ट्स सजेस्ट करते हैं कि आप अपनी प्रॉपर्टी की वैल्यू का एक से दो परसेंट हर साल सिर्फ मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट के लिए अलग रखें। अब, ये थोड़ा ज़्यादा भी हो सकता है अगर आपका घर बहुत पुराना है और आपको लगता है कि उसमें हमेशा मरम्मत की ज़रूरत पड़ती है। सिंप्लिसिटी के लिए, हम आज के कैलकुलेशन में एक परसेंट का इस्तेमाल करेंगे। तो, एक साल में पाँच लाख डॉलर के घर का हमारा मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट उसका एक परसेंट होगा। यानी, पाँच हज़ार डॉलर प्रति साल। ठीक है, तो अब तक, हमने प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स और मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट का पता लगा लिया है जो हमें घर खरीदने पर कभी वापस नहीं मिलेंगे, और ये प्रॉपर्टी की वैल्यू का लगभग दो से दो पॉइंट एक एक परसेंट प्रति साल होता है। ठीक है, तो अब आगे, हमें मॉर्गेज पेमेंट का कॉस्ट पता करना है। अब, बेन इसे असल में कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल कहते हैं। और तो इसका मतलब बस ये है कि इस घर में पैसा लगाने पर हमारा पैसा हमें असल में कितना कॉस्ट कर रहा है? अगर बीस परसेंट डाउन पेमेंट मानें, तो इसका मतलब है कि आप घर की वैल्यू के बाकी अस्सी परसेंट पर फाइनेंस लेंगे या लोन लेंगे। फिर से सिंपल नंबर्स का इस्तेमाल करते हुए, अगर हमारे घर की वैल्यू पाँच लाख डॉलर है, तो इसका मतलब है कि हम घर पर एक लाख डॉलर का बीस परसेंट डाउन पेमेंट देंगे और फिर बाकी के, चार लाख डॉलर को, शायद तीस सालों के लिए फाइनेंस करेंगे। ये सबसे कॉमन टाइप का मॉर्गेज है। तो यहाँ दो मूविंग पार्ट्स हैं। पहला है, डाउन पेमेंट का कॉस्ट और साथ ही लोन हमें कितना कॉस्ट कर रहा है। ये कॉस्ट ऑफ डेट है। एक कॉमन बात जो आप लोगों को कहते हुए सुनेंगे वो ये है कि आपके पैसे की एक अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट होती है। तो बेसिकली, जब आप एक लाख डॉलर डाउन पेमेंट में लगाते हैं, तो इसका मतलब है कि आप वो एक लाख डॉलर स्टॉक मार्केट में नहीं लगा रहे हैं और ज़्यादा पैसे कमाने के लिए। ये असल में एक काफी वैलिड कंसर्न है। और पहले, हमें ये पता लगाना होगा कि आपके डाउन पेमेंट की अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट क्या है। और ये कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल इक्वेशन का पहला पार्ट है। तो, डेटा के अनुसार, एस एंड पी फाइव हंड्रेड ने पिछले तीस सालों में इन्फ्लेशन के लिए एडजस्ट करने के बाद, सात पॉइंट एक नौ परसेंट का एवरेज रिटर्न दिया है प्रति साल। रेजिडेंशियल रियल एस्टेट, या यूनाइटेड स्टेट्स में पिछले तीस सालों में मीडियन होम प्राइसेज़, वो असल में एक पॉइंट नौ सात परसेंट बढ़े हैं इन्फ्लेशन को ध्यान में रखने के बाद। तो, मैंने इस सिचुएशन में जानबूझकर मीडियन होम प्राइसेज़ का इस्तेमाल किया क्योंकि अगर मैंने कमर्शियल या रेंटल प्रॉपर्टीज़ को शामिल किया होता, तो उससे रियल एस्टेट रिटर्न्स बहुत ज़्यादा हो जाते। और क्योंकि ज़्यादातर लोग एक घर किराए पर ले रहे हैं और फिर उसकी तुलना रेजिडेंशियल रियल एस्टेट से कर रहे हैं, तो हमें शायद रेजिडेंशियल रियल एस्टेट मीडियन होम प्राइसिंग का ही इस्तेमाल करना चाहिए। सरलता के लिए, अगर स्टॉक्स औसतन सात प्रतिशत प्रति साल का रिटर्न देते हैं, और रियल एस्टेट औसतन दो प्रतिशत प्रति साल का, तो अंतर लगभग पाँच प्रतिशत है। यानी, स्टॉक्स रियल एस्टेट से पाँच प्रतिशत प्रति साल बेहतर प्रदर्शन कर रहे हैं। अगर आप एक लाख डॉलर डाउन तो ये वो एक लाख डॉलर हैं जो हर साल पाँच परसेंट ज़्यादा कमा सकते थे अगर आपने उन्हें स्टॉक मार्केट में इन्वेस्ट किया होता। ये वो पैसा है जो आप कमा सकते थे अगर वो इस घर में इन्वेस्टेड नहीं होता। तो, हम जल्द ही यहाँ कुछ असली नंबर्स डालेंगे। लेकिन पहले, मैं बस इस कॉन्सेप्ट को समझाना चाहता था। ये कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल या मॉर्गेज पेमेंट के कॉस्ट का पहला पार्ट है। अगर आप यूएस में नहीं हैं, तो ग्लोबल या अपने देश के रियल एस्टेट रिटर्न्स गूगल करें, और उन्हें S&P 500 या अपने स्टॉक इंडेक्स से कंपेयर करें। मैंने पाया है कि स्टॉक्स आमतौर पर रियल एस्टेट से बेहतर परफॉर्म करते हैं, देश के हिसाब से, लगभग तीन से पाँच परसेंट तक। कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल इक्वेशन का दूसरा पार्ट वो कॉस्ट है जो इंटरेस्ट पेमेंट्स आपको कॉस्ट कर रही हैं, या, AKA, इसे कॉस्ट ऑफ डेट के रूप में जाना जाता है। आज के सिंपल कैलकुलेशन के लिए, हम मान लेंगे कि ये अट्ठाईस हज़ार डॉलर प्रति साल है। हम बस लोन बैलेंस टाइम्स प्रति साल का इंटरेस्ट रेट वाला सीधा मेथड इस्तेमाल करेंगे। और तो, ये हमें एक बहुत ही कंज़र्वेटिव बफर देगा ये पता लगाने में कि हम किस तरह के घर अफोर्ड कर सकते हैं और बस वो कौन से कॉस्ट्स हैं जो हमें वापस नहीं मिलते। ठीक है, तो अगर आप लोग अभी भी फॉलो कर रहे हैं, तो कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल है डाउन पेमेंट की अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट, जो हमने पता लगाया था कि एक लाख डॉलर का पाँच परसेंट है। वो है पाँच हज़ार डॉलर प्लस अट्ठाईस हज़ार डॉलर इंटरेस्ट पेमेंट्स में प्रति साल। ये टोटल तैंतीस हज़ार डॉलर का कॉस्ट है हर साल जो हमें वापस नहीं मिलता। परसेंटेज के रूप में, हम तैंतीस हज़ार डॉलर को घर की वैल्यू से डिवाइड करेंगे और वो छह पॉइंट छह परसेंट के बराबर होता है। अब जब हमारे पास वो सारे नंबर्स हैं, तो चलिए उन चीज़ों को जोड़ते हैं जिनकी हम पहले ही बात कर चुके हैं, प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स, मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट, और कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल, और हम एक सिंपल रूल पर आएँगे। उम्मीद है कि फॉर्मूला यहीं स्क्रीन पर होगा। और अगर नहीं है, तो आप मेरे एडिटर, रिकी को ब्लेम कर सकते हैं। आप उसे कमेंट्स में बता सकते हैं। मज़ाक कर रहा हूँ, वो शायद इसे देख लेगा। तो ये है, एक पॉइंट एक एक परसेंट का प्रॉपर्टी टैक्स, प्लस एक परसेंट मेंटेनेंस कॉस्ट, प्लस छह पॉइंट छह परसेंट कॉस्ट ऑफ कैपिटल, और हमारा टोटल है आठ पॉइंट सात एक परसेंट। हम इस आठ पॉइंट सात एक परसेंट को एक क्विक और आसान गाइडलाइन के तौर पर इस्तेमाल कर सकते हैं ये पता लगाने के लिए, कि घर खरीदने का कॉस्ट मंथली बेसिस पर कैसा दिखता है। यहाँ रूल ये है कि घर की कीमत लें, उसे आठ पॉइंट सात एक परसेंट से मल्टीप्लाई करें, और फिर उसे बारह से डिवाइड कर दें। ये आपके घर खरीदने का टोटल कॉस्ट है मंथली बेसिस पर। तो, अगर आपके एरिया में चार लाख डॉलर का घर है, तो हम उस चार लाख डॉलर के नंबर को लेंगे, उसे आठ पॉइंट सात एक परसेंट से मल्टीप्लाई करेंगे, और वो असल में आपको वहाँ घर खरीदने का एनुअल कॉस्ट देता है, जो है चौंतीस हज़ार आठ सौ चालीस डॉलर। अब, उसे बारह से डिवाइड करें और आपको मिलेंगे दो हज़ार नौ सौ तीन डॉलर। घर खरीदने के मामले में ये आपको मंथली बेसिस पर इतना कॉस्ट करेगा। तो, अगर आपके एरिया में चार लाख डॉलर के वैसे ही घर को दो हज़ार नौ सौ तीन डॉलर प्रति महीने से कम में किराए पर लेना सस्ता है, तो ये पलड़ा किराए पर लेने के पक्ष में भारी रूप से झुका देता है। मैंने गूगल शीट्स में एक बढ़िया कैलकुलेटर बनाया है जिसे आप फ्री में डाउनलोड कर सकते हैं। ताकि, अगर आप नंबर्स के साथ खेलना चाहते हैं, तो कर सकते हैं, लिंक नीचे दिया है। आप जिस घर को देख रहे हैं उसका प्राइस एडिट कर सकते हैं। वेरिएबल्स, अपनी डाउन पेमेंट आदि बदल सकते हैं। और कैलकुलेटर के आखिर में, वो आपको आपका ब्रेक-ईवन मंथली पेमेंट बता देगा। इस तरह, अगर मॉर्गेज रेट्स बदलते हैं या आप किसी दूसरे देश में रहते हैं, तो आप इस कैलकुलेटर का इस्तेमाल करके रेंटिंग वर्सेस बाइंग की स्थिति का अच्छा अंदाज़ा लगा सकते हैं। यह नियम बहुत सरल है और कई लोगों को पसंद आएगा, पर कुछ लोग इस पर आलोचना भी करेंगे। यह आपको मासिक आधार पर ब्रेक-ईवन पॉइंट समझने में मदद करता है, लेकिन इसमें कई कमियां हैं। कुछ ज़रूरी बातें भी हैं जिन पर हमें चर्चा करनी चाहिए जिनमें घर खरीदने का गणित शामिल नहीं है। पहली कमी जो मुझे दिखती है वो ये है कि इंसान अक्सर इर्रेशनल और कई बार इम्पल्सिव होते हैं। जैसे, कई बार मुझे पता होता है कि सात डॉलर की लाटे खरीदना कोई अच्छा आईडिया नहीं है, लेकिन मैं फिर भी जाकर उस पर पैसे उड़ा देता हूँ। सिर्फ इसलिए कि आपके कैपिटल का एक अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट कंसीडरेशन है, इसका मतलब ये नहीं है कि अगर आप वो डाउन पेमेंट नहीं करते हैं, तो किराएदार अपने पास मौजूद एक लाख डॉलर लेगा और उसे मार्केट में परफेक्टली इन्वेस्ट करेगा और अपनी अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट का फायदा उठाएगा। बेसिकली, इन्वेस्टिंग में बहुत डिसिप्लिन लगता है और आपको... काफी परफेक्टली खेलना पड़ता है। कौन कह सकता है कि वो किराएदार वो डाउन पेमेंट लेकर उसे ब्लैक पर नहीं लगा देगा, शायद जाकर 21 बना ले? 21 रेड? मुझे खुद नहीं पता मैं इस पॉइंट पर क्या बोल रहा हूँ, पर आप समझ गए। इंसान इर्रेशनल होते हैं और हमेशा परफेक्ट नहीं होते। तो, एक तो वो बात है। और फिर, मैं मॉर्गेज पेमेंट को एक तरह से फोर्स्ड सेविंग्स मेथड की तरह देखता हूँ क्योंकि आप अपना मॉर्गेज पेमेंट चुकाते हुए इक्विटी जमा कर रहे हैं? ये उन बहुत से अमेरिकन्स के लिए एक बहुत अच्छी बात होगी जो आम तौर पर सेविंग करने में बहुत अच्छे नहीं हैं। तो, आज इक्विटी बनाने के इसी टॉपिक पर, हमने इंटरेस्ट की कॉस्ट को बस मॉर्गेज रेट टाइम्स आपके लोन अमाउंट के रूप में बात की थी। असल में, मॉर्गेज की कैलकुलेशन इतनी सीधी नहीं होती। ये एमॉर्टाइज़ेशन शेड्यूल के हिसाब से चलते हैं, जहाँ शुरुआत में आप अपने मॉर्गेज पेमेंट का एक बड़ा हिस्सा इंटरेस्ट के तौर पर चुकाते हैं और इक्विटी में कम जाता है। लेकिन जैसे-जैसे आपका मॉर्गेज आगे बढ़ता है, समय के साथ, आप इंटरेस्ट में कम और इक्विटी में ज़्यादा चुकाना शुरू कर देते हैं। तो, बेसिकली, इस पॉइंट पर मुझे एक तरह से एहसास हुआ है कि आपकी कॉस्ट ऑफ इक्विटी और आपकी कॉस्ट ऑफ डेट हमेशा बदलती रहती है एमॉर्टाइज़ेशन शेड्यूल के वेरिएशन की वजह से। अगर आप इसे इस बात के साथ जोड़ दें कि, हे, पंद्रह साल के मॉर्गेज भी होते हैं, अलग-अलग तरह के वेरिएबल रेट मॉर्गेज भी होते हैं, तो हमारे पास बहुत सारे वेरिएबल्स हैं जिन्हें हम आज के सिंपल रूल में नहीं गिन रहे हैं। प्लस, तीस साल के आखिर में, इंटरेस्ट की कॉस्ट लगभग खत्म हो जाती है। उस पॉइंट पर लगभग सब कुछ इक्विटी ही होता है। ये आज हम जिस रूल की बात कर रहे हैं उसे काफी हद तक बदल देगा। और, साथ ही, ये खरीदने का रेंट करने पर एक और फायदा या अपसाइड है, जो ये है कि तीस साल के आखिर में, आपके पास असल में एक टैंजिबल एसेट होता है जिसकी वैल्यू समय के साथ बढ़ सकती थी। दूसरी तरफ, किराएदार हर महीने ये मंथली पेमेंट देता रहा है और वो उसके लैंडलॉर्ड की जेब और बैंक अकाउंट में जा रहा है और उन्हें उस पैसे का फल कभी नहीं मिल रहा है। तीसरी कमी जो मैं अक्सर इस रूल में देखता हूँ वो ये है कि ये हमेशा मान लेता है कि कंडीशंस बिल्कुल सेम हैं। इन्फ्लेशन किसी साल बहुत ज़्यादा बढ़ सकता है, जो... असल में बढ़ा भी है। या शायद आपका मॉर्गेज रेट डबल हो सकता है, या शायद आपकी इक्विटी की अपॉर्चुनिटी कॉस्ट बहुत अलग हो। ये निश्चित रूप से सोचने वाली बात है और इसीलिए मैंने कैलकुलेटर बनाया ताकि इसे हमेशा रिवाइज किया जा सके। आखिर में, हमने मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट डिडक्ट करने के टैक्स बेनिफिट्स पर तो बात ही नहीं की। तो, अगर आप यूनाइटेड स्टेट्स में हैं, तो आप अपनी इनकम के अगेंस्ट मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट डिडक्ट कर सकते हैं। अब, यूनाइटेड स्टेट्स में स्टैंडर्ड डिडक्शन तेरह हज़ार से चौदह हज़ार डॉलर प्रति वर्ष है एक व्यक्ति के लिए। तो, इसका मतलब है कि अगर आपके पास राइट ऑफ करने के लिए मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट के रूप में इससे ज़्यादा नहीं है, तो इसका कोई खास फायदा नहीं है। हालांकि, अगर आपके पास चौदह हज़ार डॉलर से ज़्यादा है, मान लीजिए, मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट में जिसे आप डिडक्ट कर सकते हैं, तो ये असल में मंथली बेसिस पर आपके घर के ओनरशिप की ओवरऑल कॉस्ट को कम कर देता है। आपको असल में ये नंबर्स खुद कैलकुलेट करने होंगे क्योंकि मॉर्गेज इंटरेस्ट और डिडक्शन के साथ बहुत सारे वेरिएबल्स आते हैं, जिसमें आपका टैक्स ब्रैकेट, आपका मॉर्गेज अमाउंट, और साथ ही आपका इंटरेस्ट रेट शामिल है। घर ओन करने के कुछ फायदे भी हैं जिनमें मैथ्स कैलकुलेशन बिल्कुल भी शामिल नहीं हैं! पहला ये है कि आपके पेमेंट्स प्रेडिक्टेबल और फिक्स्ड होते हैं, खासकर एक फिक्स्ड मॉर्गेज के साथ। क्योंकि आपका पेमेंट असल में बहुत ज़्यादा नहीं बदलता। आप असल में अपने मॉर्गेज पेमेंट के लिए सही-सही बजट बना सकते हैं। जबकि अगर आप किराए पर रह रहे हैं, तो आपके लैंडलॉर्ड किसी भी समय प्राइस बढ़ा सकते हैं। एक और फायदा यह है कि अपना घर होने पर आपके पास ज़्यादा कंट्रोल होता है। असल में, अगर आप अपनी प्रॉपर्टी में बदलाव या अपडेट करते हैं, तो लैंडलॉर्ड से पूछने की ज़रूरत नहीं। आपको अतिरिक्त सुरक्षा भी मिलती है क्योंकि लैंडलॉर्ड आपको सिर्फ इसलिए नहीं निकालेगा क्योंकि उसने अपनी प्रॉपर्टी किसी और को बेच दी है। मॉर्गेज ओन करने का एक और फायदा ये है कि इन्फ्लेशन आपकी मदद करता है। अब, मुझे पता है कि ये सुनने में थोड़ा उल्टा लगता है, लेकिन मतलब, समय के साथ उसकी कीमत कम होती जाती है। मैं एक एक्सट्रीम उदाहरण दूँगा, जो असल में नहीं है। मान लीजिए, पचास साल का फिक्स्ड मॉर्गेज था और आपने घर पचास साल पहले खरीदा था। अब, इससे पहले कि आप मुझ पर चढ़ें, मुझे पता है कि पचास साल का मॉर्गेज नहीं होता है और चालीस साल का मॉर्गेज भी बस एक मिथ है। लेकिन इस उदाहरण के लिए बस मेरी बात सुन लीजिए। तो, पचास साल पहले आपको एक पचास साल का फिक्स्ड-रेट मॉर्गेज मिलता है और आपका मॉर्गेज पेमेंट तीन सौ डॉलर प्रति महीना है। खैर, उस समय, तीन सौ डॉलर महीना आज के दो हज़ार डॉलर महीने जैसा था। हालांकि, इस फिक्स्ड मॉर्गेज पेमेंट की वजह से, आप लोन की पूरी अवधि के लिए अभी भी तीन सौ डॉलर महीना ही दे रहे हैं। और आजकल, मुझे आपका तो पता नहीं, पर तीन सौ डॉलर बहुत ज़्यादा नहीं लगते। ये असल में एक नॉर्मल तीस साल के मॉर्गेज के साथ भी होता है, बस एक छोटे, कम स्केल पर। और घर ओन करने का आखिरी और सबसे बड़ा फायदा ये है कि आपको अपनी होम वैल्यू में बहुत ज़्यादा कैपिटल एप्रिसिएशन देखने को मिल सकता है। मेरे एरिया के एक घर का ये उदाहरण देखिए जो इस साल की शुरुआत में बिका था। ये 1995 में पाँच लाख निन्यानवे हज़ार डॉलर में बिका था, और हाल ही में जनवरी में 3.23 मिलियन डॉलर में बिका है। इसने मीडियन होम प्राइस एप्रिसिएशन को कम से कम तीन गुना ज़्यादा आउटपरफॉर्म किया। होम ओनरशिप सिर्फ कॉस्ट्स और इन्वेस्टमेंट्स के बारे में नहीं है। अपना घर होना अपने आप में बहुत संतोषजनक होता है। और ये जानकर मन को शांति मिलती है कि रिटायरमेंट के लिए आपके पास एक घर है, खासकर जब आप इसे अभी ले सकते हैं, बाद में नहीं। मैं रेंटिंग के कुछ फायदे बताना चाहता हूँ। पहला है फ्लेक्सिबिलिटी। आप तीस साल तक एक घर से बंधे नहीं रहते। किसी वजह से, अगर आप अभी एक शहर में रहते हैं और अगले साल या महीने छोड़ना चाहते हैं, अपनी लीज़ जल्दी तोड़ना चाहते हैं, तो आप कर सकते हैं! अगला है, आपको टैक्स, मेंटेनेंस या ऐसी कोई लागत नहीं देनी पड़ती। जब आप किराए पर होते हैं, तो बस जगह किराए पर लेते हैं। शायद आपके पास रेंटर्स इंश्योरेंस हो और बस! ज़िंदगी इस मामले में बहुत सरल है। और आखिर में, रेंट करके आपको कुछ बहुत अच्छी एमेनिटीज़ का एक्सेस भी मिल सकता है। कुछ बड़ी बिल्डिंग्स, खासकर बड़े शहरों में। उनके पास डोरमैन होंगे, तो वो सिक्योरिटी के लिए अच्छा होगा। उनके पास जिम्स होंगे, उनके पास पूल्स होंगे। उनके पास.. बारबेक्यू करने और इवेंट्स रखने वगैरह के लिए अलग-अलग जगहें होंगी, और ये सब आपको तब नहीं मिलता जब आप एक घर ओन करते हैं। आज मेरा सबसे बड़ा टेकअवे यह है कि रेंटिंग वर्सेस घर खरीदने की बात आने पर आपको अपने नंबर्स कैलकुलेट करने की ज़रूरत है, खासकर अपनी लोकेशन के लिए। हालांकि, आज के कैलकुलेटर और 8.71% रूल के साथ, मुझे लगता है कि आप स्थिति को खुद समझने के लिए काफी फाइनेंशियली इक्विप्ड होंगे। यूनाइटेड स्टेट्स में अभी मॉर्गेज रेट्स इतने ज़्यादा होने के कारण, ऐसा लग रहा है कि घर ओन करने से ज़्यादा रेंटिंग कहीं ज़्यादा आकर्षक होने वाला है, खासकर इस छोटे, अंतरिम समय में। हालांकि, अगर आप किसी जगह पर पाँच से आठ साल से ज़्यादा रहने की प्लानिंग कर रहे हैं और आप असल में एक घर खरीद रहे हैं, तो मुझे लगता है कि एक इन्वेस्टमेंट के तौर पर उसमें सबसे ज़्यादा अपसाइड की सबसे बड़ी संभावना है। मुझे उम्मीद है कि आपको ये वीडियो हेल्पफुल लगा होगा। अगर लगा, तो इस चैनल को सब्सक्राइब करना न भूलें और मेरा अगला वीडियो भी देखें, जिसे मैं यहीं या यहीं छोड़ दूँगा। और, uh, मुझे कमेंट्स में बताएं कि आप लोगों को रेंटिंग वर्सेस बाइंग सिचुएशन के बारे में क्या लगा, और मैं आप लोगों से अगले वीडियो में मिलूँगा। पीस

  Top Comments:
  1. @humphrey [156 likes]: Here's that free calculator: 🏡 Rent Vs. Buying Free Calculator: https://beacons.ai/humphreytalks/freedownloads 

Also did you love the new Outro? Lmk your thoughts!
  2. @dax_megathor479 [1 likes]: 1:34 this is false. a renter DOES face these costs. as they are not just passed on to the renter, but passed on to the renter with a profit percentage for the landlord.
  3. @royneder351 [1 likes]: You can live cheaper than the home owner by getting arrested.  The question is, can you live in THAT house cheaper than the owner? No. You are going to pay all the owners expenses plus give him profit.
  4. @schop1177: Where in the US are property taxes that low??
  5. @patrik4446: Its such a pain in the azz to do either. Im struggling with the idea of selling because ownership will cost me 55k within the next 5-7 years. Thats just upgrades and repairs! My downstairs heatpump(carrier) died 7 days after its 10 year warranty had expired! So my upstairs has 9 months warranty left! I can only assume how shtty they make things now...it will be the same! Roof is 16k, insulation updates, porches, deck, paint, flooring etc. Rent is throwing away.....but so is home ownership! If you put 50k in a house and the market falls.......you lost 50k! Renting seems to be so easy! And lets not forget property taxes! They tax you.......to own property??? 😭 so ur Renting regardless!
  6. @JMXZY: This background music is very distracting and unsettling.
  7. @AmaraExplainsMoney: Very helpful breakdown of home buying!
  8. @Muyung-v1r: I agree, renting is good and cheap. But if the rent goes up, up & up. You can always sleep on the streets or go live with your parents.
  9. @KevinKupczyk-g4g: One caveat to that calculation is that paying down on a downpayment you have relatively secure profitabllity. 
Additionally when you have gains you are usually paying income tax on those (except qualified dividends) or long term gains. Which reduces your initial 7% yoy by 15% - 20%.
  10. @0000lmm: Condo / strata fees?
  11. @denizersoz7012: Money is not everything though. Owning a home and making it yours is just invaluable. Just dont overstretch...
  12. @catom960: Great video. You're greatly understating rent price inflation. I know you mentioned it with the "50-year mortgage" example but its actually a very huge concern especially in major cities where renting is a lot more prevalent. You could have easily given an example using today's numbers using cities like NYC, SF, LA, Boston, Houston, WDC and you quickly learn that rent inflation is high enough that if you can get through the first 5-10 years of initially relatively higher payments you're coasting from then on out.
  13. @duanemiller5606: This video kind of starts up with the dumbest statement ever when it says it’s a renter. You don’t have to deal with taxes, maintenance, and mortgage payments. The reality is you’re covering all of them. The rent on our house is generally higher than the payment on the house and this increased amount covers the maintenance, the taxes, and the mortgage along with profit to the homeowner. The real decision on whether to rent or buy should be based more on your own market and available funds based on your income. Big rule don’t buy a house that’s more house than you can afford. Buy a smaller cheaper house you can afford.
  14. @michaelrepovich3856: Don’t forget hazard insurance and hoa fees  - nice video
  15. @geidicalcagno: Wao❤ thanks.
  16. @ottisa.bailey1562: what about cash buy vs rent?
  17. @maybetnp: Once house is paid off, you live for free for the rest of your life.
  18. @amansaleh5946: Are there actually places out there where renting a home has a significantly lower monthly cost than the mortgage payment +taxes/insurance of an equivalent home? Don't get me wrong, i think this is a useful thought exercise if you are debating moving from an apartment to home ownership. But if you are looking for a single family home out of need, the monthly costs are very similar (at least in my area). Might as well lock in the monthly payment to protect against inflation and at least build a little equity. The only exception I see is you think you are only staying in the area for a year or two and are worried about recouping closing costs and realtor fees.
  19. @jappleseed6322: I always looked at home ownership as a diversification of assets in addition to being a roof over my head. I also refinanced and rolled the purchase of 20 more acres into the new mortgage using my equity. Land in my area has historically performed at a 6% annual appreciation. Again it’s diversifying and allowed me to plant several acres of black walnut, a 30 year investment. I would not have that opportunity if I had rented. Owning gives me more options. I can add a playground for my kids. When they grow out of it I can put in a covered grill out area and party area where the playground is and it will be mine.
  20. @uwebeltz: Thanks!

- Buying vs Renting A Home - Dave Ramsey Rant: Kind: captions Language: en okay I've had a couple of these calls in the last little while so I got stopping addresses for a second Dave the rents in our area are so high so much higher that I can buy a house so much cheaper a month not true you're not comparing apples to apples at least over a period of time it cannot be true economically and let me walk you through why because it's a basic concept but you know again this is the thing where we get scope creep a thing where we get justifying rationalizing buying the house when you're not ready to buy a house or buying a house you can't afford or buy a house in a situation where you shouldn't I loved homeownership I've always believed long-term owning home is one of the best plans you can have long-term but you need to do it in a wise way so the home is a blessing and not a curse and the stupidity that's out there in the culture including in some of the wonky think tanks it's like all home ownership is down Americans you know the the wealth inequality gap is widening it's difficult to buy a home yeah that's all true but broke people when they buy a home aren't blessed it makes them broker that's why they call them mortgage brokers and if a whole bunch of Piro people buy a house at one time you could bundle it and sell it on the hedge fund and later on is a regular mortgage block and actually crash the whole economy back to 2008 does anybody remember so it's not a good policy decision not a good macroeconomic decision to force people into buying homes or to encourage people to buy homes when they are broke now once you're ready to buy a home though and you're looking at rinse and you say rents are you know $1,500 a month but I can buy this house for $800 a month that is just not true long term and here's why it could be true for a moment in a boomtown where something's going on like the struck oil okay I mean you get in one of these boom towns you could have that happen but eventually a supply demand curve and economics will take effect and here's why landlords want to have renters and when there is an abundance of renters willing to pay ridiculous prices what they do is they start building rental property or buying property and turning it into rental property and so if there's a house on the market on the street and an individual can buy that house and it's $800 a month or an investor can buy that house and it's $800 a month and he can rent it for 15 and there's an abundance of renters out there is the reason the price has driven up there's a shortage versus the demand anytime demand is higher than supply prices go up okay when there's a shortage on something that's when prices go up in other words okay but what happens is the shortage corrects itself very quickly because those of us that are investors we want to tap into this hot rental market and so we go buy a bunch of property and turn it into rental property or build a bunch of property and turn it into rental property which raises the supply back up thus the shortage goes away so over time rents are not going to be double prices of a house price of a monthly payment on a house because investors that are willing to borrow money or willing to pay cash like I am will buy enough rental property to take advantage of the great rates of return that overpriced rent an overpriced rental market will do and it will cause the rental to come down or the value of the houses to go up and they so rent always approximates slightly above payments it always does over time and so when you call me up and say oh I can buy fifty percent of what I can rent no you can't you're looking you're not comparing apples to apples in the neighborhoods you can if you can buy you know because investors would have already gobbled that house up and doubled their money that's the point and that doesn't weigh with the shortage which causes the economics to balance out now again there might be a six month period of time where that is not true but long term in Missouri long term in Boise long term in Abilene that's what happens at a probably you know if there is a bit of a jump for one reason or another very quickly it will even out and most of the time it's already pretty even rent is going to be slightly more than payments on average because investors require renters to pay enough rent so they can pay their payment or so they can get a rate of return on the cash they have tied up like in my case I'm not going to tie up money at four percent return in a piece of rental property I got to get more rent out of it than that because I can make more than that on my money doing something else and so that's going to drive rental rates that's what we're talking about here and so these are always going to approximate each other now if you find rent that or if you find a house payments slightly less than rental that would be normal and it is not cheaper in that case so let's say you have a $1,500 rental rate and you have a $1,200 payment now that would probably be fairly accurate rent is always going to be a little bit more than payment but you're not paying when you're renting to put roofs on and fix heating and air and fix broken hot water heaters you're not paying the increases in insurance and increases in property taxes that come along until I renew your lease and then I'm going to bump up enough to cover that but that's the difference homeownership in a given year might be more expensive for you as a consumer than renting depending on the repair bill that you end up having and so there is no economic no mathematical excuse for buying versus renting until you're ready on the short-term on the long-term owning is always better than renting so you want to get yourself in a position that you own as you build wealth and as you head towards retirement that's going to assist you and with a paid for home and in building wealth but it does not assist you when you buy a home and you rationalize your little butt off just because you got house fever and your little friends are out there buying houses and your little family members are whining at you over Thanksgiving dinner about they bought a house and you and bought a house yet why didn't you bought a house because I'm freaking broke and I'm not gonna be broke soon because I'm on a budget I'm gonna get my debt paid off I'm gonna get my emergency fund in place so when I buy a house with a good down payment on no more than a 15 year fixed rate on no more than 1/4 of my take-home pay as a payment then I'm gonna buy a house and the house is gonna be a blessing not a curse I want you to own your house I don't want to own you and too many people rationalize their butts off they got student loans at Browns long we think they're a pet they got two car fleeces sitting in the driveway they got Master Card they've discovered bondage and American distress all the money comes in and all the money comes out and they've strapped themselves to a house on a thirty year adjustable rate mortgage and it's some of the lowest interest rates in my lifetime and I'm almost 60 years old if it's the lowest interest rates in 60 years where the flip do you think it's going to adjust up dummy up not down I mean where are you going from two point nine one point nine I mean really is this your set of assumptions on which you justified buying an adjustable rate mortgage that's dumber than a grubworm in a box of rocks that's stupid you're gonna get killed don't do that but we gotta have that one with a Jacuzzi in the skylight and I don't feel safe three streets over and we come up with all this crap that we used to justify and all this peer pressure the most expensive purchase you're ever gonna make for most people which is their house don't do that do it right so that your home becomes a safe haven and not a point of stress on your finances on your marriage and in your belly

  Top Comments:
  1. @DeniseChavis-f5g [2 likes]: A renter can’t make adjustments to the home and is always threatened with eviction
  2. @lachlanoneil8938 [1 likes]: those prices went up alot and the interest rates too and that didnt matter in the end
  3. @kookpatrol7490 [1 likes]: He was right
  4. @Farehaven [1 likes]: My Mom got 3% interest
  5. @nahun12 [1 likes]: Woahhh that accent or thing he did at 1:16 was crazy lmao😂
  6. @caturpin01: Regulators completely blew it at Canadians expense
  7. @LEAsalmanMOsalahallahLEAMHSAW: LEalisalman salah LEA
  8. @SunnahLiberty: 6:00 mark is why I have resigned to never owning a home. I do not have the FCF to replace an AC unit or put on a new roof. People all over and even Trump want to make unwise choices or encourage unwise choices all to have a false sense of security….a roof over their head but house poor. I live in Vegas and all the homes here I would basically have to pay 30-40% down to get to a manageable 15 yr mortgage. Some of us don’t have the luxury for job or family reasons to relocate our families 2,000 miles away on a dime either. Let’s leave the judgement to people like Dave who actually have proven they have wisdom to kick us in the ass when needed and teach us what to do.
  9. @jmavierpayne9726: 4:00
Convincing people not to buy a home is probably some of the worst financial advice I've ever heard given.... I would love to hear this argument with "cars" as the property and not a home... Please tell me more about how it's cheaper to rent a car monthly than own a car 😂😂😂
(Also the whole "replace a roof" fallacy is way overplayed--I'm sure Dave knows that you can do a home inspection before you buy a property and you know the condition of the roof ahead of time or every time when you buy a car do you think man how much would it cost to replace this engine block- literally 0%)
(PS. The same argument is that it's better to be an employee and not a boss, "it's hard to be a boss and it's just so easy to be an employee" thanks for the great advice Dave-😂😂😂)
  10. @abhijitkundu1879: Hey pal I reside in a property which is decent though but planning to convert from G + 1 to G + 2 lets see by the grace of god will do it on immediate convergence Jesus Christ the power of Christianity
  11. @abhijitkundu1879: Have complete faith on USA 🇺🇸 and Hyundai and other banking institutions whose o relation and coefficient and tied up with World Bank and world stock exchange
  12. @CrashOutTimer: Your I idiot my friend, 
Your not Estimating correctly in the 80s it went down 2 Percent for renting.
This is now where renting cost is more and wanted but who has those houses to rent.
And how much old heads like yourself buy up the houses and put on higher prices.
-
Your not helping your case how about you pop the bubble yourself with your rentals
Stop spreading miss Information on something as stupid as roof costs.
  13. @charleswagner284: Not true in this current market.
  14. @mariacorazonreyes484: To each their own. I’d rather rent, invest my money in stocks, and travel the world than be tied down by a mortgage, property taxes, and constant maintenance and repair costs.
  15. @ivancedillo8: It’s 2026 now the house mortgage cost more than rent
  16. @LadyJpraise2024unbound: 2026 and he was wrong.  Definitely dont agree with Dave.  He left out alot of truth to justify his belief system.  Definitely an arrogant man and a advantage taker
  17. @peat381low8: Dave in my area it takes a down payment of $250,000 on a $465,000 house to get payments to $2500 a month. My wife and I would need $10,000 a month to follow your rule. A down payment of only 20% payments would be $3900 a month and would force my family to make nearly $16,000 a month to make those payments comfortably. College tuition is insane, people are losing jobs now, who in the world is making $10,000-$16,000 a month to buy houses these days? Then your plan says put money into your children’s college fund. How can you not admit this is a bit much for the average american?
  18. @thomassciurba5323: I often disagree with him but the simple notion that being a landlord has to cover the cost of ownership which makes ownership a better deal makes perfect sense.
  19. @deannalarsen394: Buying a house is over-rated.  You pay 1.5 million for a 500k house, you pay property taxes, you pay house insurance, you pay for repairs, you pay for maintenance, you might have difficulty selling and then overhead costs while it is up for sale and then you pay fees, fee, and more fees when selling and buying.  AND, if you live in certain parts of Richmond, BC or Kamloops, BC in Canada THEN you might not be able to sell it at all because it of aboriginal rights to the land.  Owning is NOT always better than renting unless you can pay for it without having to get a mortgage.  I DON"T agree with everything that Dave Ramsey says.
  20. @JoeOutdoors: Google search ~ Total cost of a $100,000 home loan, $239,000.
If my math is right, that is a 139% gross profit off the money I have in the bank that pays me 1% for the bank to lend out and get 139% gross profit off of.


How much does it cost to have my loan payment automatically deducted from my checking account by a computer?


SO, if you have a home loan from the same bank you save and check at, you are getting raped twice.

Anybody else see the problem to affordability?

- Housing in Mexico: Why Renting is Smarter Than Buying! (10 Reasons): Kind: captions Language: en-US When someone talks to me about moving to Mexico, they'll mention culture, food, the beaches, people. But inevitably, a lower cost of living will always come up as a key reason. And it's true. As you saw in our last Mexico video, living in Mérida saves me a whopping $25,000 USD plus each year. Now, many expats see this savings and think, You know what? I want to lock in that savings, and I'm going to buy a house here in Mexico. I'm here to tell you that buying a property in Mexico is a terrible idea for most new expats. Buying a house here carries a ton of risk, and this risk is especially true if it's your first time living in Mexico. In this video, I'm going to run down the key reasons why new expats should avoid buying a house in Mexico and why renting is a better decision. If you miss out on this video, you might make a decision that will cost you tens of thousands of US dollars in the long run. And make sure you stick around for number seven because that one's a bloody shock. So grab a cerveza and let's get started. Hey, expats. I'm Marco Sison with Nomadic Fire with another fact-filled video guide to living your best life abroad. We bring you the best updated intelligence on expat life in different cities and countries overseas. With us, you get the unique perspective of having one source to compare, contrast, and catch life in the best retirement hotspots around the world. Here are the 10 reasons why renting is a better choice for expats than buying property in Mexico. First up is a lower initial investment. Renting typically requires a smaller upfront cost than buying. Most rentals only require the first and last month's rent along with a security deposit. Now, depending on the price of your rental, you're talking a few thousand dollars. Now, let's take a look of what happens if you're purchasing. We're talking about a significant expense. Besides potentially paying for a real estate attorney to review contracts, you're going to be paying close to 4% to 10% of the home's value in closing costs. Then if you decide to get a home, many Mexican lenders require 15% down payment, and then there are some lenders even demanding up to 30%. Here's your first insider tip, additional upfront rental costs. Depending on the city you're renting in Mexico, you may also be asked to provide an aval or a poliza jurídica. In Queretaro, for example, a poliza jurídica is common, but in Mérida, an aval is more likely to be required from. Now, you may be wondering what these words mean. An aval or a poliza are just different ways a landlord or a homeowner can protect their investment. An aval is typically someone you know in Mexico that owns a home and can be your guarantor in case you stop paying for rent. So if you leave the house in crappy condition, this person is going to be on the hook. Yeah, you may imagine being the new guy that just moved to Mexico and trying to a local friend willing to put their butt on the line for you like that is going to be pretty hard. Now, a poliza is a little easier. It's basically an insurance policy that protects both you and the landlord if you don't pay the rent or if you damage their house. Now, the good news is a poliza also protects you as the renter in case the house has any hidden defects or the owner reneges on their portion of the contract. The cost for a policy typically is 10 to 20% of one month's rent. If a landlord asked me for an aval, My initial negotiating position is, no, no way. I'm already paying a one or two month deposit, which should be plenty. But you should be prepared if you find a landlord that's going to be harder to deal with. If this landlord is going to be harder with the negotiation, might need to look at a different place. If their negotiating position is they're still demanding some insurance or additional deposit, I try to negotiate a poliza. They're easier than finding someone who's willing to put their property up as a collateral to guarantee that I'll make a payment. Reason number two, interest rates for home loans in Mexico are ridiculous. If you come from a low interest rate country like the US, you're going to be shocked when you see interest rates for foreigners in Mexico hit 9 to 12 %. Now, given that in the cities we were living in Mexico, the purchase prices for a two bedroom, two bath near the city center is around $250,000 to $350,000 US. You're going to be looking at a massive interest payment on your mortgage. I quickly ran the numbers through an online mortgage calculator just to get an idea. And wow, you would not believe I would be paying nearly $800,000 USD of interest for a 30-year mortgage if I bought a house here. Reason number tres. Lately, property prices in Mexico have been shooting up much faster than rents. Meanwhile, prices are cooling off in the US, but rents are still climbing. So when you compare the United States and Mexico, Mexico's price to rent ratio is generally lower, which means renting is a pretty good deal in many Mexican cities. For example, Mexico's price to rent ratio sits at around 157, while it's about 135 in the US. And this matches our experience, where we found a one bedroom housing in cities like Querétaro, Mérida, and Oaxaca, to be much less than the average price of a one bedroom in the US. If you want more tips like these, join our Expat Insights Facebook Group for your Insider's Guide to Living Abroad. Our community is where you connect, share, and discuss real expat life overseas. No clickbate videos or filtered Instagram post here. Just unbiased truth from people who made the leap. Click below to join because life's too short to wonder, what if? Reason number cuatro, better flexibility in renting. Renting allows for greater mobility and the opportunity to explore different areas in Mexico before committing to a specific location. We've already done test drives in living in Mérida, Querétaro, and Oaxaca, and this doesn't even count how many times we've changed neighborhoods in a given city once we realize that a specific barrio just didn't fit our lifestyle. Now, you don't get to really change your mind easily as a homeowner. Look at point 10 down below. Here's your next insider tip. Even popular expat hotspots like Mérida isn't for everyone. Now, I know, I get it. No destination is a perfect Goldilocks city for everyone, but this seems especially true for Merida. People from the US or Canada come here in December or January to escape that dismal cold winters in the US and think, Wow, Canada is so amazing. Let's move here. But they don't realize how ridiculously hot it gets here around May or June. Think about 100% humidity and 100 degree heat in a concrete city with blazing sun in no shade. While I don't have the numbers to back up how many expats leave Mérida, I know enough people to say that the number is not small. And this is not a put down on Mérida. I'm just making a point that renting gives you a lot more leeway to make adjustments if it's your first time living in a new city. If you're a homeowner, leaving just because you can't handle the heat, dust, or noise in Mexico is going to be much more complex. Numero cinco, less maintenance responsibilities. Renters should not be responsible for repairs or maintenance, which can be a of sling around the homeowner. Maintenance isn't just a matter of unclogging toilets or tightening leaky faucets. I mean, you're going to need to make major repairs on appliances, you're going to need to fix a leaky foof, or you may need to fix a pool that doesn't work in properly. As a general rule of thumb, real estate experts estimate annual maintenance costs for a house using 1% of the home's value. For a $250,000 USD home, that translates to an additional $2,500 USD of yearly repairs. As a renter, landlords typically handle these issues, allowing you to avoid the stress and unexpected repair costs. Now, notice I said should because you need to make sure how maintenance is clearly spelled out in your lease agreement. Number six. In the US, most home buyers argue that mortgage payments are fixed while rents can increase. However, homeowners do not consider maintenance and home repairs. Remember when I said that real estate experts estimate annual maintenance cost to be about 1-2% of the home's current value? Well, guess what? As home values increase, so do the costs of repairs. Now, as I mentioned above, renting can mean a lot less hassle. Our rent included weekly housekeeping, pool maintenance, bi weekly landscaping, and all utilities included except for electricity. And because of the next point below, if you're worried about increasing rental prices, just sign a long term contract and fix the price. Number seven, rental laws favor the tenant in Mexico. Unlike most US cities, Mexico has much stronger rental protection laws. As long as you keep paying your rent on time and don't violate your lease terms, your landlord cannot kick you out. In the US, breaking a lease usually involves penalties and potential legal fees, but you could theoretically move out any time in Mexico. Now, you would obviously lose out in your deposit, but the landlord is going to have little recourse in getting you to pay for the rest of the contract. This protection is why many Mexican landlords insist on getting notarized rental contracts or deposits or the avals or the poliza jurídicas that I discussed earlier, just to reduce some of the risk. Numero ocho. Renting is just a less complicated process. Now, this one isn't unique to Mexico. Just like in the US, the rental process is generally much simpler than purchasing a property, which is going to involve lengthy legal and financial procedures. We can find a house to rent, sign a contract, pay the initial fees, and move in the same day. However, the complexity of buying a property in Mexico is much more difficult. Choosing a house and closing on a house is typically measured in weeks or months, not days. Renting allows you to avoid the complexities of buying property and figuring out local real estate laws and regulations in a foreign country where English is not the legal language. Here's another insider tip - notarios. When it comes time to sign contracts, you may come across the term notario, which sounds very similar to notary. But unlike notaries in the US, Mexican notarios are specialized attorneys with much broader legal authority. They're actually considered quasi judicial officials in the real estate transactions. A notario here in Mexico is going to authenticate, transact, and record all official property ownership changes. However, while a notario is a real estate attorney, they are not your attorney. Their plan is to stay neutral. So if you want a lawyer that looks after your interest, you're going to need to hire a separate Mexican attorney to view all your real estate transaction and contracts. Number nine, renting is just a better investment. Remember point three where I talked about how renting is cheaper than buying? Well, you can take that savings and put it towards your retirement fund or other investments without tying the capital up in real estate. Especially if you plan on taking a home loan with 12% interest, you will likely get a much better financial return by saving that big down payment and investing it in S&P 500 ETFs. Remember that 15 to 30% minimum down payment most Mexican banks require on a 30-year home? Well, let's say that down payment was roughly $50,000 US dollars. If you had invested that $50,000 down payment into a simple S&P 500 ETF, you would have over $1 million. Here's the last reason. It's just an easier strategy. Selling a home in Mexico is much different than in the US. First of all, there's no MLS-like central database of all available properties for sale, so it's just harder to find properties and buy and sell. Second, in many Mexican states, you don't even need a license to call yourself a real estate agent? This is not like the US or Canada where agents have accreditation and training and licensing. Here, it's literally the Wild Wild West. Now, there have been some states in Mexico that have started licensing agents. Still, even the President of the Mexican Association of Real Estate Professionals admits that only 10% of the people who offer real estate services have any proper training, professionalism, or certification to advise on real estate investments. Basically, all of what I just said adds up to a difficulty in selling. The time it takes to sell a property in Mexico is typically measured in months. Now, if your circumstance has changed, since your job gets relocated or you have health concerns, or even it's just personal preferences, if you're renter, you can just typically end your lease early. However, if you own your home, you could be stuck for months and months paying for a mortgage while looking for a buyer. Look, I get it. Retiring in Mexico sounds terrific. You're already counting the money you're saving and tasting the pork carnitas taco juice dripping off your chin. But moving here is not a decision you make blindly. Renting in Mexico gives you better financial flexibility, more financial protection, and peace of mind that new expats need. So before you jump into buying a new property, take the time to explore, understand the local markets, and protect your nest egg. Now, before we sign off, why don't you comment below, are you team rent or team buy? I'd like to see which housing option you most gravitate towards. And next, hit that like and subscribe button to turn on the notifications so you'll be notified when we drop our next video on the biggest culture shocks we experienced adjusting to our life in Mexico. Until then, hasta luego from Mexico...

  Top Comments:
  1. @NorthSouth88 [10 likes]: Buying in Mexico is a wonderful idea. Renting is for people who cannot afford to buy.
  2. @agl5132 [6 likes]: I have gotten great deals from Airbnb owners in not only Mexico but Europe as well. Many will offer you the option to rent month to month and pull the rental off Airbnb. Once they see you would be a good, quiet, clean renter. They no longer have to pay the constantly rising Airbnb fees and your rent price will often decrease to reflect this.
  3. @zx5218 [4 likes]: Thank you for not being a realtor in disguise and trying to sell me something.  Your video was very helpful.  Gracias !
  4. @WheresYvetteNow [3 likes]: I totally disagree with this-I intend on paying cash for my home. Buying is ALWAYS better than renting
  5. @oaktownist [2 likes]: I’m Mexican American born and raised in California my wife is from Philippines we own a house in California. Our plan is to sell in the next 2-5 years since we’re still young and working and not old enough to retire yet. Throwing around the idea of buying or renting in both countries plan to spend 6 months in Philippines and 6 months in Mexico basically escaping America. My concerns that haven’t been brought up is the extreme weather conditions, rain, typhoons hurricanes, heat etc that can damage housing and raise maintenance costs any input on that???? Kind of came to a conclusion that renting would be easier and less stressful especially in a foreign country any input or thoughts????
  6. @polaksimone [2 likes]: Team rent
  7. @hadiyahalkauthar [1 likes]: San Cristóbal de las Casas, Chiapas, is beautifully cool all year round, due to its altitude. It is also one of the most beautiful "pueblos magicos"  in Mexico, as well as being one of the cheapest. We actually lived in Merida, Valladolid and other towns in Yucatán during our first year in Mexico, so I know what I am talking about.
  8. @TimColwill-d7j [1 likes]: I only want to rent but I don't climb stairs so I need a master bedroom down.
  9. @Gabi-t6d [1 likes]: Salinas, CA
  10. @Sogal60 [1 likes]: What if you are paying cash to purchase your home?  Is there any fine print?
  11. @JamesMcCarthy-q8t [1 likes]: I was thinking about moving to Mérida.. Is the heat really that bad? Are there good, more expensive neighbourhoods in Merida that don’t flood and have green space?
  12. @Anthony-xi3cb [1 likes]: Yeah, thanks bro. Good video. I've come to the same conclusion. I got my RT last November and will be retiring soon. Having been a 30 plus year homeowner in the states, I kind of look forward to letting someone else do the maintenance. But the biggest reason to rent in my opinion: Mexico is a very big and wonderous country, and while I tend to fall in love with particular locations, I would love to fall in love with as many locations as possible before this life is over.  Thanks again, new subscriber.
  13. @rickyanaya [1 likes]: Great points...plus I like that I can change my mind and move elsewhere should that area not suit me due to allergies, single life or ???
  14. @pastorkimberly [1 likes]: My concern for buying in foreign country ? Not sure about hidden laws. I’ve heard some lands are government property from years ago. 
Also laws can change anytime towards expats when you want to sell your property . Tax ? 
Also feel there are restriction and laws like no smoking in any public place . Although I do not promote smoking but to me it’s too over arching control . I heard that digital Id Ans biometric required to work ?
Not sure if I will be working but I am reluctant besides all the other stuff like language . Hot weather etc
  15. @peterbedford2610 [1 likes]: I just want to rent for three months. Is contacting airbnbs the best route?
  16. @danielpavia969 [1 likes]: Or is it better to build a house  then rent a house or buy a house
  17. @NorthSouth88 [1 likes]: Renters cannot afford to buy so they rent. The low income crowd always say this
  18. @Lbb789 [1 likes]: These are the reasons we haven't bought here. We actually negotiated a rate DECREASE for the next 18 months where we live. Unheard of in the USA or Chinadastan. Also the rental process took just 24 hours. Super simple and easy, Plus we can move around. Can't do that once you actually bought something....unless you rent it out, which takes time and is not steady.
  19. @throwaway395: Marida?
  20. @ernestomytv: Renting is leasing and Buying is long term 10 plus years

- Renting vs Buying a Home: The Lie You’ve Been Told: Kind: captions Language: en I'm a multi-millionaire and I rent my house in fact I've rented for 20 years and I've made more money renting then I would have owning a place but should you do the same in fact should you rent or buy your house a lot of us have been told buying is the best thing ever build equity renting is throwing your money away I think that for the biggest purchase of Our Lives we need to go into more detail so in this video I'm going to give you four specific steps to break down if you should rent or buy with an exact address so you can follow along with the analysis and I'll give you a clear set of rules to make sure you make the right decision for you starting with step number one change your mindset around renting the first thing I want you to do is to accept the fact that yes renting can make Financial sense in a lot of cases and if you're going to truly use this video to come to the right decision I want you to understand why people do not like to even think that renting can be a good financial decision because we have been told renting is throwing your money away but I'm going to prove this to you with actual numbers let's take a look at a specific unit that has been both bought and rented 776 Bryant Street in Palo Alto California this is a two- bed two bath 1,521 ft condo it was sold in 2018 for $2.15 million now this is pel Alto it's extreme expensive now I'm starting with this example in Palo Alto because you're going to see the numbers and they are insane but don't just think that because Palo Alto is expensive this only applies there you're going to learn how to do the analysis so you can try it for your own City by the way if you look online you can see that the current price estimate has decreased by $154,000 since it sold now that's just an estimate we don't really know what the sale price would be today but you have to remember that prices go up and prices go down unfortunately we really only talk about when prices go up let's take a look instead of being worth $2.15 million it's now estimated at $1.9 million again just an estimate if you put 20% down at the current average interest rate for mortgages of 7% you'd pay about $106 a month on your mortgage alone okay just the mortgage now that we know how much this place would cost to own let's see how much it would cost to rent if you were to rent this same unit it would cost you $5,400 a month which is exactly what it rented for in January of this year that's about half of what it would cost you per month to own and that's not even factoring in what I call Phantom costs of ownership things like maintenance or closing costs or all kinds of hidden or counterintuitive fees that would make renting an even better financial decision okay now we see it black and white it is clear that sometimes renting can be a better financial decision let's move on to step number two understand the myths around housing after you've acknowledged that renting can sometimes be a better financial decision the next thing you got to do is get to the bottom of a lot of housing myths now you've heard these repeated so many times that a lot of people actually just believe them but I want you to go deeper I want you to stop being trapped by these myths that might not actually be true buying a house in America is rarely a carefully measured purchase in my estimate less than 5% of people carefully run the numbers instead most of us make the biggest purchase of Our Lives based on what we think we should do based on how we feel based on what we have been told by some random person these expectations and myths surrounding renting and Home Ownership are so heavily embedded in our culture that almost all of us believe they're simp simply true it's caused so many people to buy a house when they're not ready or worse when it's not even the right choice for them let me break down three common housing myths for you so we can get to the truth myth renting a house means you're just paying your landlord's mortgage all right let me explain how people think landlords operate they think a landlord owns a place that cost them $1,000 a month so they go $1,000 a month let me add on 10% for profit they're paying my mortgage I could go on vacation cuz of my tenants listen your landlord can only charge you what the market will bear they cannot simply take whatever they bought add on a profit margin and go if they could do that why would they stop at 5% or 10% why wouldn't they go to 15 or 100% the answer is they can't simply charge you whatever they want sometimes landlords make a profit sometimes they lose money A lot of times they don't even know how much their costs actually are please stop thinking of landlords as these omniscient observers who know all their numbers no you don't even know how much that roof repair cost you you don't know how to amortise that over 11 years you're just charging whatever the market will bear and if they don't like it if there's one month of vacancy wiping out your entire Year's profit they go oh it's so hard oh government protect me this myth has led to so many people rushing into a house because they think someone else is getting the better end of a bargain myth if you're paying rent you're throwing money away well I like to have a little fun with this topic so I posted a question on Twitter I said hey I spent $30 on dinner in New York great food great service I plan to go back did I throw money away on dinner and wouldn't you know 95% of people said no RIT that sounds like great then I said hey I spent $6,000 renting an apartment last month in New York and for the last 10 years good location good views good roof I plan to keep renting did I throw money away notice this time it wasn't 95% it was only 81% who said no in other words 19% % of people said you threw money away what do you notice virtually everyone agreed that when I paid for dinner it was worth it but when I said I rented an apartment suddenly 19% of people thought that I threw money away on rent but I'm not throwing money away on rent I'm paying for a roof over my head I'm paying for a great view I'm paying for somebody to fix issues so that I don't ever have to go to Home Depot in my life that's a rich life when you pay rent you are paying for Value when you go to a restaurant you are paying for Value the value of knowledge of cooking the dishes someone to clean the dishes and service the same concept applies when you pay for essentially anything you're not throwing money away on rent just as you're not throwing money away at your local restaurant myth you need to buy a house cuz you're building equity in America there's a magic word it doesn't matter how much it doesn't matter how to get it we don't understand anything about it but we love it and it's called Equity I get a lot of criticism because people think I ignore Equity I don't ignore Equity I actually understand it now yes it is true that you can build equity with a house but it actually takes a long time and there's a phrase in real estate don't pay a dollar to make a dime let me show you what I mean I'll use the same address from our first step let's assume that you have a 30-year mortgage at $1.59 million at 7% interest look at this amortization table something that 99.999% of Americans have never even heard of this is showing you how much you are paying in principle in other words Equity versus interest on your loan you can see that it takes 21 years for you to start paying more towards principal than to interest so we might actually say I don't want to waste money on interest do you see how ridiculous these myths are by the way I'll link the amortization calculator in the description for you you should put your own numbers in there and play around you're going to be shocked remember these myths and why they are untrue and you'll be much more likely to make a choice that's right for you I encourage you to really take some time to decide if buying a house is right for you at this current season of life and if that is a rich life if it is amazing I support you buying a house is the biggest financial decision you'll ever make and it's also a lifestyle decision you have to factor in all these things but what I'm specifically focused on here is helping you run the numbers here's some good non-financial reasons to buy a house you have kids you want to stay in that school district or build memories in a certain house your parents are moving in with you you want to design a house together with your spouse you love repairing and tinkering your house and renovating it or you just want to notice what's not on this list you need the price of the house to go up I'll repeat myself again buying a house doesn't always mean Building Wealth so Factor it appropriately buy for the right reasons now before we move on to step three hit that subscribe button and turn on notifications I want to keep sending you new videos with real numbers including money psychology going forward and thank you very much for watching all right now that you've stopped believing all those common housing myths that brings me to step number three run the numbers for renting versus buying so far you've learned that renting some times can be a better financial decision than buying you've stopped believing these harmful housing myths and now we get to do something near and dear to my heart run the numbers now before buying a house you should always run the numbers and no I don't mean asking your freaking broker how much you can afford you should treat your broker like you should hold him out arms length away I don't I trust a broker as far as I could throw him oh broker's so nice broker wants to make money from you okay broker's using you to pay for their BMW do not ask your broker how much you can afford they're not the person to ask run your own numbers now very few people do this a lot of people get mad at me at even suggesting you should run the numbers why cuz housing always goes up in America you freaks let me explain how this works somebody sees two houses one of them is a two-bedroom house renting for $2,000 next door is a house that costs $2,000 a month for the mortgage what would you do almost everybody goes I'll get the mortgage cuz I'm building equity not so fast they forget to factor in 30 to 50% of phantom cost things they didn't even consider closing costs maintenance opportunity cost transaction costs Renovations and on and on most people do not realize the total cost of ownership TCO until they've already bought the house and I don't want that for you that is why I'm constantly reminding you rent is the maximum you will pay pay but a mortgage is the minimum you will pay now to figure out your total housing cost when renting it's pretty easy it's your monthly rent plus your utilities like electric water internet whatever utility bill your landlord charges sure feel free to factor in other things if you have somebody come and clean your house once a month Etc Factor it all in but basically that is your housing costs on the other hand your total housing costs when you own include not just the ordinary costs but also the fan cost that people often forget about let's break them down your principle this is the part of the payment that goes towards paying down your principal closing costs buyers can expect to pay roughly 2 to 5% of the purchase price on closing costs interest you saw that in the amortization table that can be quite High over the course of a 30-year loan property tax which by the way can increase and sometimes dramatically like we see in States like Florida Insurance maintenance is one that most people totally neglect it doesn't show up in most calculations this is a cost to maintain the home including utilities yes but also the roof repair that happens 8 years from now and that's not even broken yet you have to actually factor that in a simple guideline to use is 1 to 3% of your purchase price every year in maintenance then of course we have additional fees like HOA condo fees Etc don't forget transaction costs like when you sell and renovation which Americans love to do and then they deceive themselves by saying it's an investment you almost never make your money back on Renovations so to calculate your total housing cost if you own add up the monthly cost of all of these items and you can see even without any numbers that owning can cost a lot more now let me show you a quick and easy way to run the numbers we're going to use the same unit I talked about earlier 776 Bryant Street in paloalto California now I'm going to pull up the New York Times rent versus buy calculator I love this calculator because it has so many variables you can play around with makes it really easy to see if buying or renting is right for you and I'll link to it in the description below after plugging in that lower price of $1.9 million to buy and the $5,400 a month to rent without factoring in anything else we can quickly see that it never makes Financial sense to buy this property in fact over 10 years you would save $900 ,000 renting that's why when I post these funny pictures of me eating all this food and traveling and stuff I go so glad that I can afford to travel here because I'm not throwing money away on interest and then everybody on the internet gets mad because they don't know how to run a single calculation and then I'm just sitting there chomping on my pepperoni pizza going what's the problem guys this calculator automatically sets how long you plan to stay in your house to 10 years but it actually turns out that the average amount of time people spend in their home is is only 8 years so I've reduced that number to eight now let's look at the loan details the current average 30-year fixed rate mortgage in the US is around 7% so I've updated that to 7% on the calculator and just to be conservative we're going to put a 20% down payment now a lot of people do not do this I believe you should be able to before you buy let's put 20% just to be conservative you can see that renting saves you $691,000 over a years you can see that by adjusting those numbers slightly it didn't really make much of a difference it still makes more financial sense in this case to rent before we go on just remember this why is this so counterintuitive because every month people pay their rent and they feel like they're losing a little piece of their soul I don't I go amazing cuz I can invest literally thousands of dollars per month and make even more than I would have owning all right let's keep going let's factor in something a lot of people forget about maintenance as I mentioned which is usually 1 to 3% this unit is in California in a very expensive city I'm going to actually be conservative and change the maintenance to 2% realistically I think it's probably more than 3% but let's just keep it at two after factoring that in you can see buying this house cost you more than $800,000 over 8 years makes no Financial sense to buy this property now let's factor in another thing that very few people do the the opportunity cost of investing your down payment what I mean by that is just let's say that your down payment was $100,000 what if we took that $100,000 and simply invested it in the market let's assume we make 7% That's a conservative estimate whoa that amount you would save by renting just shot up to $1.1 million over 8 years again we're factoring these things in one by one renting saves you 1.1 $ million over 8 years now you can keep going there's so many more variables you should include but you can see that just by using the simple New York Times rent versus buy calculator to quickly run the numbers it never makes Financial sense to buy this property now a lot of you going well what what about Equity REM what about Equity at the end of 30 years I own the place first of all you're not going to stay there for 30 years very few people do I hope when you buy you stay there for a long time because that's when you really start to build actual Equity second if you rent you need to be inv investing that is the key to the entire thing if renting makes better Financial sense you still need to invest that's where real wealth is created so use this tool to run the numbers yourself play around with the different variables play around in your own City I want you to become really good at this okay you understand that renting can be a better financial decision you've decided if buying or renting is right for you and now you've run the numbers now it's time for step four figure out if you are ready to buy okay listen up closely to this part the actually two very important questions that I want you to ask yourself to decide if you are actually ready to buy I don't want you to get into trouble by skipping these questions I want you to walk into the biggest purchase of your life ready to go now I'm about to show you how you can calculate whether you can afford a house how much you should put down and how to even save for your down payment but sometimes especially if you have a more complex situation you want to know exactly how much you can afford for a house and how that one decision will affect your finances 5 years from now 10 20 30 years years from now you want to know all different kinds of scenarios and how they're going to play out for your finances this couple I just spoke to on Tuesday Rob and Adrian came to me with a lot of very specific questions about their financial situation and they're close to retirement age they want to know how their decisions such as renting instead of owning and traveling Etc would affect their retirement so I actually reached out to our partners at facet a financial planning service that offers a flat fee membership and asked if they could run some scenarios for my guests we sent their net worth income expenses Social Security Insurance everything and facet put together three scenarios for how and when they can retire it was really cool really specific if you are nearing retirement or you have a complex financial situation that you want a second set of eyes on consider reaching out to the planners at facet instead of taking a percentage of your portfolio they charge an affordable flat membership fee check out their new membership options at facet.gov description now back to the two important questions you need to ask yourself to know if you're actually ready to buy question one can I afford to buy a house based on my income and debt I want to give you a little tool to use your total housing cost should be less than 28% of your gross monthly income or your total income before taxes and your total household debt shouldn't exceed more than 36% of your gross monthly income this is referred to as the 2836 Rule now let me talk about that 28 part because it's really hard these days especially in expensive cities to hit that number sure you can stretch it to 29 or 32 or even 34 but the more you stretch your housing costs the more risk you are taking and you can become overwhelmed with expenses very quickly if something goes wrong like an unexpected repair or a job loss now let's talk about the 36 part if your total household debt exceeds more than 36% of your gross monthly income you might have difficulty getting a mortgage from lenders more importantly you're putting your household at risk too much debt can sink you it's like swimming with too much weight on your back so to see if you can afford to buy a house based on your income and debt let me break down the numbers for you total housing costs divided by your gross monthly income equals your monthly housing costs just multiply that number by 100 to get your percentage is it lower than 28% it should be let me show you an example let's say your total housing costs are $1,120 a month and you make $4,000 1,120 divided by $4,000 equals 2828 * 100 that's 28% now couple of things I want to point out here first of all that total number it says total housing costs are $1,120 a month total does not just mean your monthly payment if you own it's the sprinklers it's the occasional repair it's even the gas to get to Home Depot it's all of it okay second this number says 28% ideally you would be a little lower than that so you have some margin although again in high cost of living areas like New York LA or frankly a lot of cities these days most people have gotten above this next calculate your 2836 number see if your total monthly housing cost plus your total debt load would be lower than 36% of your gross monthly income that means factoring in things like credit card debt student loans car loans all of it the more debt you have the riskier it is to lend to you and that means you might not be able to get a home loan but more importantly you're putting your household at risk here's how to calculate it amount of monthly debt you owe divided by gross monthly income equals debt to income ratio multiply that number by 100 to get your percentage the lower the number is the better the 2836 rule says that you should ideally have no more than 36% of your debt to income ratio here's an example let's say that you're spending 28% of your gross income on housing and you want to figure out your 2836 number well to find out the 36 number we look at the rest of your debt say you're spending $1,000 a month paying off credit card debt making $75,000 a year or 6250 a month 1,000 divided by 6250 is16 multiply that by 100 that's 16% well guess what in this case you're already spending 28% of your gross income on housing when you add the 16% you have a 2844 number that's higher than 36% that means you're in serious risk this would be troubling if I saw this so I want you to calculate your own 2836 number now there are a few exceptions to this rule if you live in a high cost of living area like New York La SF again some people stretch that number even up to 34 35% but it becomes very very risky next if you have no debt like like no car payment no student loans no credit card debt you might stretch your housing number a little bit I would personally consider going to around 33% but I'm very conservative with my finances if your income is reasonably expected to go up soon such as a promotion again maybe you stretch the numbers a little but I would be very hesitant about doing this after all this you should still be able to save and invest money otherwise you will not be building true wealth when you factor in all these other things you should still be a ble to save 5 to 10% of your take-home pay and invest roughly 10% of your take-home pay if you can't do that you're spending too much question two have I saved a 20% down payment if you haven't saved a 20% down payment in my opinion you're not ready to buy a house now this might sound like some old fuddy dudy advice but I want to tell you something it's not just because of PMI which is an additional fee you'll often pay when you get a mortgage without 20% down the real reason I believe in Saving 20% before buying is counterintuitive building the habit of saving is critical before you buy and have all these unexpected housing expenses like a broken water heater or unexpected tax expense I frequently get frustrated comments about how impractical this rule is how am I supposed to save 20% this will take years yes it will which is exactly why you should start saving now saving is a habit which is better practiced before your mortgage is at risk now note I don't mean that you have to put 20% down in some cases such as low interest rates many people intentionally chose to put a smaller amount down that's fine that's just a math decision but in my opinion you should be able to put down 20% all right I hope this video helps you decide if renting or buying is the right decision for you and I hope you save money in the process as you can see when you make the right decision it can often save you a million dollar over the course of your life let me know in the comments what you found after you run the numbers and check out this video popping up on screen to watch more

  Top Comments:
  1. @momijidiary [1 likes]: the analogy doesn't sit right with me. when you consume food  you cannot re-sell it or rent it out. when you buy a house, you can rent it, sub lease it, or even sell it in the future. renting is good and all. I rented for years too. but depending on where you live buying a home can still be a good move. because your rent increases in price every few years. the amount of money you send on rent is not the same in the next 20 years. most likely it will double. of course owning a home has its share of expenses too like taxes and insurance and maintenance cost but when you get older you can sell it or live in it for free (granted your mortgage is already paid off by then) the likelihood of your home increasing in value can also be considered depending on where you live and the trajectory of the population (if it is increasing).

the question is not renting is better or owning a home is better. The question is what is the lifestyle you plan to live in the future.
  2. @BelleLavande-i1z4f [1 likes]: Thanks, Ramit. I will be renting and in investing.
  3. @dclikemtndew [1 likes]: You admit that the first 21 years of a mortgage you're paying more in interest than toward the principle, yet when you compare renting vs owning you look at an 8-10 year timeline. It seems like if you were looking at this objectively, you're anti-mortgage, not anti-owning. I know, you'd probably say "well, the average person has to get a mortgage to own a home", which is true, but there's smart and dumb ways to get a mortgage, if you make a large down payment, and pay extra toward the principle, and actually see it through to the end, you're better off owning in almost every case.
  4. @michaelterrien1649: Everything you say is true, but it's incomplete.  For example, you note that property taxes can go up.  Fact check, true.  But you ignore the fact that rent WILL go up.  No 25 year old is renting an apartment today and then paying the same rent for it 50 years from now.  You note (correctly) that mortgage interest is "throwing money away" to exactly the same extent that that rent payments are.  But rent goes up over time and mortgage interest goes down as you amortize your mortgage, eventually getting to $0 when the house is paid off.  I'm not saying renting isn't better in some cases.  It surely is.  But you can't fully analyze the relative costs and benefits just by considering the static snapshot you present.  You have to consider the costs and benefits over the course of a lifetime.   And a lot of the benefits of ownership are backloaded.  I'm 62 and considering retirement.  I would not want to be looking at a remaining lifetime of rent at this point.  A paid for home takes a lot of the stress (financial and otherwise) off at this stage of my life.  P.S.  That $2M home that rents for $5K/mo. that you started out with is a great example of a situation where renting might make sense.  But it feels cherry picked.  I'm not sure how many places in America offer that kind of ratio of rental cost to property value.  I live in a $1M home in Chicago.  When we bought it a couple years ago, we did consider renting instead.  Anything we could find that was remotely comparable was over $10K/mo.  That's only two examples from two of the many, many markets in the United States and I'm not honestly sure if either is representative of the norm.  But $5K/mo. for a $2M home sounds like an uncommonly good deal to me.
  5. @a55tech: interest rate makes a huge difference. Since this vid, it’s down to 5.x instead of 7%.

Tuning that in the rent vs buy calc can make years of difference in the break even time.
  6. @linainahome: Ramit is spot on about the 'phantom costs' that people ignore. To help with the Step 2 'Run the Numbers' part of this video, I actually found a Rent vs. Buy Wealth Calculator over at DIYyourMoney (in the tools section). It accounts for the exact variables he mentions—like maintenance, taxes, and the opportunity cost of the down payment—so you can see your own numbers before deciding. Hope this helps the community!
  7. @CreativeWisdom5: You are crazy !!! Who can rent for $5000 or have a 10 k mortgage for an apartment!! 
Ohh, you forgot that how much is the rent for 30 years X $5000 🤣🤣🤣....GARBAGE!!!
  8. @circlesthesun: It's worst when the owner says you need to leave cause the home is needed for her family. We bought a condo based on our savings. Never regretted it.
  9. @RyanWolf-b5o: Very informational, would recommen
  10. @paul_tee: principal
  11. @kisma03: If i can save 500€ to invest from renting instead of owning, the 500 monthly investment is average 700k after 30 years.
  12. @zhovtastrichka: Good advice. Not applicable to Europe. For example in Poland yes you need the money for your down payment, but the total cost of mortgage, utilities, and other things is like 50 usd more than what I am currently paying for rent. And yes, I am allowed to pay more to get down the principal without any fees etc. I have the mortgage for 20 years, but ai can actually pay it in 5-7. And overall interest for the whole period would be like 15k usd more. That’s nothing taking into consideration I will have my own home in 5 to 7 years. So depending on where you are and your income it can actually be better to buy than rent
  13. @bazinaustralia2912: imagine playing Monopoly  and never buying a house.
  14. @mikichik61: you forgot to add in that rent goes up average 5% each year in many places
  15. @samanthagaboo5610: I think one thing that isn't discussed is the fact that for a lot of us that rent we want to pay the less rent as possible so we rent much smaller places than what we would buy. I have been renting for the past 8 years seven of those eight years I have lived either in a studio or very tiny one bedrooms.. where your kitchen is part of your living room kind of thing in the same room. 
So I feel for a lot of people that get a bit antsy about wanting to buy It becomes a point of wanting more space. That is kind of the situation I am in right now. I have been at my current rental November would make 5 years and I'm paying $1,000... And my needs have changed my mom has sold her house and my mom stays with me when she doesn't have contract work say half of the year. So compared to just myself and my dog I've accumulated One other human occasionally and a full-time indoor cat. I would say are walkable space is probably 200 ft² because I'm not going to count the closet or bathroom or couch area ETC. at the same point to go rent a home it would only be a couple hundred dollars less if not the same of buying a home... To have more space.. because going from a thousand to paying 16 or $1,700 to rent a home is unimaginable to me. So I think that's one thing that makes people antsy to buy when you've outgrown your rental. At least for me. When it was just myself and my dog full time I was very content in my small rental. So it's something I've been running the numbers and it feels like I need to wait another year I could probably pull it off now but it just seems everything would be tight
  16. @cableman23: And depending on life circumstances, job stability, family, kids school, personal, it may financially make sense to buy and lock in the rate right now for 30 years. Buyer beware
  17. @margarettuimising9995: Makes sense in an expensive property like this one cos how much rent can you charge people? Story might be different for a cheaper house . Esp over time.
  18. @cindymar1606: Except that dey raise the apartments rent every year by 80-300/400 $ depending on where u live but my wages stay the same so I have to move out every couple of years because I cannot, cannot afford dat.
  19. @jess4582: I've been renting since I was 20 years old. Doing this allowed me to save over time. When I was young, I couldn't save too much but now since my late 30s I started putting away $2400 per month to be able to afford to buy a home here soon.
  20. @thecollegedean: I used to be totally convinced that owning a home was the way to go.  I suppose for raising kids and having the piece of mind that I could make minor improvements in the garage, yard, etc. made it a viable option.  My kids are all well into adulthood and I'll be fully retired soon.  I can hardly wait to sell "the ranch", cashing out, and living a bit more lightly during my retirement.

- Sam Zell -  The Biggest Real Estate Owner in America | Full Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en managing tens of billions steve schwartzman's blackstone is on the rise to become the biggest private equity firm in america but his empire will not be complete until he acquires equity office properties the largest real estate trust in america worth over 30 billion dollars in 2007 it's a collection of over 500 premium offices in every major city across america one man sam zell has built this real estate empire through calculated risk-taking the size of which none has ever seen it's an embodiment of one of the greatest real estate booms in america but as a market boom based on lies and speculation underneath the prosperity a financial storm is looming and semzell knows it while the rest of the market still lives in euphoria it's the perfect opportunity for samzel to exit with substantial potential profit not that i expected a sale to happen i thought equity office was too big to be acquired [Music] equity office stock is trading at around 40 a share but steve schwartzman believes it is undervalued he offers samsel 42 a share it was looking like the biggest real estate deal in history blackstone's 42 bit sent a signal to the street that equity office was undervalued now everyone wanted a piece expecting more bidders to come in samsara rejects blackstone's initial offer blackstone comes back with a shrunk price of 47.5 dollars a share the offer has become too good to ignore if it goes through semzel will make a fortune for shareholders and for himself but as an astute investor he questions why steve schwartzman will be buying real estate assets during the peak of the bubble steve schwartzman is a very risk-averse person he was not going to buy the real estate assets from samsel without having a guaranteed plan of generating profits his end game was that he was going to sell different buildings to different buyers the profit from some of the parts was going to be bigger than the entire market value of the reit samsung realizes that steve schwartzman will unload at least half of the properties for immediate profits it will be a shrewd business move but it will also dismantle the legacy samsung has worked his entire life for he now must find a different buyer that could exceed blackstone's offer vornado royalty is one of the biggest players in real estate it offers a shocking bid of 52 dollars a share and a promise to keep the real estates intact rather than breaking them up as blackstone plans to do the same zell and vornado may have underestimated steve schwartzman's resolve they are in for a war schwarzman raises the offer to 52.25 a share 24 higher than a market price when the bidding war started steve schwartzman has that competitiveness that sometimes comes from utter conviction that he and his company are just simply better than everyone sam zhao now has a tough decision to make whoever takes over their company will become the biggest real estate conglomerate in the world through consolidating broken real estate buying out failing properties and companies and returning them to profitability samsel has made himself the undisputed king of real estate it is the year of 1939. nazi germany and the soviet union just signed a non-aggression agreement poland is squeezed in the middle and will soon be divided and devoured it's alarming news for the jewish residents in poland sam's father bernard zell books his family the last train out of poland before the nazis bombed the railroad tracks my father looked at that treaty and said this is basically an agreement to split a poland and so my father got off he was on a train turned around went home got my mother and said we have to leave zell's mother is pregnant with sam while still on the run and they arrived in the united states may 18 1941. this was kind of the background and i was born september 28th so literally i was born 900 days after they came to this country by the time they arrive in the u.s they're nearly broke but bernard zell is more determined than ever to do whatever it takes to support his family in his new land they now call home when samsara turns 12 his father achieved the american dream and has built a successful jewelry business he moves his family to the upper middle class neighborhood in highland park illinois samzell has an unusual childhood even from an early age he demonstrates a distinctive entrepreneurial talent his first business is selling the playboy magazines this is the kind of magazine in those days wasn't sold in the suburbs i was limited to uh those under the tracks uh magazine store so i showed it to a friend of mine and he was enthralled and said geez you know can i buy it and i said sure he said how much and i said i don't know three dollars he said great so he paid me three dollars for something that i had paid 50 cents for uh and ps i'd gotten to read first um and and maybe for the first time in my life i really understood supply and demand uh you know and there was an unlimited demand for that product and so i started quote unquote importing playboy from my friends but in spite of his business acumen sam is mediocre at school his siblings are the top students in college consistently getting higher grades than their brother and sam is struggling to measure up samzell is not your typical ivy league educated investor he's a street smart hustler who is very grounded in the real world but at the time his parents especially his father were a little concerned that sam didn't meet their expectations in terms of school to prove to his father that he can succeed elsewhere semzell becomes fixated on finding a business idea and taking a shot at the time a real estate developer is building a 15 unit student apartment samsel immediately realizes that this could be an opportunity for him to make money we didn't know how to manage for rent departments we had no clue what it entailed it just never occurred to me that i couldn't do it so he created a simple brochure and went to pitch the owners his audacity pays off in spite of his lack of experience the landlord decides to hire him to manage the new apartment zell knows something that other real estate managers don't he knows the customers as a student he understands the kind of housing the students like the most zell and his classmate redesigned the entire interior removing outdated furniture and making the apartment more vibrant he had an insight that other professional apartment managers didn't have he knew that the young people did not want environment like home they wanted something more fun and exciting so at the time the scandinavian style was very popular among the younger generation so sam and his classmates remodeled the interior and bought furnitures with clean and modern designs and it's a huge success his apartment becomes highly sought after by the students after finishing two more apartment buildings the same landlord gave them all to sam zell to manage by the time he graduates from college he has already made a consistent income for managing apartments but he knows this kind of money will never make him rich he needs to start buying his own properties and so i went to law school not because i wanted to practice law i went to law school so i had a degree and that if i didn't work out at whatever it is i was doing i would be able to in effect still practice law and make a living semzell also feels an obligation to his parents to get through law school he enrolls in michigan law although he finds a subject boring and uninteresting but deep down he knows to truly make his own decisions he needs to become financially independent to do that he will own income generating properties he has made enough for his job as a property manager it is time to start looking for apartment building to buy he bought a threat unit apartment building for nineteen thousand five hundred dollars with savings and loans from the bank he remodeled the interior in a way that appealed to students that allowed him to double the rent a few months later the rents it collected become enough for a down payment for another apartment building by the second year of law school semzel owns more than three apartment buildings and also has a management contract for eastern michigan university i graduated from law school in 1966 i was 24. i had 250 000 in the bank and i made about 150 000 that year that was an income of about 1.1 million in 2016. i had established a solid foundation for my family but even with that kind of money sam zell still decides to become a lawyer and treats his real estate business as a side hustle his parents escaped nazis so they had this very risk-averse attitude that got passed on to sam zell he thought he could do both having a stable job as a lawyer was an insurance policy just in case his real estate business failed it's a perfect plan except it won't work in the real world as samsao is about to painfully find out after earning his law degree samsel starts applying for a job in every law firm in chicago he believes that his impressive resume of real estate deals will easily help him land a position at the best law firm in chicago i included in the resume you know all the business i started and all the things i had done and along with my gpa and everything else and i then had 44 interviews i had 43 rejections you know i i was in the top quarter of my class i knew this didn't make any sense and now and finally i was interviewing with the head of of one of the law firms and the guy looks at me and he says tell me about your deals and i tell you about my deals i want a job he says oh we would never hire you you'd be here you know three months and you'd be leaving and going into the real estate business so we would never hire either with anybody else he was right although he eventually finds a job through his family connections the circumstances force him to rethink his career choice as a created big picture thinker he realizes he's never built to be a lawyer a job that requires him to be detail driven and meticulous he quits in just four days and decides to do real estate full-time but samsel isn't about to risk his own fortune alone he learns that to succeed in a business he needs to scale that also means leveraging other people's money by now he had quite a bit of success by owning properties in college towns so he started researching he found out that universities in smaller cities across america were growing like crazy so that was going to be his focus in 1966 he raises enough capital from 20 wealthy investors including his father until now the property he owns are small-time apartments but with a large sum of money he's ready to go back samsel's first building is a massive 99 unit apartment building next to the university of toledo it's a one million dollar investment and he has calculated that the worst case outcome is an eight percent return but the upside is a potential 19 percent but all i looked at was the fact that i was able to buy one of the few apartment buildings in town so i didn't have any competition he believes that there's an under supply of quality apartments for students after redesigning the interior based on his acute understanding of what young people want he raises the rant the asset immediately starts generating cash flows and it makes a 20 return within a year so that deal was one of the most successful deals that i had ever done simply because there was no competition and therefore where there's no competition you can produce exceptional margins impressed by samzel's ability to profit the same investors double down and write them bigger checks for bigger by 1971 semzel has become a rising star in the local real estate scene at the age of 30 he has already become a millionaire but tazell is just the beginning opportunities are boundless he put up 10 million dollars to buy the broadway plaza in los angeles half the investment business is about raising money so every time senzel had a successful investment he used that as a marketing tool to raise more money to him scales everything scale was how he would become the biggest player in finance but unbeknownst to zell his investment success has an unintended consequence he now has a target on his back the 1970s is a decade of drastic economic change in spite of the political turmoil and the failing vietnam war america is still the most prosperous economy on earth a revolution is underway in one of the biggest sectors in america is the invention of the real estate investment trust capital from all over the world is flooding into reits creating an unprecedented boom semzel joined the industry after quitting his job as a lawyer writing the real estate boom he has built a portfolio of residential and commercial properties worth hundreds of millions he may be on top of the world but he has no idea that the rs is gunning for him semzel's brother-in-law roger basks has been his tax turning on many real estate deals roger a harvard trained lawyer with an impeccable reputation was my go-to person on real estate deals with tax implications in the mid-1970s samjoe was working on acquiring a high rise hotel from reno nevada with very complicated taxes he was trained as a lawyer but he didn't want to get bogged down by the details so he hired his brother-in-law to take care of the taxes for him but a few years later writer's law firm becomes a target of an investigation by the rs both sam and rogers are indicted on the charges of tax fraud samzell's real estate empire is now more vulnerable than ever if convicted he'll lose everything he has spent his last 15 years building ultimately semzell is dismissed without being charged but his brother-in-law basks is not so fortunate getting indicted by the rs will forever leave a mark on samzel's record but he vows to overcome it he will build a business so large and so powerful that no one dares to hurt him again to grow his real estate business semzel needs to raise more money for bigger projects but his brush with the rs has made potential investors skeptical and to make matters worse by the mid-1970s the real estate market has become overly saturated making it difficult to find profitable investments zell then does the unthinkable he stops buying any properties cold turkey as he realizes the real estate market may have been oversupplied and overbuilt everyone thought i was nuts after all occupancies were still over 90 absorption was high companies were hiring it was one of many times i would hear people tell me that i just didn't understand i didn't listen i just stepped aside while the music was still playing sam zell has always been an audacious risk taker he's also very practical investor who knows real estate from hands-on experience but what really sets him apart is the ability to have conviction on his own views sometimes against the rest of the world by the time the real estate market crashes sam sales immediately goes on a buying spree acquiring distressed properties on the verge of default with just one dollar down payment a majority of them between 1974 and 1977 samsel purchases roughly four billion dollars in assets his bold action and his clever financial scheme pay off and investors become eager to join him again by the mid-80s samsel has built a real estate investment powerhouse making hundreds of millions of dollars a year investing in distressed real estate properties has been a stroke of genius but sends out wonders if he can turn around bad properties can he also turn around back companies and there's only one way to find out he is about to join the corporate takeover business [Applause] the decade of 1980s belongs to the corporate raiders as the cuts interest rates and lowers corporate taxes companies are flooded with easy money the age of excess is here led by coral icon many wall street titans have amassed unparalleled fortune by taking over corporations they raised the stock price by temporarily firing the management cutting costs and with fancy promises after two decades of opportunistic deal-making samzell has become a prominent real estate investor he owns a portfolio of residential and commercial properties that generate him hundreds of millions a year but saint zell has a bigger ambition if he can turn back property assets into profitable ones he believes he can also turn around back companies in distress if we've been as successful in real estate as we have been are we really just good businessmen and if we're a good businessman then why wouldn't the same principles that apply to real estate apply to buying anything else sam has the skill and the capital all he needs now is just an opportunity by 1983 the predator finds his prey to become a great investor is to become a lifelong student at all my life i've basically focused on reading and digesting information because the well educated up-to-date you are the better you are to be able to assess judgment and assess risk finance is a field that rewards mostly on the quality of your decision making rather than based on the hours of work you put in decision making is a science and also skill that can be taught and learned brilliant.org is a great place to learn probability game theory and systems thinking which are all the basis for becoming a great decision maker what makes brilliant stand out from the conventional lectures is its emphasis on interactivity it makes a learning process fun and more effective sometimes even with a simple understanding of probability and logic you can easily distinguish between nonsense from real facts to start it for free visit brilliant.org phineas the first 200 people will get a 20 off brilliant annual premium subscription after testing his thesis on smaller companies samzel then says his vision on one big conglomerate itil founded in 1969 ital is a leasing company that owns aircrafts rail cars and shipping containers but after his early success the company's management starts draining the company's resources by throwing lavish parties and paying hefty bonuses to themselves the company filed for bankruptcy in 1981 and emerged from chapter 11 and 1983 with his future still clouded with uncertainty after working real estate for so long samsung developed the strum preference for physical assets and itil was a company with a lot of tangible assets after buying five percent of the company samzell asked the board for a seat at the table but as a newcomer on the scene no one takes zeal seriously the board proudly dismisses the offer samsel isn't the one to back down from a fight he immediately buys up to 22 percent of the company and it starts a hostile bit after a year of back and forth with a board and a proxy fight he successfully takes over the company and becomes the chairman and ceo as an outsider semzel is now welcomed by the board and the shareholders the only way to prove himself is by delivering tangible results his first job as ceo is to cut costs by selling underperformed divisions and reducing redundancies he had a simple plan find the most profitable business the company owns and double down on that after cutting costs and liquidating underperformed assets samsel has accumulated 50 million dollars of capital the amount needed to invest in a main business one that has a competitive edge for ital is the railcar business in a single year 1979 the industry had built over a hundred thousand rail cars the railcar industry had succumbed to easy money for building that bubble burst in 1981 during that same period 65 percent of the existing rail cars in the country were scrapped on the demand side loadings were flat but stable supply was going down at some point those two lines were going to intersect and when they did anybody with rail cars was going to make a lot of money anticipating a price hike sends up concludes this is the perfect opportunity to buy as many road cars as possible at a steep discount it proves to be a slick business move since the company requires abroad cards at a discount it beats the competition at a wide margin and the company's revenue immediately skyrockets what do most big companies do when they have a lot of cash they acquire other companies it's a great way to diversify the business but sam had a different agenda sam jello has made a killing by cornering the railcar leasing market successfully turning itil around it is however not a growth market samzell is never content with past successes he needs to elevate itel to a higher level to me it's always what's next and i think that's what drives most very successful people it's never about the money i mean that's a way of keeping score it's about achievement and it's about winning a game and it's about upping the ante turning around a bad company versus growing a company often takes a completely different leadership styles but sam knows as long as they stick to the fundamentals and logic he will find a way he acquires a wiring and cable distribution company in 1987 called anexter brothers with a consistent cash flow generated from itil's rail car rental business samsung will invest them back to expand annexed around the world it's a risky move that goes against what zell has learned about only investing in bargains but if the business exceeds it has the potential to become a unicorn enterprise that will continuously print money for the years to come and it's a huge success anexter experiences an explosive growth and it becomes itil's fastest growing division by 1992 generating close to a billion dollars in revenue a year the success of annexure convinces samsel to unload the railcar business in order to free up more capital to acquire better assets by selling 70 000 rail cars to general motors he reaps 2.3 billion dollars but with all that success samsel once again does the unthinkable by 1992 he steps down from the ceo position at itil i think the biggest strength that makes sam zell a great player in finance is his understanding of the public market he is exceedingly good at finding investment opportunities and more importantly raising the necessary funds that match them he's a master at getting equities together in a way that benefits everyone but also more profitable for him in the 1990s samzell seized an opportunity to make real estate investment trusts go public was no visibility into markets or assets and there were no metrics brokers held all the cards and they weren't telling the simple genius of public rates is that they turn bricks and mortar into transparent and predictable liquid assets as the biggest real estate investor in the country samzell becomes a board member of n a reit in an effort to make a complete publicly traded real estate asset he raises additional 3 billion in 1997 after acquiring the largest collection of premium office buildings across the country he packages them all in a reit what he doesn't know is whether wall street will buy it by the time samsel's reit goes public it's the biggest real estate portfolio in the world comprising more than 32 million square feet of commercial offices what made this read on a very attractive investment was at the predictability of cash flows the tenants were majority companies with average lease term of seven years it allowed samsel to offer a 5.7 dividend equity office properties eventually turns into one of the most sought after stocks as u.s is entering a housing boom by 2006 equity office properties becomes a target of a bidding war by many wealthy wall street firms it's a huge complement to samzel's accomplishment it certifies his position as one of the most powerful forces in finance but even titans make mistakes and semzal is about to face the toughest challenge of his career by 2006 tribune is 159 euro media conglomerate that is a majority owner of chicago tribune the la times and various news networks due to the evidence of the internet the news industry is struggling to adjust after several attempts to sell the company to private equity firms the board of tribune turns to an unlikely buyer the grave dancer samzell we looked at the performance of the tribune for the seven years prior to the time we bought it uh during that seven years average revenue declined three percent a year when we underwrote the deal we underwrote it at six percent decline each year going forward the risk reward of the transaction was extraordinary both ways samzell realizes that these media brands hold long-term value with his magical touch this value could be unleashed he proposes a leveraged buyout deal that will take the company private future of this company is currently right out there in front of us and if we keep operating the way we've been operating in the past there is no future samzell's approach is simple cutting costs by removing redundancies and use the savings from them to opportunistically invest in growth opportunities his approach worked before and may continue the work if only the market conditions stayed the same the timing he took over tribune couldn't be worse it was the beginning of 2008. one point samsel dubbed himself the gravedancer for turning a profit on troubled asset his 8.3 billion dollar buyout of tribune ended in bankruptcy for the publisher in december the 2008 housing crisis has brought the entire newspaper industry to his knees as businesses are struggling they cut their advertising budget first over the years of corporate battles samsel has become accustomed to getting what he wants but this time he's going against a force more powerful than he has ever encountered even after receiving a 650 million dollar rescue loan from jp morgan the company still struggles to stay alive it's a time of great change for the world samsel suddenly finds himself as a member of an old guard the tribune failure is a reminder that the market can make even the smartest of men look like foals i did the tribune company i lost 300 million dollars if it had worked i would have made 5 billion i liked that risk reward ratio would i do it again yes because the risk reward ratio was appropriate the error of samsel may have come to an end yet at the age of 80 he refuses to retire tired from what i mean i haven't worked since the fourth day that i was in that law firm samzell is a no bs goal getter i think he's probably the most representative of the older generation of investors samzell's rise to the top also coincides with the prosperity america has enjoyed since the 70s sometimes my team argues with me they can't believe we're leaving money on the table but i want to create an environment where everyone wants to keep playing as an opportunistic capitalist samsel indeed plays the game of market better than anyone you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Finaius [2300 likes]: Rest in Peace Legend! 1941 - 2023
  2. @SaChin-sc1tp [1 likes]: Zell? Hessen
  3. @Abn173rd [1 likes]: Sam Zell started when REITs were a concept. In 1960, the U.S. Congress enacted the Real Estate Investment Trust Act, which was part of broader legislation known as the Cigar Excise Tax Extension of 1960. This law essentially created the concept of a REIT. This is where it started.
  4. @CoinToEmpire: amazing explanation
  5. @Projectufo-s6q: I have one question as matter of queriacity. How they evaluate or the parameters they use to calculate the value of xyz property. Why because in some areas 8000 rs sq fit not a prime location on the other hand 4500 2500 and 1300 rs sq feet. So is it the gut number? Or the land position or construction quality? Or something else? Please share your insights and opinions
  6. @MegaTeacherg: He went beck lol
  7. @carminejr5571: 5 mins into the video. How do you not mention the letter Steve Roth sent to Sam!?
  8. @EmpiresofPower: Sam Zell is a living example of combining strategic vision, calculated risk-taking, and the ability to seize opportunities – from real estate to troubled companies, every move he makes shows sharpness and sheer determination.
  9. @lizardspiral: Blackrock is in too deep now. 😂
  10. @igormaryanin8811: a Legend.
  11. @SamKara-d5y: 😮
  12. @MusaGarba-q3z: Mu
  13. @John-zc4rz: A house of cards is here, Blackrock Vanguard and State Street will destroy all.
  14. @rayrobbins4625: I ONLY CLICKED ON THIS VIDEO  SO I COULD MAKE A COMMENT . AFTER SEEING THIS MANS FACE . HE LOOKS LIKE A VERY UNHAPPY MAN . WHAT A SHAME...ALL THAT MONEY. AND FOR WHAT ??
  15. @cindys1819: Well, this is rare bird. A guy from t hat era and background who KNOWS when to Stop, be still and wait quietly. 99.9% of the old guys
Kept on the attack mode untill they crashed themselves and thier partners....and one more thing sane
Real Estate investors build cities and the country. They're not classic Wall St pump and dump artists who build nothing but their (usually off-shore)
Accounts
  16. @MoGumboFukUTubeForChngngMyName: Damn!! This guy gets into Michigan Law, and he’s the “bad” student in the family?
  17. @sandie157: Wow the guy's eyes are cold and dead.
  18. @mrgemini2817: Great Documentary!! this year I start my new career to a R.E license to property management to manage properties to new development. thank you for your videos
  19. @ses190: How much of that land did he take with him to the grave?
  20. @stephenochieng1182: This was the first of your videos I watched. It sucked me into investing and finance. I've been hooked ever since. I'm quiting medicine to go full time into finance.

- Living Apart Together: Couples in separate homes say they have more success at love: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] when louis st pierre and kathy brosmer started dating six years ago they weren't looking for love we were very content individuals when we met it developed very slowly actually it was about three months i think before he gave me a real kiss years later they're happy and committed even though they have different interests louis likes his woodworking shop and kathy enjoys playing music he likes his big screen tv and she likes to read quietly hey honey and there's something else that makes their relationship different from the norm i've been in my house for almost 35 years and i've got it just the way i love it right and when i met louie six years ago he was in a house about a mile away we kind of came up with this idea that hey we don't have to live together and then i think it became this ah-ha thing that we can just keep on living like this apart living apart together they've both been divorced before and learned from previous relationships they knew that as much as they cherish their time together they also appreciate their time alone a growing number of canadians are finding partners and deciding not to live in the same space you can have a very good relationship and live apart there are alternatives to that traditional living together it's called living apart together or lat louie and kathy are so committed to their arrangement louis recently bought the house next door to kathy in sault ste marie ontario i'm working on my dissertation and it takes a lot of focus a lot of concentration so sometimes in the evenings i'm going to try and get something done now more often than not i'll say you need to go home because i can't focus with distracting sounds and because he's right next door it's really super easy he can go home for a couple of hours and then come back and give me a good night kiss according to statistics canada the number of couples choosing a lat lifestyle is growing between 2006 and 2017 the percentage of couples claiming to be living apart together rose from six to nine percent and it's not just canada at stockholm university in sweden livia ola an associate professor of family demography studies what kind of people are drawn to lat relationships so this freedom and to make up their own rules that's what appealed to many people and it seems that it appears especially to women and particularly for single mothers she also says it allows for more equity in roles breaking down stereotypes they do not have to follow the usual traditional gender roles we mean doing what they used to do household work and other caring activities so therefore this is appreciated by quite many the largest group of canadian couples living apart are 25 to 34 year olds according to stats canada in vancouver heather macdonald met her partner when she was in her late 30s they have been together now for more than three years the benefits to living apart together is that you really make a point of spending time with each other you're not going to fight over the day-to-day your socks are on the floor you didn't put the dishes away but you're gonna really enjoy each other's company you just make a point of every time you're together being special because you don't have a lot of it oh those are nice but i thought they were blue oh yeah those are different ones she's also a single mother of a 14 year old son and her partner jordan has sons living at home as well so we're really lucky because i live right here and jordan lives about a block away just over that way i think one of my biggest concerns is that i naturally take on a mother role and my step kids have a mother and a father they don't need a stepmom in the background nagging them my job is to be a support for them someone they can trust someone another positive adult in their life and so by not living together you avoid the conflict of the day-to-day parenting and you can just enjoy your the company of your step kids some might view this arrangement as lacking in commitment but recently heather and jordan publicly recognized their devotion to each other it was really important for me to have a wedding you know when you don't live together and you're not planning on having children together it was important for me to seal that commitment and have something that him when i shared libya says there are economic reasons why some people are attracted to lat like keeping assets separate men who live in a lot relationship they are more likely to own their housing they used to think that maybe this is the women that they are so much afraid of losing what they have but here we seem to have that actually lot men they do not want to lose their apartment either or their dwelling either there are a lot of pluses to living apart together but there are also some downsides one of them is benefits and we're not talking fringe kathy isn't eligible for louie's extended medical benefits and she feels the current system is discriminatory if we were living apart but married his benefits would cover me and if we were living together but unmarried his benefits would cover me in this case they don't just because he's in the house next door i can see it from the insurance company's point of view that there could be more potential for fraud and that sort of thing but it's still the only difference between a cohabitating couple and us is address we don't share an address and to me that there's discrimination there it's one of the reasons why the research people like livia do is important it seeks to understand why people choose to live apart and for how long it gives policymakers a better understanding of what modern day relationships look like and how to adapt and the pandemic may be increasing the number of people attracted to this kind of lifestyle natasha sharma is a relationship expert why or how could living a part together be good for our relationship we've been in jail for two years right i mean like we have and we've been seeing the same faces day in and day out you know i'm a mother i'm a wife i have two kids and i think a lot of people will relate to you can get too much of a good thing you really can too much of anything even a good thing is too much some might question the commitment of couples who are not together all the time because it's not what society has taught us we've been raised and shaped in this archetype says this is wrong this is not normal this is dangerous you know to the relationship but um i think what we're seeing is that the reality of humans and how we are for the most part may not fit that model at least not 100 of the time what we need to do is step back from this indoctrination of the way we think things should look they shouldn't look any way they need to be reflective of our individual needs and our individual desires and our individual lifestyles and personas kathy says it gives her the freedom to live her life her way we might have been able to compromise and do all that you need to do and live together and we would maybe still be happily together now but it would have had more tension and louis is quick to point out that you can't really judge the commitment in a relationship on the basis of whether two people live together or not we're together because we really want to be together so i think that makes it better for us because we want to be together and we have a lot of fun together as a consequence i think it's just a better relationship

  Top Comments:
  1. @sheilahgolden1076 [1 likes]: Been living apart together for 28 years🎉
  2. @dijauneaiymuan9834 [1 likes]: This would work for me
  3. @KA-eu9sy: First couple with side by side homes. 
❤❤
  4. @tanishaverma8560: I would like to live apart together.
  5. @VincentPatitucci: My mother and her boyfriend been together for 24 years now and never lived together. They stay 2 blocks away from each other and it works for them
  6. @Josh-n9u3p: this is why men like me choose MGTOW
  7. @NikkiEdmunds: I think this is the absolute best thing for couples. Of course, it’s definitely not for everyone though.  I have come to realize that living apart together would work way better for me.  Wonderful video.
  8. @johnnieyescas2133: I bet close to 100% of these people have been divorced. It certainly makes it easier to have affairs when you live separately.
  9. @slandynoel99: Lucky!!! The longer I’ve been divorced the more I want this. I want to get remarried, not interest in having more children, and need my space. I haven’t found anyone to agree to this arrangement 😃
  10. @hs-qk9qf: Trevor Noah might be on to something 🤔.
  11. @GretchenBurton-v7e6v: It's a very practical concept.
  12. @Rosalie-ct8mi: I have always have had my own apartment and house and always had a LAT relationship, because I want to have my own place and I need a lot of alone time. And Like this couple says: "When you are together, you choose to be together and the time spent is more fun and relaxed as it is not always like this. I choose not to spend time together when I am doing my house choores, groceries or other daily grind, that is not appealing for me to be together. I preder to really choose to spend time together when we want to be together and for me this has always worked as I choose not to become a mother!
  13. @tUiDo4: Well to be somewhat historically accurately… the aristocrats in the past lived in separate quadrants of their home while they were married. Only slept in the same room when “you know what” happened. So it’s not as if this idea is new. It’s just more acceptable, and actually done out of love/respect to the other person privacy. Vs where aristocrats in the past lived that way because some of them people marriage were NOT out of love.
  14. @oliverjames9234: This is for older couples, but how does this work with young couples with kids raising a family.
  15. @SlippyLu: What happened to the concept of each person having their own room in a shared household..? For a couple of two single parents kids living with them, respectively, I feel like this is a really great solution!
  16. @ef5686: All I can say is DUH; lived this was 30 years ago. Glad it works for others too.
  17. @hopeskies8710: This is what my partner and I are dojng. Never knew it had a name. This is the best arrangement for us.
  18. @Wiseamphibian87: It’s what ever Floats your Boat guys ; this is  NOT A marital Arrangement for everybody & certainly not for the Poor either; managing A home is costly & it’s crazy to own two homes!!! I prefer living with my Spouse; it’s just the two of us so there’s plenty of ROOM
For us to do our things & not always be in each other’s Faces , tons of hobbies to keep us busy doing our own things throughout the year ; but also cherish each other with our joint hobbies (travel, hiking , gardening & cooking)!!! Just DO whatever floats your Boat. Best of Luck 🤞 to this Couple 🍀🍀; but folks should wise & just DO whatever is best for them !!!!
  19. @janetbrooks8505: Sounds like an ideal situation ❤
  20. @santifoster1741: 🤔 I've got a great idea, get a Big House instead

- The 9 Safest States to Own Property When The Economy Collapses: Kind: captions Language: en Every financial advisor in America will tell you the same thing. Diversify your portfolio. Spread the risk. But almost none of them ask the question that actually matters when the floor drops out. Where you own property is just as important as what you own. Right now, 62% of US homeowners hold the majority of their net worth in a single asset, their home. That's roughly $24 trillion in residential equity sitting in states where a serious economic downturn doesn't just lower property values, it erases them. States with bloated government debt, collapsing insurance markets, >> [music] >> and tax structures designed to squeeze homeowners dry the moment revenue falls short. But nine states tell an entirely different story. States with rock-bottom debt, diversified economies, cheap property taxes, and housing markets that didn't just survive 2008, they barely flinched. This isn't prepper fantasy. This is fiscal math, foreclosure history, and property cost analysis. >> Real numbers that separate states built to weather a storm from the ones that crack under pressure. This is Finny Co Insider. We tell you the truth, not the sales pitch. Hit subscribe and let's count down the nine safest states to own property when the economy collapses. Number one earned its spot for a reason you won't expect. Number nine, [music] West Virginia. Before you scroll past, hear the math. The median home price here comes in at $148,000. That's not a down payment in California. That's the whole house. In some counties, you can pick up habitable homes with acreage for under $60,000. Property taxes run 0.57%, the fourth lowest effective rate in the nation. On a $148,000 home, your annual bill lands at roughly $843. Compare that to New Jersey, >> where the same value triggers $3,500. Here's the part most people overlook. West Virginia sits atop the Marcellus Shale, one of the largest natural gas reserves on the planet. That energy revenue creates a fiscal floor that doesn't rely on consumer spending to survive. The state's [music] debt-to-GDP ratio clocks in at just 7.1%. California sits at 16.8%. New York pushes past 18%. Illinois? A brutal 23.4%. During 2008, West Virginia's peak foreclosure rate hit just 1.2%, while Nevada drowned at 12% and Florida [music] at 10.7%. The housing market barely moved because there was no speculative bubble to pop. When homes cost $140,000, flippers don't bother showing up. In a collapse, that's not weakness. That's armor. The honest caveats. Population has dropped 3.2% over the past decade. >> Healthcare access in rural counties is thin, and job growth outside energy remains flat. But this ranking isn't about building a career. It's about where your property holds value when everything else falls apart. Number eight, Oklahoma. Oklahoma runs on two engines that don't shut down during recessions, energy [music] and agriculture. Together, they account for roughly 28% of the state's GDP. Both rarely collapse at the same time, giving Oklahoma a resilience single industry states can only dream about. The median home price hovers around $195,000. In Tulsa, the median sits closer to $215,000, with household income of $54,800. That price-to-income ratio of 3.9 times is among the healthiest in the nation. The national average, a punishing 5.7 times. During 2008, Oklahoma's unemployment peaked at 7.1% [music] while the nation hit 10%. Home prices declined just 4.8%. Compare that to the 33% free fall in Nevada or 28% collapse in Florida. Oklahoma's housing market barely registered a correction. The state's constitutional reserve fund held 1.05 billion dollars as of late 2025. Roughly 10% of the annual budget sitting in reserve. When downturns force other states into austerity, Oklahoma has a buffer that keeps property tax rates stable. Oklahoma also produces over 130 million bushels of wheat annually and ranks as the fifth largest oil-producing state. Energy and agriculture create dual revenue streams that function independently of consumer confidence or stock market performance. If that sounds boring, good. Boring is exactly what you want when the market panics. If you're starting to see why flashy coastal markets aren't where you want to be when the next downturn hits, you're paying attention. [music] Subscribe to Fin Eco Insider for real housing data. No hype, just numbers that protect your wallet. Let's keep climbing. Number seven, Iowa. Iowa's median home price during the 2008 crisis didn't crash. It didn't correct. It actually rose 2.3% between 2007 and 2009 while national prices plunged 27%. Read that again. The rest of the country watched trillions in equity evaporate. Iowa went up. The reason is structural. Iowa's economy is anchored by 32 billion dollars in annual agricultural production. More corn, pork, and eggs than any state in the nation. >> Food production doesn't stop during recessions. People still eat. Today, the median home price sits at $212,000. In Des Moines, it pushes to $260,000 with household income of $72,400. A price to income ratio of 3.6 times. Insurance costs average $2,100 annually, nearly 50% below the national average. No hurricanes, no wildfires, no coastal floods. No carriers pulling out. >> The state's debt-to-GDP ratio clocks in at 5.2%. Unemployment hasn't exceeded 6.5% since the early 1980s. And here's what makes Iowa genuinely special for collapse preparedness. The state has the second highest food production per capita in the nation. If supply chains fracture, Iowa is literally surrounded by the food supply. It doesn't need to import survival. >> It grows it. Iowa isn't exciting. Iowa is the kind of boring that keeps your equity intact [music] when the world forgets what boring is worth. Number six, Indiana. Indiana sits within a day's drive of 80% of the US and Canadian populations. Its logistics network is the second largest in the nation. >> When economic disruption squeezes transportation, the states at the center hold an inherent advantage over states on the periphery. >> The median home price runs about $232,000. In Fort Wayne, that drops to $198,000 with a price-to-income ratio of just 3.2 But what earned Indiana this ranking is a constitutional safeguard most states don't have. Property taxes are capped at 1% of assessed value for homesteads, written into the state constitution. Not a policy, not a temporary measure, a hard ceiling that can't be changed by legislative vote. Think about [music] that. During severe downturns, cash-strapped governments reassess property values and hike millage rates. Indiana's constitution says no. That's structural protection. The economy leans on manufacturing, pharmaceuticals, logistics, and agriculture. Eli Lilly recently committed $9 billion in new investment. Subaru's only US plant sits in Lafayette. That diversification matters. >> During 2008, home prices declined only 6.2% compared to the national 27%. For property owners, Indiana delivers constitutional tax protection, diversified employment, central logistics positioning, and a market that doesn't make headlines. In a collapse, [music] that's exactly where you want to be. We're halfway through, and every state shares one thing: affordable housing, low debt, and economies that don't depend on stock market performance to function. Drop a like on this video. >> It takes 2 seconds and pushes this to more people who need to see it. Number five, Nebraska. [music] Over the past 50 years, Nebraska has recorded the lowest average unemployment rate in the country, >> 3.1%. Not during a boom, on average, across five decades, through recessions, pandemics, and financial crises. That stability isn't accidental. Agriculture generates $25 billion in annual impact. Berkshire Hathaway, Mutual of Omaha, and Union Pacific are headquartered here. Companies in insurance, logistics, and infrastructure that remain essential during downturns. The median home price comes in at $248,000. In North Platte, it drops to $178,000 >> with property taxes under $2,800 annually. The state's debt to GDP ratio sits at 4.8% fifth lowest nationally with cash reserves regularly exceeding 900 million dollars. During 2008, home prices declined just 2.7%. >> Foreclosures never exceeded 2.1%. But here's what elevates Nebraska beyond the housing data. The state sits atop the Ogallala Aquifer the largest underground freshwater reserve in the Western Hemisphere. When Western states ration water and watch property values crater from drought Nebraska has a water supply measured in thousands of cubic miles beneath its surface. Energy, food, water, employment stability, low [music] debt, and a recession-tested market. Nebraska checks every box on the collapse-proof index. Number four, South Dakota. Zero. That's South Dakota's state income tax rate. No tax on wages, social security retirement distributions, or investment income. In a downturn, when government scramble for revenue, South Dakota's homeowners don't face an emergency income tax surging through the legislature. It doesn't exist. >> There's nothing to raise. That's not just a lifestyle perk. States with income taxes face a vicious cycle during contractions. Employment falls, revenue collapses, >> budgets crack, and governments hunt for alternative revenue through property tax hikes. South Dakota sidesteps that cycle entirely. The median home price lands at $298,000. In Sioux Falls, $315,000 against household income of $73,200. In smaller communities like Mitchell and Watertown, you're looking at $170,000 to $220,000. During 2008, unemployment peaked at 5.2% when the nation hit 10%. Home prices fell approximately 5.1% less than a fifth of the national drop. But, here's the detail nobody discusses. South Dakota has become the trust capital of the United States. Over 500 million dollars in trust assets are domiciled here. When wealthy families park assets in a state, they buy property, too. That floor of demand doesn't evaporate No income tax, constitutional balanced budgets, recession-tested stability, and a trust industry anchoring high-value demand. South Dakota wasn't just built to survive a collapse. It was structurally designed to outlast one. Number three, Montana. Fourth largest state by land area, >> 44th by population. That ratio creates a property dynamic that changes the collapse equation >> In densely populated states, downturns trigger cascading crises, overcrowded services, spiking crime, and distressed [music] sellers flooding the market simultaneously. Montana's 7.5 people per square mile means those dominos never stack. The median home price runs $440,000 statewide, elevated by resort towns like Bozeman at $600,000. But, in Billings, the state's largest city, it drops to $340,000. Great Falls, $275,000. Miles City, under $200,000. Montana levies no sales tax. Property taxes average 0.74%. On a $340,000 Billings home, your annual bill runs $2,500. What elevates Montana into the top three is its resource portfolio. The state produces coal, oil, >> natural gas, gold, copper, platinum, and palladium. Hydroelectric power generates 37% of electricity. Agricultural output exceeds $5 billion annually. During 2008, prices declined roughly 8% against the 27% national average. Foreclosures [music] peaked at 2.4%. Recovery came faster than all but a handful of states. Montana's population has grown 9.6% over the past decade, but growth is constrained by geography and limited housing supply. That constraint means prices hold even when demand softens. There's never enough inventory for a glut. The premium you pay for Montana property isn't speculation. It's scarcity. And scarcity holds value when everything else crumbles. We're down to the final two, and they both earned their spots by a wide margin. Share this video with someone who needs to hear it. The data doesn't care about opinions. It cares about math. >> Stay with me. Number two, Tennessee. Tennessee earned its ranking on economic diversification so deep that no single shock can take it down. Automotive manufacturing, health care, logistics, [music] agriculture, entertainment, and financial services all running simultaneously. Nissan's North American HQ sits in Nashville. FedEx operates its global hub from Memphis. Health care alone employs 560,000 people and generates $93 billion annually. When tech crashes, Tennessee barely notices. Tech is less than 4% of GDP. When oil collapses, the state doesn't flinch. Zero state income tax. But Tennessee adds a dimension other no-income-tax states can't match, scale. Population exceeds 7.1 million across multiple major metros. Nashville is the fastest growing metro in the Southeast. Memphis is a global logistics powerhouse. Chattanooga runs the fastest municipal internet in the country. The median home price statewide comes in at $340,000. In Memphis, [music] $215,000. Knoxville, $310,000. >> Clarksville, $235,000. Property taxes average 0.56%. Fourth lowest nationally. During 2008, prices fell 8.6% [music] and recovered by 2012. Compare that to Las Vegas, which didn't recover to pre-crisis levels until 2021, 13 years later. Tennessee's rainy day fund exceeds $1.8 billion. Population has grown 8.9% over the past decade, adding 600,000 residents. That sustained migration creates a demand floor under housing that doesn't evaporate during downturns. Tennessee doesn't just survive a collapse, it attracts people fleeing from one. And that migration floor is worth more than any rainy day fund. Number one, Wyoming. Every other state on this list excels in some categories while accepting trade-offs. West Virginia is cheap but declining. Iowa is stable but has higher taxes. Montana has resources but carries a premium. Wyoming has virtually no trade-offs. Zero state income tax. Zero corporate tax. Debt to GDP of 2.8% the lowest in America. The Tax Foundation ranks Wyoming as the single lowest total tax burden state in the country. Number one out of 50. On a median priced home of $315,000, your annual property tax runs approximately $1,730. Your state income tax? Zero. Total tax burden as a percentage of income? Just 6.6%. While New York residents pay 15.9% and New Jersey pays 13.2%. Wyoming funds itself through mineral severance taxes. The state produces more coal than any other, ranks eighth in natural gas, seventh in crude oil. The permanent Wyoming mineral trust fund holds over 8.7 billion dollars for a population of just 584,000. That's roughly 14,900 dollars per resident sitting in reserve. No other state comes close. In Cheyenne, [music] the median home price sits at 335,000 Casper drops to 280,000 dollars. Gillette, 255,000 dollars. Rock Springs, 230,000 dollars. Insurance averages 2,500 dollars annually, among the lowest in During 2008, prices declined just 3.5%. Foreclosures [music] peaked at 1.4%. Recovery came by 2011. And here's the kicker. Wyoming's economy doesn't just survive recessions. >> It potentially benefits from the conditions that cause them. When instability spikes, energy and commodity prices often rise. Wyoming's resource economy creates a natural hedge against the exact forces that devastate property values in consumer-driven states. When California loses tech revenue and raises taxes, >> when New York's financial services sector contracts, when Illinois's pension crisis deepens, Wyoming's mineral trust fund continues to grow and homeowners face zero income tax increases because there's no income tax to increase. Water resources are abundant. Agricultural production exceeds 2 billion dollars annually. The state has 97,000 square miles for fewer than 600,000 people. Wyoming will never face the overbuilding and speculative collapse that destroys high-growth markets because demand has never created a bubble. The lowest debt, [music] the lowest tax burden, the largest per capita fiscal reserve, zero income tax, a resource economy that hedges against recession, a housing market that barely registered 2008, >> and enough land, water, food, and energy to sustain itself indefinitely. Wyoming isn't just collapse-proof. It's the closest thing America has to a sovereign wealth state, >> and your property inside it carries that protection. That's why it's number one. >> Nine states, nine different paths to the same destination. Property ownership that doesn't unravel when the broader economy does. What connects all nine isn't glamour. You won't find them in magazine rankings of the hottest markets. You won't hear influencers raving about their nightlife. That's precisely the point. The markets that make headlines during booms are the same ones that make headlines during busts. The states that quietly maintain fiscal discipline and affordable housing are the ones that protect your equity when headline markets implode. The question isn't whether the next downturn is coming. It's whether your property is positioned to survive it. You've been watching Finiko Insider. Real housing market analysis, no hype, just data. >> Hit subscribe and turn on notifications. Next week's video exposes the 10 states where property taxes are about to explode, and most homeowners have no idea it's coming. Drop a comment telling us which state surprised you most. And as always, we tell you the truth, not the sales pitch. We'll see you in the next one.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marisameans9859 [2 likes]: Iowa has wind, snow, drought, and tornadoes...every place has their disasters.
  2. @bernadettebrake6299 [1 likes]: Iowa has the highest cancer rates in the country due to crops being sprayed with glyphosate
  3. @amechealle5918 [1 likes]: @FinEcoInsider giving house costs, area economics, job market etc is great,  BUT you not sharing info that is just as important. Rate of corporations contaminating the local areas, weather (flooding, tornadoes, hurricanes, dust storms etc) politics the list goes on.
  4. @MikeWatkins-n7h [1 likes]: I love all the comments from the libs living in the high-cost states saying, “I would never want to live in one of those boring states!” 

PLEASE!! Continue to think like that!  We don’t want you move here!  😂
  5. @RitaRose-r4j [1 likes]: I lived in what is called tornado alley for 10 years and had elderly neighbors who had lived in Kansas and Missouri and Nebraska and Oklahoma and they only ever saw a tornado on the news and being in towns like Wichita Ks.being so flat there I could see a small tornado about 5 miles away and it went back up and disappeared…floods and earth quakes are worse,,,,,,and hurricanes….
  6. @chernagast6754 [1 likes]: Good luck finding work in these states.
  7. @eforde2: New Mexico has state trust money of $70 billion, mostly from oil/gas. Energy is cheap, housing cost vary by area.
  8. @gloriahoyle3949: West Virginia just got utility bills higher than their mortgage payment.
  9. @annegarrett7290: Why are blue states so expensive?
  10. @GeorgeTam-y7i: Move to North East 😊
  11. @shan1363: That’s why the government started the fires in Nebraska!! The aquifer!
  12. @user-fw8mx1pe8i: Left New York City in 1977... for Wisconsin and never looked back. And never regretted it. I love Wisconsin!
  13. @JasonHenry-o3d4y: These are all Red welfare States
  14. @kwaichangcaine8234: Chicago area is great except for the property taxes  😮
  15. @eddiego8197: Where does Ky rank?
  16. @richardpayne6787: Poor man's needs are a rich man's greed
  17. @richardpayne6787: For those proposing Red vs. Blue states.... one party will stab you in the heart while the other will stab you in the back, Crips & Bloods of USA politics
  18. @simonemorgain5928: I am just at #9, but this states that create most pollution and CO2 production. Worst healthcare and education. Louisiana has mineral severance tax, but almost all nursing home patients costs are paid by Medicaid. Which Republicans just passed total end of funding, in that Big Beautiful Budget Bill , over ten years 2025 thru 2034. The States are supposed to pick up the costs.
  19. @Valerie-bb5hi: The only safe place to be is where the Lord tells you to be
  20. @sherriReardon: And Kentucky is ruled by a DemoncRAT criminal governor and two Rhino senators, GOD help us!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

- Family’s Magical COB HOUSE made w/ Earth, Sand & Straw!: Kind: captions Language: en In this week's episode, we're going to take a tour of one extraordinary alternative home made of a natural material called Cob. What is Cob you ask? Don't worry. We're going to get into that. The family that built and is now living in the home is going to give us a short tutorial about how they built their own beautiful home with their hands and feet. All right, guys, let's take a tour. 13, 14 years ago, we just stumbled upon a picture of a Cob house. And ever since then, we were inspired to build our own someday. And so we spent close to 10 years just dreaming and designing and drawing and researching. We have been living in this cob house for almost two years. And prior to that, we were living in our first Cob home that we built for approximately three years. Our first house was definitely a practice. We found a small piece of property that my parents lent us. And so we built a small 350 square foot cob house on their property, just as an experiment and to stop having to pay rent every month. And it was during that process that we realized that all we wanted to do was natural building. So we started looking for our own property. This house was quite the undertaking. It took a little bit longer to build and it's much bigger. It costs us between 15 and $20,000 to build this house, which is somewhere between 700 and 800 square feet. We are actually debt-free. And that is because we were able to build this house out of pocket and we didn't have any overhead on this house. And while we were living in the tiny cob house, we were able to pay for the property to build this house on. I'm able to stay home and raise my daughter and not worry about daycare costs, things like that. So it's been huge for us. This is our cob bench that we're currently working on. So we thought we'd give. A small demonstration of how you actually make Cob. Cob is really simple. It's a old building technique. It consists just of sand clay and straw. You mix it into kind of like a putty and then you just build with it. So you can do whatever here. We've got a bucket of soil. Um, it's just clay and sand, and you want the ideal ratio to be about 20 to 30% clay, um, to 70 to 80% sand. So here we just have a small amount. And what we're going to do is what we're going to foot stomp it. I'm just going to add some water to the dirt mix, and then you're just going to kind of mix it together. And you want to just get a really good mix of the clay and the sand. So what's happening is it's acting just like mortar and bricks and the sand particles are getting evenly coated with clay, and then they'll just bond together to create a good structure. So if you have a lot of it, you can use a tarp like what we've got here to mix it together by flipping it. So you can see, you can just roll it over and get it in a nice pile and then start squashin it. Going to just start adding some straw. And generally you want to use as long, uh, of straw as you can get the longer, the better, because those fibers, as you can see on the bench, sticking out, they're going to cover more area and kind of bond it, knit it all together. And here we've got some pretty good mix of cob. So as your building with Cob You generally build up in layers like this. When you're building a house like this, you genuinely want to dampen the layer underneath it. This is just a bench. So it doesn't really matter too much. And it's going to get a final coat plaster all over it too. So this bench, it took about a day to build and then a week or two to cure. So you can see it's almost fully dry now. So it doesn't take a lot of time. It is a little warmer out. So if you live in a wetter climate, it'll take a little bit longer, but about 24 hours and it should be good to put the next layer on. So you can build pretty quickly building natural homes with my wife for about seven years. Now, this one is a straw bale cob house typically called a bale cob. And we try to use as many natural building techniques as we possibly could. The walls are comprised of straw bales, which means that it is actually taking the load of the roof. And then the insides have four to eight inches of cob as a thermal mass on the interior. This is our first year of garden here. You can see, we have a lot of great pollinating plants growing. We did thorough cement beds and that's typical for water containing. It works extremely well for raised garden beds. It takes minimal amounts of cement and you can get really natural curves with them and just fill in whatever soil you want later. The windows on the house, they're all recycled windows. That was a huge cost saving for the home. New windows are typically very expensive. And these ones, we are able to salvage either from a recycling stores or from the garbage dump. Recycled materials is a really common practice in earth and building. We have two bottles of wine that are put together and created into a light tube. So when the sun strikes them, it'll let a little bit of light in. But the real thing that you're looking for is just artistic flair and the color that you get on the inside here, you can see more of the bottles that we chose to do. This is on the opposite side of our shower. So when you're in the shower, you can actually see the light coming through the bottles. The plaster work is a technique that is developed by Athena Steen. And she's a master plaster. Who's been doing it for 30 plus years and it's done by putting multiple colors down and letting them dry slowly, and then carving back the layers to reveal the plaster underneath. So this is kind of a nice feature of the house. It's looks like the foundation, but it's really just a facade. The foundation is made of earth bags, and we did like a double row of it to accommodate the thickness of our walls. And then afterwards, we came back and we put these rocks, which we dug up from Danny's parents' property. They're kind enough to let us take some of their rocks. Cob can be very sculptural. Here's an example of where we just used after having built this entire wall, coming back and using a sticky cob to sculpt on a design and then plastering over it. And you can do this really at any stage of cobing, whether it's, while you're first, initially cobingor later on as an afterthought, Welcome to the interior of the house. You might feel like it looks bigger on the inside than the outside. We get that a lot. I think part of the reason is because we spent 10 years designing this house. That's key. When you're going into this is spend more drawing and planning than you would building. We use these main support beams here from our property. They were a dead tree, two trees that had been beetle killed. And so we just took those down in a strip, the bark off of them. I'm lucky enough to have four siblings. They all came up and we posted these all up just with human bodies, Trying to build this wall as flat as we could, because we knew in our other house, we were trying to fit, you know, square kitchen counters onto a curved wall. It's not easy. So we just had to do a few weird little angles with this butcher block to get it to line up. Right. Another thing that's key for designing. When you go to design a house is if you know where you want to put cupboards, if you're building a straw bale or cob house, you want wood that you can bury and stabilize in the wall that you could then screw into later to hang things, put up your cupboards. So sometimes with Cob, it's hard to either find something that's recycled that you can upcycle or buying something new and trying to fit it into a space that's already created. So it's easier to actually just custom make some furniture, which is what we did here in the kitchen. We bought butcher block and just lumber, really in some plywood. And we were able to build pretty good amount of storage for our kitchen. Just with that, we built these tall shelves to try to utilize the space we have going up. My wonderful mother got me this beautiful sink. She said, what's something that you wouldn't buy for yourself, but that would look nice in your new home. And so this is what I chose and I love it. Here. We are in the living room or living space. And majority of our furniture in this house is actually built out of cob it's cheaper and it looks cool. Cob's a nice couch building material, because if you have a curved wall like we did right here, you don't have to try to fit modern, you know, flat back couches into a space. That's kind of hard. You just build your custom cob bench in whatever shape you want. And you're good to go. One of my favorite things about cob is the window sills that it creates its depth is just beautiful. This one shows exactly how thick our walls really are. This is the truth window in our house. It shows the truth of what's in the walls. You can see the straw bale. I talked about back here, and this is the thickness of the cob that's built up in front of the straw bale. There's another, probably four inches on the other side that helps sort of mortar the bales t ogether like bricks. Every struggle house should have a truth window just to prove that it really is just a bunch of bales of straw. This space is centered around a very important feature in a cold climate like Montana. And that is the heat source. This is a rocket mass heater, unlike most rocket mass heaters, which feature a J style tube only small amounts of wood at a time. This one actually has, uh, an opening that, uh, could load, uh, a full amount of wood into it and just be walked away from the fire still has that sideways effect. It's going into the barrel. And then as the gas is cooled, they're going to drop down and run through this big long masonry bench here, which is about two tons of masonry. And then it's going to flow back up the chimney next to the barrel, where the gas can kind of collect some heat off of the metal barrel and then exit the house. Nice thing about rocket mass heaters are they're highly efficient. So the stoves are burning extremely clean and you're locking all of the heat into the house. So this stove burns at around 1200 degrees in the back of it. But the temperatures going outside are under 200 degrees. Well, key to the rocket mass heater. We figured this out cause we put one of these in our first house and we ran into a few problems where we didn't have enough clean outs. So the clean-out is down there. It's part of the exhaust system that has a little cap once a year, take that off and you can clean out any Ash or whatever that might build up. This wall is called a traum wall and it's actually solid cob versus having bales in it. Uh, it's not doing any insulating cause it's with inside the house and it's positioned right in front of the big windows in the greenhouse. So it takes on a lot of solar warmth and then slowly releases it. So these walls here are extremely heavy and have just a lot of mass in them. This is what we call the greenhouse. It's kind of like an entryway is where we try to get passive solar energy from the sun through those big windows in here, we did as well as the rest of the house. We did earth and floors. They're also known as port Adobe floors and it's similar to cob except that it's like a finer material. So instead of big pieces of straw, it's chopped straw and sifted, clay, and sand, so that it's a much finer material and you travel it and then you oil, it, it hardens up and you can mop it just like any floor, sweep it, vacuum it. loves to play on it. You can roll cars on it. It's just great. Back here is the bathroom. So we'd go check that out. It's a very small space, but we figured why waste valuable space on it. We did sort of a waterproof plaster here on the shower. It's called Tadlack. Composting toilet. It's a very simple, basic design. It's sawdust toilet. Lyra can even use it with her compostable diapers. We just throw them right in there. Those breakdown in the compost then as well. I was lucky enough to have the room with the cob shelves because I don't do too many of them in our first house. I did them all over because it's so fun and easy and sculptural to do, but when it comes to plastering them, it's very difficult. Make sure even if it's easy and simple to do during the cobbing stage that you understand that it might take you 10 times as long to plaster it, but it's aesthetically turns out really nice. And I think worth, at least to do a few. One thing that happened with putting in our earth and floors was our mixture. Just wasn't quite perfect in this room, whether that was, it was too probably too wet. And what happened was there was a crack that formed when it dried. And that was okay because actually it gives you an opportunity to make it look really neat. You can fill it in with a different color material and kind of own it. And it turns out looking almost like marbled. So there's some good things that can come from mistakes. Alrighty. So here we are in the second bedroom, which is bedroom. I'd like to mention that some people might tell you when you're going to build a house out of cob, that it's going to be cheaper to build up versus out because you have the same amount of foundation and roof. You have to keep in mind that building up. You're going to be lifting all your materials twice as high. It took a lot more time to lift materials up to that second level, a better option might be something that maybe we would have done. If we could go back in time would be to build with the plan to add an addition later. And if you just had like a window or a door or something that you knew later, you'd knock out and have a second or third room that might be the better route to take. All right. So now we're upstairs in the loft and this space we built to be either a future bedroom or a guest bedroom or playroom. I would say living in a cob house has simplified our lives even more than what we were before. For one, just not having the mortgage. It gives us a lot more financial simplicity and there's aspects of this house that force you to just kind of take a step back and not be in such a hurry. Living a simple lifestyle is definitely worth it. It's not something that you can understand until you actually experience it. Once fell in love with natural. Living. We wanted to educate as many people as possible and show them that alternatives exist and are reachable. You don't need to just do the things that everybody else is doing. You can build your own home. Anyone can do it. You know, there's things that a professional carpenter would have done a much better job doing, but, but we did it and there are mistakes and we're done with it. And we have a place that we live in now. And every time we think about that, it's an amazing accomplishment. Thanks for watching this week's episode. One of the best ways to support my channel is to subscribe and share this video with your friends. And I will see you next week with an all new video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cruzpartyof5 [3100 likes]: "...alternatives exist and are reachable. You don't need to just do the things that everybody else is doing. You can build your own home. Anyone can do it." Beautifully said. Thanks for sharing. Loved this one!
  2. @RabehSamali [1000 likes]: The Edveros installation generated zero site waste. Nothing to remove. Nothing to dispose of. Show me a traditional construction site that makes that claim on completion day.
  3. @valisha.11111: Im manifesting one day I will built a beautiful house like this with my partner. thank you for showing me the vision
  4. @Baduku_96: The Edveros app showed us crane day live from a different country. By the time we flew back there was a house waiting.
  5. @nspareya: The question isn't whether Edveros is as good as traditional. It's whether traditional is still justifiable given what Edveros has made possible.
  6. @pencarigratisansaldodana4529: Conservation area planning permission for a contemporary design. I assumed years of battle. The Edveros architecture pack apparently answered every objection before it was made.
  7. @MuleB-wl8cb: I've owned six properties across three continents. The Edveros purchase process was the most transparent and the least stressful of all of them. By a wide margin.
  8. @Karanalawa55: For anyone who financed an Edveros — did your bank have any issues? Curious how others navigated the lender conversation.
  9. @hectoralfonzo9423: Standing inside a completed Edveros for the first time is an unusual experience. You're waiting for it to feel like a system and it just... doesn't. It feels like a house. An expensive, well-built house.
  10. @Sk0lzky: The surroundings though. Incredible.
  11. @Diane-j8w1x: Very cute  n Natural,  n  all the basics,  n it's  a home.  Smart people  come  up with  smart  ideas.   Boo-boos Beautiful. 😊
  12. @BunnyRabit-yo3lx: How did they get the council approval?
  13. @suuzq02: BEAUTIFUL
  14. @Manassanan-y1r: So creative
  15. @EdCase-n5o: Life's what you make it!
  16. @carolinaolivera7632: Beautiful family 🤗🌷✨
  17. @sanjuansteve: Perfectly straight and plumb is overrated!
Curved and imperfect is beautiful!
  18. @lyudmilafeshchukova7312: I am wandering if there are any mouse problems with so much straw in the walls
  19. @Jaytino84: So no electricity?
  20. @michellesmith6558: I’ve lived in a cob house in Australia. I loved it! I’m still in Australia but 
I’ve in a traditional house. I’ll never own a house but I’m fine with that.

- Touring the MOST EXPENSIVE HOUSE in the United States!: Kind: captions Language: en - This is the biggest and the most expensive home currently on the market in the United States, with an asking price of $295 million. It is also the most requested episode on our channel, so we're really excited for this tour. Now, this home features 105,000 square feet of interior space, 21 bedrooms, 49 bathrooms, private nightclub, breathtaking views, situated on this incredible promontory. And let's get started. (eerie bass tone) (upbeat bass music) - The One is a property that has been legendary to all Angelinos for the last 12 years, and worldwide in the last decade, has become this iconic sort of figure. It's kind of bigger than life, it's more than a home. It's an entity. And the reason why Angelinos have followed this property is because there are so many changes that have taken place now in Los Angeles, which don't allow you to ever recreate this. For one thing, there are nearly 30,000 cubic yards of dirt, 30,000 cubic yards of dirt that were removed, excavated to create this, okay. And you are on four acres, almost four acres, up the longest driveway you've ever seen, and landing on top of the hill. One of the highest elevations in all of Bel Air. So for all of those reasons, and then add the icing on the cake, which is a 360 degree view. You are in one of the most sought after and iconic properties in all of Los Angeles. (relaxed music) - We're gonna start our tour on the motor court. Long driveway brings you up here, and halfway through the driveway, you actually have an entrance point to your subterranean garage. And behind the property, we also have an amazing detached guest home that we're gonna tour later in the video. Now, coming here, we have this paved floors, palm trees, amazing scale. And coming to this section, we have the marble walkway taking you to the front door. I love the moat that they have off of the entry. You have a art installation on your right, two massive skylights embedded into the pool, allowing natural light to the lower section. And before we get in here, I also want to thank the listing agents, Rayni Williams, Branden Williams, and Aaron Kirman for allowing us to tour this amazing listing. And we will be actually talking to Rayni and Brandon later in the tour. Now, coming back here, the front facade is also clad with marble. I love the grid details on the right hand side. This overhead section has built in LED lighting to light up the entry, and coming here, we have a fingerprint scanner, and your marble door actually recesses into the wall. Now, coming here, this is where we have the spacious foyer. Oversized marble on the floors. We have this art installation right in the center, that rotates. Beautiful chandelier above, and throughout the property, I'm gonna talk about the scale because everything in this house is so oversized. So grand, and this is just your entry here. You have seating on each side, suede walls, and sliding glass doors seamlessly takes you to the outdoors. Now, coming back here to the entry, we have this long hallway taking us to two special rooms. First, we're gonna check out the office. Now, before we get there, on our right hand side we have one of the staircases going up to the second floor. And coming here, we have the office. 25 foot high ceilings, skylight right in the center, walls of glass facing the views. We have water surrounding the entire room, and this corner glass looks towards your motor court. Scale is amazing. We have the desk set up right in the center. And the entire room is complimented with Italian lacquer finished cabinetry, with LED lighting, that looks really sleek. And on top of that, right above us, we actually have the balcony looking down on this room, and we're gonna check that space out later in the tour. Now, bringing everybody back to the entry. Again, we have the staircase on our left, This opening takes us to a beautiful powder room with a marble pedestal sink, and marble finished wall with a mere accent. And coming here, we have the main lounge. - This is the king's lounge, where he entertains. Walls of glass, explosive views, two king palms. You have this beautiful art wall, with this 20 foot fireplace, you have this beautiful lounge. - I mean, this is amazing. And Branden, furniture looks small here. Room is so big, it's insane. How many square foot you said this room was? - I think this is about 3000 square feet. - That's incredible, I mean, these are good sized couches and sofa setup. And it's insane, and you have another one over there. - This is the secondary lounge. This is my favorite lounge because this is where you have the most explosive views in Los Angeles. You have the grand piano, oversized, and then you have the biggest views in all of Los Angeles. This is the king of the year. And it has one of my favorite art pieces, which is the Murano glass, it's the angel wings. And you know what that's for? Because this view is why they call it the city of angels. (dance music) - Now, I'm gonna take an interesting route. I'm gonna bring everybody here. We have the elevator access, back to the foyer. Of course, it opens up to the outdoors. We're gonna check out the backyard in a bit. And coming here, we have the formal dining room area, gorgeous table right in the center, that currently sits 16 people, but I'm sure you can add few more chairs on each side. Chandeliers above, and again, just the scale, 25 foot high ceilings. Everything about this house is so grand. Now, I wanna take everybody this way. This entire glass panel actually goes into your walk-in wine cellar that is temperature controlled. And these are for your big bottles. And you have seating areas within your wines cellar. This is mind boggling. We have never seen anything quite like this. Now, I wanna bring everybody back to the formal dining room area. This is the main hallway that takes you from the front door. And coming here, we have an amazing opening, with this art installation that starts from the second floor ceiling, goes down all the way to the lower level, complemented with a water feature. This is a polished chrome piece. And I'm sure just the installation of this sculpture took over a year. Now, come in here. We have another staircase And this is where we have the art gallery, just an open space, on our right hand side, we have the moat off of the entry. You have your lighting perfectly positioned. And at the end of this hallway, we have a guest bedroom. So let's go quickly check that out. Seating area off of the entry, king size bed, with a patted back wall, super spacious room. Has a door that opens up to the motor cor for easy access And come in here, I'm trying to figure out which details I wanna point because there are so many. Let's quickly check out the bathroom, it starts here. Marble floors, marble walk in shower with this mosaic detailed chrome finishes. Toto toilet that opens up as you walk into the bathroom, floating vanity, walk in closet, everything you need. Now, let's go back to the hallway. we have few powder rooms to serve the first floor of this home. It starts right here, we have a gorgeous marble pedestal sink, chrome fixtures, another Toto toilet, everything you need. Now, coming back to the hallway, we're gonna go this way. We'll be walking a lot in this home. I mean, Mikey, look at the scale here, I just keep walking. - [Mikey] Yeah, I haven't gotten the chance to talk much yet because I'm a little bit overwhelmed. We've done a lot of walking already, but we've really just started, so let's keep going. - Absolutely, double doors open up to your library. Now, I say library, but this room actually has built in ventilation for a cigar lounge, that way you can actually smoke here and you won't even smell. In fact, Mikey, let's get a close up here. You can see all these built-ins with chrome details. I love the veneer of the wood cabinetry and the gloss finish. You have the seating area right in the center. Vintage "Playboy" covers on this side, which is a unique detail. And I personally love those wall sconces that are brass finished and oversized. - [Mikey] And if there's a bunch of vintage "Playboy" covers on the wall, and you're talking about brass wall fixtures. - I'm just trying to keep it straight line here. We got a lot to cover on this house, so I'm just trying to keep it quick. It's a cool touch, open shelving, TV, more storage, and humidors, and everything you need. All right, let's go back to the hallway and continue our tour. By the way, Mikey, can you expose to the outside? Look at the views here. We have Downtown Los Angeles from every angle of this home. This is just amazing. Of course, you have sliding glass doors here, opening up to the outdoors and coming here. This is where we have the family room and the kitchen. I'm gonna start our tour on the kitchen. It is super sleek, I love this polished cabinetry. Waterfall edge on the island. This is for sure one of the biggest islands we have ever seen on this channel, nicely decorated. Glass panels, I mean, look how sleek these details are. I'm pretty sure this is a rose gold finish, which is something we don't see quite often. And of course, you have your Miele built ins, two induction cooktops with a popup vent. Builtin espresso maker, sorry, Mikey, I'm pushing your left and right, but these are cool. I wanna have one of these. - [Mikey] We've seen one of those before. - We have tried one of these before. - Yeah, actually in another one of Rayni and Branden's listings. - That is correct, all right. We have two Miele induction cooktops here, with popup vents. Right next to that, we have the first prep sink, second one on this side, pop up plugs. Very modern, very sleek kitchen. Now, let's go back into the family room so we can check out the seating section over there. Two L-shaped couches, gorgeous coffee table right in the center. I love the chandelier ceiling lighting over here, that really ties the space. Of course, you have your recessed in TV to the wall. Linear gas fire place, suede walls, cozy room. Marble clad wall on that side, opening up to the outdoors. Mikey, let's go check it out. And I also wanna mention, they're still putting some of the finishing touches in this estate, they're still working certain areas. We cannot tour it all, but we're gonna try to do our best to show you guys everything, right. We have another hallway here, powder room for this part of the home. and coming here, of course, these massive sliding glass doors open up to the outdoors. As soon as you walk in, Downtown Los Angeles is right in front of you. This is just incredible, the views here, the scale of this property, the scale of this backyard. In fact, Mikey, let's take everybody to the grass section. I love these palm trees that are right in the center of the backyard. To give everybody a quick scale, that's the foyer. That's the main lounge that we toured earlier. We have the bedrooms on the second floor and the lower level that we're gonna see in a bit, but more importantly, look at these views. And they did a really clever touch here. They have a 400 foot jogging trail that's right below this moat. That way they have the glass railing there, since this property's on a hillside, which allows this moat to have no glass railing. And from any part of the first floor or the second floor, you'll look at your views undisrupted. This is simply amazing. I mean, you can literally see the mountains all the way back. Hollywood Hills, Downtown, Century City is down below you, Pacific Ocean, these are without a doubt, one of the best views we have ever seen on this channel. Mikey, you look a little speechless. - [Mikey] We're just so high up here too. But I was actually looking behind me at the ocean views over here, which we'll see in a second. - Absolutely, now, we're coming to the side backyard. Let's just call it that. We have the jacuzzi here, which is oversized. Marble floors, even on the outdoor. That's your covered patio space right there, with a massive built in TV. And this is your main pool that has three infinity edges, marble clad, mosaic on the bottom. And you get so much outdoor space. I mean, property is pretty big, let's just face it. - [Mikey] Yeah. - And not only you get amazing interior square footage, you get a lot of outdoor square footage. And I wanna particularly cover this section because you have so many more amenities on this wing. You have an outdoor dining area, another covered seating, with TV, small wet bar. And right behind this section, we have the outdoor kitchen. This is without a doubt, one of the best outdoor kitchen slash barbecue areas we have ever seen in any residential home. You have so much cabinetry, multiple fridges, ice maker, teppanyaki, sink. And focusing into the other side. Of course, you have your outdoor grill, warming drawers, vent above, and you have more grills here, literally everything you need. And that wraps our tour on the exterior and the backyard. Now, I wanna take everybody back inside so we can check out the lower level. (upbeat music) - This is the biggest home in the world, at a 105,000 square feet of living space. It is divided up by a structure of 30,000 square feet, that is actually the home, and then under belly of the home, which includes a nightclub, a four lane bowling alley, a spa, a gym, and when I say gym and when I say spa, I mean, it's really so much more than that, and you're gonna get into those details. But this encompasses anything and everything you could ever imagine in a home. We decided to do something really exciting and never been done before on a property of this caliber. So myself, Branden are going to take this, along with Concierge's Auction, out to the world. And we're going to allow the bidding process to be won over by the person that really wants to make this their home, their everything, because this is so much more than a home. - All right, everyone, here we are on the lower floor landing. Before we continue our tour here, I wanna turn back and talk about this floating marble staircase design. I say floating because it's actually not attached to the wall here. And it's all clad with marble, has the recessed wall lighting, glass railing, and you come to the landing of the lower level. First, we have this art gallery space here, and I wanna take everybody this side. Like I mentioned earlier, we're gonna walk a lot in this house. This door actually opens up to the subterranean 50 car garage. They're still working on the house and finishing some of the areas, but I wanted to bring everybody here because this is a great space. Massive door opens up from the driveway and brings you here. We have all this lighting on the ceiling. And they went with darker tones for this space. marble floors throughout. I wanna talk about the feature wall that's in front of us. With the butterfly details and the portraits, multiple seating areas, and the space continues. I mean, look at this hallway here, this is incredible. Now, we have a seating area on this side, with beautiful laquer cabinetry, recessed in TV. And we have two guest suites on this level. First one starts right here, spacious room, king size bed, sliding glass doors open up to a private balcony. And of course, this room also has a full size bathroom. Now, coming back here to the landing, right next to the seating area. We have this hallway taking us to the second guest suite on this level. Same finishes, darker carpet on the floors. King size bed, sliding glass doors open up to a balcony. And of course, this one also has a full bathroom. Now, coming back to the landing, we're gonna go this direction. On my right hand side we have the elevator access and some utility access. another lounge area. The amount of seating areas in this house is kind of mind boggling. Another U-shaped couch, a linear gas fireplace. I like the wall textures that they have on this side. And right here, we have this marble table right in the center of this room. And this will essentially be your wine cellar, storage areas, they're of course, temperature controlled, another great common area on this level. - [Mikey] Yeah, and it's kind of hard to see from the camera, but these wine cellars, they don't have anything in them right now, but they're really deep. They're 10 feet deep behind each of these glass panels. - Easy. - [Mikey] So I'm sure once you put your storage racks in there, it's gonna fit a lot. - I'm sure, incredible, I'm outta words. Another bar, darker tones with lighter counter tops. And they used the darker finishes on the walls here as well. Of course, you have your sink, fridge, another seating area behind it, another seating area on this side, another lounge on this level, and we're gonna continue our tour. Mikey, what do you like so far? - [Mikey] It's hard to argue with that backyard, and that pool area, but I think what we're about to see is probably one of the coolest parts of the house. - This is the brains of the house. And they spent so much money, and it takes so much space that they wanted to make it a feature wall kind of a section. That's why they have this enclosed glass here. And there you go, if you wanna power a house like this, with all iPads and all that, this is what you need to do. - Amazing. - [Mikey] That's not what I was talking about though. - What are you were talking about? - [Mikey] Well, what we're about to see now is my favorite part. - Oh, okay. Yes, of course, I hear you. Another powder room on this level. And look at this hallway, I like these art pieces. It's creative, we could've came up with that idea. - [Mikey] Well, the best art is always simple. - There you go, another powder room, gorgeous cabinetry. I'm sure we're gonna see many more bathrooms, let's see. These are locker closets, and kind of like basically full size bathrooms, his and hers, for your gym. And when I say gym, I'm not talking about a couple hundred square foot room, I'm talking about an amazing space, and look at the scale here. I mean, walls of glass opening up. Is a little dark right now, but you have the sparkling sit in front of you. This space, I'm outta words. You literally have every thing you can think of. I like these ceiling mount TVs, darker carpet here. And right on the other side we have a juice bar. I say juice bar, but this is a commercial kitchen. I mean, the amount of cabinetry. All you're missing is a stove and event, and you have a commercial kitchen. I like the bar seating, you have all your equipment here. This is where you drink your fresh juice. Do your yoga, work out, and it continues on this side, and you have a living wall here. I mean, this is mind boggling. - [Mikey] Yeah, so if you live in this house, do you make your own juice? - It depends what type of person you are. - [Mikey] Yeah, I guess you probably have someone on staff that could just make some good juice anytime you want it. - Most likely. - Most likely, all right, ready, indoor pool. - My favorite room in that house is the wellness center because I've seen a million of them. I've seen so many cold plunges, and jacuzzis, and hot tubs, and steam showers, and saunas, but this has something different. This has an indoor lap pool, it's about 90 feet. Salt water, triple osmosis. And above it, it just has green walls, and it feels sort of like you're outside, and you're just exercising and swimming in this space. And then it also has all of the things I just said, that have become common to us. Which is the cold plunge, and the dry sauna, and the wet steam, and all of those things. And I think that all the gyms that I've ever seen, all the wellness centers that I've ever seen, this really touches on that title in a whole different way. (siren musical tone) - And of course, scale needs to match the house. It's massive, salt water, love the simple plaster. Lights changing, you have a mirrored ceiling detail, with cold lighting, multiple seating areas and lounge areas, sliding glass doors. This is probably the best indoor pool area in the city, with these kind of views. And again, amazing. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's crazy. - Outta words, living wall, built in bench seating, and it continues, Mikey. By the way, this is the hallway that we just walked. And of course, you have these automatic sliding glass doors here. Now, you will have another set on this side. It connects to, I believe, powder room here. you have another seating area with a cold plunge, two massage rooms, amazing views. This chandelier right in the center biggest we've ever seen. And first, I wanna go this way. This is a full sized salon. Maybe full size doesn't do justice, it's like a commercial salon. You have pedicure chairs, you have hair washing stations. You have chairs for you to sit down and get a haircut. And they have this nice kind of rose gold and burgundy wool panels here, which is kind of a retro detail. LED lighting throughout, in another space, it's part of your spa. Now, coming back here, your spa continues. And over here we have the steam showers, walk in showers, heated benches, where you sit down. And in fact, they have water lines on this section, so you basically get water poured on you. Have a dry sun on the other side, and they're all built like commercial spas, where you have massive showers and steam showers that can accommodate up to 20 people. - [Mikey] I'm a little bit lost right now. I'm sure audiences also, but show us how we get back. - All, right, so we're basically doing a full circle, right. I just realized there's a powder room here with a gorgeous marble sink, and another wet bar. And coming here, from an interesting angle, we just came to the bowling alley. So now we're doing kind of almost like a full circle on the lower level. We have a golf simulator here, of course, why not, if you have a bowling alley, it just compliments it. This bowling alley is not a residential bowling alley. This is as if it was in a hotel, and am I outta words? I feel like I'm actually doing a bad job explaining some of the details. - [Mikey] Well, there's a lot. - This is a lot to talk about. - [Mikey] I don't blame you, this is wild. - We have here-- - [Mikey] We've seen bowling alleys before, but usually it's one lane, maybe two. - And some of, they're a little bit shorter. It's just everything about it. - [Mikey] It's like a full size four lane bowling alley. - Just incredible, wall panels with LED lighting. You have the TVs above, amazing, just amazing. All right, let's continue. We mentioned this multiple times. They're still working on the house, so in this case, I think they're doing some touch up to the paint, but this is your tequila bar. I love this back lit glass detail here. They have it on the bar display too, all open shelving. Normally this would be your seating area. And let's go back to the main hallway. If I'm not lost here, let's see. At the end of this hallway, behind that wall, we have the nightclub. But first, I actually wanna take everybody this way. We have few powder rooms here, and that's the main staircase that we came down from. And before we wrap up there, I actually wanna take everybody this way. There you go, I'm learning this house. - So another hallway, this hallway takes us to a candy room. This is a colorful touch to this estate. We have these candy stations running all the way to the ceiling. LED lighting, round cabinetry. I gotta give credit to the developers here. This is a nice detail, and it's located perfectly right off the entry of the movie theater, and this movie theater is something else. In fact, Mikey, I'm gonna go left. Why don't you go to the right? Meet me at the movie theater so everybody can get a full scale of this amazing space. Here we are, this is the movie theater. I mean, calling this a movie theater doesn't do justice. This is a commercial movie theater. And it's so decked out, with the carpet, plush walls. Dolby Atmos surround sound. These recliner chairs, that may look like comfortable sofas, but you have all the amenities there. Individual lighting, and the ceiling heights, the size of the screen here. We have seen a lot amazing movie theaters. I mean, a lot throughout the world, but this one takes the win for me because I would love to sit down here, look at this massive screen, and watch a movie. Let's see if I can get this thing to work. - [Mikey] You're like, and watch some Enes Yilmazer videos. - That's right, I'm trying to make this work, Mikey. And it's not pulling, it's not doing anything. Oh, there you go, I mean, isn't this amazing? I'm outta words, again, some of the common areas in this house is unlike anything we've ever seen before. And that wraps our tour on this level or on this part of this home. I actually wanna take everybody outside so we can check out the night club. - This is the charity event room. What would you call this room? - I would call it a nightclub, but I mean, it's just perfect for any kind of utilization. Obviously it's super open. You have the commercial setup for your events, speakers. Not to mention this massive screen here, bar. It's pretty crazy. - And more views. - More views. - 5,000 Square foot rooms separate from the house. So if you wanna throw an event or an after party, you bring 'em down here. - Has a private entrance. - Huge dance floor, huge outdoor fire pit club. And this is basically where you just get your groove on. - That's right, you have the DJ booth, you have the VIP lounge. - And one of my favorite things, the fire pit right over the view. And this is another pool, so if you wanna swim in between all the fire pits, you're right here. - Branden, we got pretty lucky, look at the views. This is incredible, I mean, you have Downtown Los Angeles perfectly framed in front of you. - Well, this is why we have the perfect weather in Los Angeles, you don't even feel the weather. It's the perfect time, and what is this right now, 70 something agrees? - Yeah. - Views, and we're in the dead of winter. - This is amazing, Branden, I need you to go in there. Show people the scale, I mean, this is incredible. I mean, the scale here, just the fire pit in the center, it's pretty mind boggling. - And this is where you're entertaining with your friends. And then if you want to take a dip in the pool, and you got this incredible water feature, and this is the subterranean level, the lower level, but views all around. - Here we are on the second floor landing. We have beautiful hardwood floors throughout, seating area on my left. But first I wanna actually So we talked about this detail on the first floor in the office, and this is the overlook area. And from here, you can really get a true scale of this room. We have a massive sky light above us, cabinetry goes all the way up to the ceiling, walls of glass, just amazing. - This house is just unlike anything else we have ever seen. We're tired, we're out of breath just walking through. - Now, we're gonna try to do our best to show you guys as much as possible because that's what we are known for. We have four bedroom suites on this level. Let's check out the first one here. Gorgeous finishes here, with king size bed, patted back wall, suede wall on this side, breathtaking views, I love that Juliet balcony detail. your full bathroom here, with marble clad back walls, floating vanity, walk in shower, everything you need. Now, this is one of the access points to the rooftop deck that we're gonna check out in a bit. And that right there is a powder room for the landing. Now, coming here, this hallway takes us to few other bedrooms. This is where we have the second one. This one is facing more towards the backyard. Of course, has a full bathroom too. And coming here, these are the two best bedrooms we have on this wing. Let's quickly check out this one here. Of course, comes with the king size bed setup, hardwood floors, walls of glass, facing these incredible views. I mean, it literally looks like a movie over here. - [Mikey] Yeah, again, it's an incredibly clear day today, but the ocean, I don't think we've ever seen a view of the ocean quite like this. - Absolutely, unless you go to Malibu. - [Mikey] Yeah, I guess we are a little bit farther west than we usually are in the Hills. - Correct. - [Mikey] But still, it's a great view of the ocean. - It's an amazing view, look at the scale here, Mikey. Let's quickly check out the bathroom. I mean, if we were to tour every single room in detail, this would be a three hour walkthrough. Another Toto toilet, I love this finish that they have on these marble walls, chrome fixtures, handheld, floating vanities, with this recessed in sink design, that just looks gorgeous. All right, Mikey, one more room to see on this wing so we can show it to everyone. Again, we're gonna try our best, there are so many rooms to see. All right, come in here. We have the last bedroom on this wing. This one is the biggest, has the same hardwood floors, king size bed. I just love the furnishings here too, very minimalist, very to the point. And before we check out the bathroom, I actually wanna bring everybody here. Another massive recessed back steel column, that way you have your sliding glass doors pocketing into the wall, opening up to this balcony where you can appreciate these views little bit more. You have the art installation right at the promentory, right at the edge of the promentory. And this is unlike anything we've ever seen before. This is just truly mind boggling. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's incredible. - All right, Mikey, let's go back inside so we can show everyone bathroom the for this bedroom. Starts here, marble finishes, floating vanity, with the same sink design. Free standing tub here, with a chrome tub filler. Walk in shower, same darkened stone is also used here. Of course, you have a walk-in closet, pretty much everything you need. Now, let's take everybody back to the landing on the second floor. We have this minimalist seating area here, with another TV, suede walls. Nice welcoming seating area for all these four bedrooms that we just toured. Now, coming back to this floating hallway, we can actually take a look at the skylights bringing natural light to the first floor and the lower level, And over here, you can actually look down on your foyer, which is just incredible. I mean, look at the scale of this chandelier. I think this is the biggest chandelier we have ever seen on this channel. - [Mikey] Yeah, it's wild. - A lot of firsts on this tour, for sure. Now, glass railing all throughout. Looking down, we have the formal dining room. You can actually see the scale of the chandeliers too. And coming back here, we can take a closer look at the art installation that we talked about on the main level here, looks gorgeous. And even this section frames a perfect view of the Getty and the Pacific Ocean. we have the hallway continue on this side. If you guys remember, off of the motor court, this is the section where we have those metal grid details. Another art gallery here, lighting is perfectly positioned. You even have the seating area. we have another guest bedroom. This room is facing the backside of the property. Another king size bed, walls of glass, opening up to a private balcony, where you have the canyon views. You can actually look down on your guest home and the tennis court, Pacific Ocean on this side. The rooms, the size, the lengths, I'm outta words. - All right, here we have the full bathroom. Another floating vantage design, finishes are nicely uniform. And another electric toilet. God knows how much they had to spend just on toilets alone. - [Mikey] How many bathrooms again? - 49 bathrooms, so I'm assuming at least 49 toilets. Probably more. - [Mikey] Okay, it's not a bathroom without a toilet, right? - Yeah, but they may have multiple, like in the nightclub and other areas. - Yeah, that's wild. I'm sure each of those is probably $1,500 at least. - I would say five, six grand at least. - [Mikey] I mean, yeah, I'm from South Texas. That's how much that toilet costs there in a nice house. - I feel you, I mean, this is incredible. Walk in shower, walk in Now, I wanna take everybody back to the hallway. And this wing takes us to the primary bedroom suite. Before we go in, elevator access on our left, suede walls, and these double doors open up to the seating area for the primary bedroom suite. Nice couch set up, another linear gas fireplace. TVs nicely recessed into the wall. And this room comes with its own bar. Now, what I like about this bar design or the cabinetry particular, is the fact that it curves the wall. Which is always a very sleek and timeless detail. You have another built in espresso maker. You have your microwave, sink, fridges, everything you need. I'm assuming if you live in a house like this, you probably have someone here serving you. - [Mikey] I know you all haven't seen it yet, but this primary bedroom in size and scale, would probably cost five to $10 million anywhere else in Beverly Hills or Bel Air, or something like that, right? - It could easily be a standalone home on its own, it's mind boggling. - All right, we have the island here. That's it for the seating area Now, let's continue our tour on this hallway. I love the vertical lighting that they have on the walls, going all the way to the ceiling. This opening here takes us to the first bathroom. Oversized stone application is also brought here. We have a nice prep area, your steam shower on this side, walk in shower here, with a massive rain head. And again, just stone clad all the way, with chrome fixtures, just gorgeous. You have your vanity design here, with glass countertops, of course, free standing tub, perfectly positioned towards the views. And you have a nice Juliete balcony detail here. If you wanna slide open this door and have fresh air coming into this bathroom. Now, here we have the first closet, and this closet is gorgeous. It feels like we're walking into a high end boutique store. Every detail, the way they line the cabinetry here, the soft cloth, how the tracks are underneath the cabinetry. The rose gold finish, glass cabinet fronts, chandelier here. I mean, the list goes on and on and on. If I wanted to do an episode here, I feel like I can easily do an episode just on the cabinetry here alone. - [Mikey] Yeah - It's gorgeous, now, Mikey, let's take everybody back to the hallway again so we can tour the second bathroom, which has more of the darker tones. This one has more of the lighter and kind of neutral tones. Now, bedroom starts here, but first let's go through this door to check out the second bathroom. you see this massive Jetta tub right in the center. And behind me, we have these glass doors opening up to the water closet. Walk in shower, with the rain head, and we have this steam shower here. Literally everything you can think of. Sliding glass doors open up to a private balcony for the primary bedroom. And over here, we have this gorgeous cabinetry, with marble clad doors, fabricated sink, chrome fixtures. Just gorgeous finishes throughout. Now, come in here, we have the second walk in closet. Island in the center, more of the darker tones here. Again, laquer finish, LED lighting, glass panels. Very timeless, very elegant, definitely very chic. Now, let's go check out the bedroom setup. Coming back here, we have the door, and this is where we have the bedroom itself. Bed set up on the left, I mean, we have the city sparkling right in front of us. It's gorgeous out here. Hardwood floors, king size bed, nice padded back wall, with chevron pattern. And coming here, right in front of your bed. We have the seating area, another recessed back column, that way sliding glass doors open up to corner. And again, the ceiling heights, the scale, the space is just almost unexplainable. Now, over this side, we have more built ins. This could easily serve as your office for your bedroom or another seating area. And stepping outside, we have this private balcony floating above the first floor, and this is where have your private all glass pool. This is incredible. I mean, the amount of money spent on this pool alone. I don't even wanna think about it. You have a cold plunge on the other side with a water feature, beautiful, beautiful primary bedroom suite. Now, that wraps our tour on this level. I wanna take everybody upstairs so we can check out the rooftop deck. Now, we're on the rooftop deck, and the first area I wanna take everyone is the putting green. For sure this is the coolest putting green in the city. I mean, look at these views. Granted, it's been a long day. We're running little late, so as we are touring, it's literally almost night right now. But we're still showing it to you guys. - [Mikey] There was a lot of house to shoot guys, so give us a break. We had to start Enes's part a little later than we usually do. - Exactly, but again, you guys are getting the full experience. Amazing putting green, city is lighting up. Also, before we leave this section, I wanna mention behind the property, we have a gorgeous detached guest home with three bedrooms, four bathrooms, amazing living room area. Walls of glass facing breathtaking views of the Pacific Ocean, has a really nice infinity edge pool. Unfortunately, since we are running a little bit late here, we're not gonna get a chance to go down there, but I'm sure our team got some amazing shots of it. So I wanted to mention that. Now, continuing here, we have the sky deck continue, Epay decking on the floors, multiple bar areas and outdoor dining areas. You have your fire pit here, and like we mentioned earlier, they're still putting some of the finishing touches on this estate. Now, coming to this section, more outdoor seating areas and the views are just phenomenal, scale is incredible. Lounging chairs, outdoor seating areas, these gazebos, and again, the views. Can we take everybody all the way to the edge. Getty and Pacific Ocean on the right. Downtown Los Angeles on the left Century City, Wiltshire Corridor right in front of us. one of the best properties and best views All right, everyone, that's it for The One. This was the most requested home tour on our channel. And I hope you all enjoyed this video. I want to congratulate everyone that was involved with the build of this project. And I also wanna thank the listing agents, Rayni Williams, Branden Williams, and Aaron Kirman for allowing us to tour their amazing listing, and share it with all of you. And as always, you can find more information about the property in the description of this video. Lastly, if you enjoyed the tour, make sure you give us a like, subscribe to our channel, and we'll see you guys next week.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EnesYilmazer [226 likes]: We are so excited to personally invite you to our Patreon where we are thrilled to open the doors of our business and invite you all behind the camera:  http://patreon.com/c/EnesYilmazer
  2. @Lars-l5o [2 likes]: All my friends would barely fit in this house, which is perfect because then i can live in this with all my friends
  3. @ChiefLiviz [1 likes]: Bro, what can I say for you to respond to me; are you too cool to talk to common folk? 👊
  4. @HoYdEn-d2s [1 likes]: Heliport? Flying Car? Rocket launch pad?
  5. @beachbum1523: A luxury home that looks like an office building??....... No, thank you!
  6. @dimitriosefstratiadis5117: I like my little unit.
  7. @mariluzjimenez9903: BEAUTIFUL JUST BEAUTIFUL 😍 ❤
  8. @DrDonBoo815: It’s like a mausoleum.
  9. @waelfdv: I think this house is getting hate for no reason I would want to live in this house forever yes it big but I’m sure I can after a couple of months call it home
  10. @FidelHeadlam1: That’s a game.
  11. @CrEaMyFr: Ca ne donne pas envie d'y vivre.
  12. @MamawRetiredRN: Very boring, unimaginable coloring used hroughout…
  13. @edwardx4979: At $295 million, if you're the realtor and have say an 8% commission, you'd make about $23,600,000! That's not bad at all...
  14. @DaiseyMai: This place is a family legacy, why is it for sale?
  15. @Walkie1973STL: Still absurdly overpriced.
  16. @Одессит-ъ1й: Given how many billions have been laundered on war in Ukraine, Zelensky appears to be the only person who can afford to buy this mansion
  17. @francesiadams7723: The house is huge, you could get lost in there, very nice art work, and  lighting fixtures, spa, gym,, bowling alley, movie theatre just you name it they have it. it does not feel warm and comfy . Miss how many bedroom are in that house ? very grand for sure.
  18. @davidsargent1417: So, there are like 50 people in the world that could reasonably afford this house. The seller better hope one of those 50 are interested. This house would easily take a staff costing $5 million at the low-end to maintain...and I'm guessing it's closer to $10 million. The biggest problem I saw throughout are the marble floors...I noticed so many blemishes I lost count. Keeping them clean and polished would be a full-time job for five people.
  19. @Suatölmez: Enes kardeşim Türkçe videolar da istiyoruz
  20. @nicci4724: It’s so… cold and uninviting.

- GCSE Chemistry - Carbon Footprints - Measuring Footprints | Reducing Emissions (2026/27 exams): Kind: captions Language: en In today's video, we're going to take a look at carbon footprints. And in particular, we'll cover why they're so hard to measure, how we can reduce them, and why this is often so difficult in real life. When we say carbon footprints, what we're referring to is the total amount of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases that are emitted over something's entire life cycle. And that something could be a product like your phone, a service like plane travel, or even an event like a festival. The benefit of working out the carbon footprints of these things is that we then have a better idea of how environmentally damaging they are and so we're better able to decide whether or not they're worth the cost. It also means that we can identify the most polluting activities and try to reduce their emissions. The problem though is that measuring carbon footprints is actually really hard and in reality sometimes impossible. For example, if we consider something relatively simple like your phone, we'd have to take into account a whole bunch of things like how all the raw materials were sourced, the manufacturing process required to put it all together, the total amount of power that it uses over its lifetime, and finally how it's disposed of. In addition to all of this though, there would also be lots of other things that we've missed out like the emissions produced from transporting all the different parts around the world. Even if we have to accept that we can't get it perfect, though, a rough calculation can still give us a good idea of which things are the worst emitters and allow us to compare them. And once we understand where all the emissions are coming from, we can make sensible plans to try and reduce those emissions. One way to do this is to use renewable energy sources like wind, solar or nuclear energy instead of using fossil fuels. Another option would be to use more efficient manufacturing processes which would use less energy in the first place and also produce less waste. Reducing waste is actually really important because waste is often broken down by decomposers which can release methane. Governments can also help, for example, by introducing new laws or taxing companies based on how many greenhouse gases they emit. There's also something called carbon capture technology available that can capture the carbon dioxide formed when we burn fossil fuels before it can escape into the atmosphere. It can then be stored deep underground in cracks in the rocks such as old oil wells where it can't escape to the environment. Unfortunately, despite all of these good ideas, actually reducing emissions is easier said than done. For example, renewable energy is often more expensive than fossil fuels. And currently, our entire economy is based on fossil fuels, which makes it really hard to change. Meanwhile, governments worry that if they prioritize the environment, the whole economy might suffer. To make matters worse, this makes international agreements really difficult because no country wants to agree to anything that might hurt his economy unless it's completely sure that all the other countries will do the same. It's not just governments that have a role in fixing things, though. Every individual needs to be responsible for their own consumption. and be willing to make changes to their lifestyle if we're going to have any hope of averting the worst effects of climate change. If you haven't heard yet, you can find all of our videos on our website, cognito.org. You'll also find questions, flashcards, exam style questions, and pass papers. And we track all of your progress so that you always know what to study next. So sign up for free by clicking here or browse our playlist here on YouTube.

  Top Comments:
  1. @vanillabeancoconutgirl [4 likes]: watching this 3 weeks before my mock exams. praying for all of you guys straight A's. THANKS COGNITO I would not be as good at maths as I am now if it weren't for your clear and consise maths videos. Thank you so muchh 💕
  2. @mdudazu [1 likes]: this is the greatest video
  3. @drolusola1 [1 likes]: Hey cognito Please do chromatography and analysing chromatograms (chemical analysis) next. Thanks
  4. @wanianouman-u1n: since when is nuclear energy  renwable??
  5. @NineThreeENineBE: nuclear aint renewable
  6. @ishaankaa: at 1:02 isn't it supposed to say "identify" instead?
  7. @aamenakhansajidkhan6143: can you please make videos for reproduction in humans, igcse biology?
  8. @ellie.ellerie: amazing ❤
  9. @HelloB-1: Thank you, this video, going to be a game charger for me

- How can digital versions of big companies cut their carbon footprint? - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en we use these kinds of products every day from cleaning table tops to personal hygiene and health these brands are made by one company called Racket and the industry to get them from factories to our homes is fast moving and comes with a big impact on the planet [Music] huge but important that we look at that carbon footprint and think how we're going to reduce it decarbonize it the product garment footprint that's everything from the raw materials all the way through to people using products has to come down by 50 my 20 30. that's going to take longer process that's where we have to think not just about our factories but the ingredients that we use the packaging that we use to work out how they can meet targets the company is turning to a digital replica of everything they do through a program called resilience so this is it this is the digital twin this is resilience this is resilience's um version of of different companies we map them as a digital twin we're looking at the data from a pretend company but the program is bringing together lots of information such as the miles that individual ingredients are shipped or how much energy each Factory uses it then runs lots of scenarios over the company to see how sustainable it is now and in the future we've got a large team of analysts to compile a lot of data forecast out into the future look at how policy is likely to change in different countries of the world and how taxes are likely to change the digital twin is also helping firms map the impact climate change is already having on their operations so this is an example of its factories in the United States and how they might be subjected to Future patterns of hurricane risk and look at how often it's going to get disrupted the cost to the business of that particular thing and then a company can then start to make changes in the Laboratories here they can work on a new product put it into the program and and find out if it will make a difference exactly yes but we're heading next safety goggles on as I've been given rare access to the room where the next big thing in cleaning could be on the verge of Discovery and where they're also adjusting existing product lines we changed one of the ingredients so it now used lactic acid that's plant-based and it has a lower carbon footprint and so we looked at what resilience was telling us about where carbon Footprints and maybe carbon tax in the future will affect us and we thought what are the ingredients we can change and by moving to lower carbon ingredients things like lactic acid which is developed from fermenting Maize we were able to reduce the carbon footprint and that means it's set up for the future a low carbon low water economy rackets aren't the only ones turning to this tech there are estimates the market for digital twins could be worth billions of dollars over the next decade but having all the data on sustainability is one thing companies need to act on it I think when a lot of people hear about big companies and sustainability they probably roll their eyes because big companies are right to make money what is the balance there between being more sustainable and and still bringing pounds and well the key here is how we can decarbonize and still grow so if we can achieve our ambition to be Net Zero by 2040 we can grow as well and that which decouples those two those two topics it could be used before we know if the decisions companies are making now will really help the planet this Tech is making that a little bit less of a Gamble

  Top Comments:
  1. @dimamatat5548 [2 likes]: A way to reduce emissions is to use renewable energy sources. For example, solar-powered computers
  2. @VladimirOnOccasion [2 likes]: lol TV reality...........................................propaganda agenda pushing. :D
  3. @synesthete23 [1 likes]: A digital corporate twin sounds interesting, but it hinges on how much data they can collect on their operations and plug into their model. Still, a nice initiative.
  4. @leet3207 [1 likes]: All sounds like a bunch of corporate green washing to me.
  5. @lottery248 [1 likes]: an appropriate amount of carbon footprint is necessary for a lively environment, and we have politicians wanting to cut it.
  6. @guff9567 [1 likes]: It take humans to create this digital rubbish, so no
  7. @matterb6049: That's a point what's the bbcs carbon footprint, must be a lot can you let me know thank you
  8. @gabrielserrano5054: Secound life was an Australian virtual reality company and it made millions selling virtual real estate.
  9. @auro1986: how? you watch tv then remember to wash your hands then bbc shows you dettol ad which cleans your hand
  10. @public.public: make your own vinegar...
clean your toilet with that.
reduce the corporate BS footprint.
  11. @gamingtonight1526: Tesco's have the right idea: They sell 2 litres of bleach to refill 1 litre bottles of bleach. This is cheaper and more sustainable, for their bathroom and kitchen cleaners they sell packets that you dilute and then refill the kitchen/bathroom bottles, again, more sustainable and cheaper for the customer. Unfortunately, this video is about "green washing"!!!
  12. @alik4402: Well donen
  13. @absmith6237: Do they really need to ?
  14. @tastypymp1287: Stop climate change fanaticism.
  15. @BM-rh4fq: A BBC riot got beaten in Shanghai hhh~
  16. @rumfordc: easy: employ fewer people, pay them lower wages, and don't let them breathe as much.
  17. @rchrdjms62: I don't give a rat's ass if they cut the carbon footprint. It's time that Tree-hugging  nut jobs stop trying to run businesses and governments into the ground.
  18. @clandeszipp4564: When do we start eating insects?
  19. @thomasmiller1406: The planet is totally screwed, everyone need to us 50% less, is totally no insync with reality
  20. @importantname: lol - they will pay massive amounts to public relations organisations to tell us they are reducing their carbon footprint. Like being on the BBC showing amazing advances in reducing their carbon footprint. If it is more profitable to reduce carbon footprint, they will do it, but I doubt that will be.

- Renewable Energy Initiatives: Hitachi’s Journey to Reducing Carbon Emissions - Hitachi: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Hitachi was established in 1910. Our values are founded in creating not only economic value, but in creating social and environmental value. We're concerned about climate change. We aspire to be a climate change innovator. Through the use of green technology and digital solutions, we are contributing to reductions in carbon emissions to create a net-zero society. We have two goals. Net zero by 2030 in all our Hitachi businesses and offices and achieve carbon neutrality across the entire value chain by 2050. We will work on producing innovative solutions for our customers. We'll also take action to reduce our own carbon footprint. We are introducing renewable energy across all of our businesses. We are introducing electric vehicles, installing solar panels, minimizing waste, and leveraging our partners to reduce carbon emissions. We think Hitachi's leadership position is critical in this, that's why we're sponsoring COP26.

- Measure and reduce your IT carbon emissions: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] now about three out of four executives cite technology as critical for their sustainability efforts the next question then arises how can organizations measure and minimize carbon pollution from it operations which is also known as greenhouse gas emissions well let's explore how to do so on google cloud first let's begin at the source aka the energy that flows through data centers and powers the compute resources organizations use electricity was historically sourced by burning fossil fuels but this has been changing over the last decade thanks to huge investments and accessibility in renewable and non-carbon producing energy like solar wind geothermal etc since 2017 google has matched a hundred percent of its global energy use by purchasing renewable energy and has mitigated the annual carbon footprint of our customers digital applications and infrastructure we are also currently working on the ambitious goal of operating a hundred percent of the time on carbon free energy by 2030 this means we will match our energy demand for every hour of every day in every region where we operate with carbon-free energy supply for now it's important for each of us to reduce our cloud-carbon emissions by making decisions on the time of day and the regions that power our resources and so for starters it's incredibly helpful to understand where your electricity comes from by using online tools like the ones our partner electricity map has made available for free the next thing is to calculate your organization's specific it-carbon emissions and for this google cloud customers can leverage the out-of-the-box carbon footprint dashboard in the console which is viewable by folks with billing admin rights it includes accurate charts and tables on total emissions by project by month by product by region etc this same functionality will also be available for workspace customers early next year with carbon footprint you can also optionally export the data to bigquery to perform custom analytics and visualizations and use this data for sustainability reporting requirements on scope 3 greenhouse gases auditing and as a friendly reminder there are three emission categories at this time called scope 1 2 and 3 to help enterprises measure their carbon impact and so scope 1 and 2 relate to emissions specifically controlled by an organization scope 3 are an organization's indirect emissions such as their suppliers activities or their consumers product usage or effects from transportation and waste disposal to just name a few now once empowered with our carbon data let's take action by diving into some strategies for reducing carbon emissions in your google cloud infrastructure for starters i'm happy to share that the easiest and most impactful emissions reduction can come from selecting regions powered by cleaner energy in your cloud projects google introduced a metric called the carbon-free energy percent or cfe to empower users to select regions with higher cfe percentages because they produce fewer carbon emissions in many of google cloud's products when choosing a region there's also a friendly low co2 icon in the cloud console this icon is also annotated in the locations page of the documentation for different products now if you are looking for proactive advice on what regions to use there's also the fantastic region picker tool that helps you compare priorities around lowering emissions versus pricing versus latency for example you can learn that by moving a workload from london to finland you can increase the carbon free energy percent by 23 and lower the price by 14 i really recommend you check it out when you have a chance and if your organization provides users with a choice to select cloud regions you can furthermore set organizational policies to restrict locations to low carbon intensive regions using low carbon mode or you can allow or deny specific regions in the policy value box when configuring the resource location restriction you do this by entering the in prefix and then a specific string for one or multiple low carbon locations the next recommendation is to avoid resources from running 24 hours a day especially for development and testing and so for example by shifting resources to operate 10 hours a day during five work days a week instead you can reduce your footprint by 70 which is an impactful and cost-saving move and on the same topic around scheduling programming workloads to run during the day when there's clean energy available like solar or wind is also very powerful for example checking the energy mix in the uk on electricity map at 7 pm shows its 284 grams of carbon dioxide equivalent per kilowatt hour of electricity however executing that same workload earlier in the day such as 1 pm can be 200 and so by shifting workloads that may have operated at night to run earlier like at 1 pm can reduce carbon emissions by up to 29 percent and of course in addition to intentionally shortening resource schedules you can also proactively delete unused vms optimize vm shapes as well as shut down inactive projects this is where the active assist tool really shines as it proactively suggests carbon reducing configurations along with other cost performance and security friendly actions this is thanks to machine learning there's also several low carbon architecture designs you can improve here's just a couple for example by using managed serverless products you can leverage their separation in storage and compute resources enabling to use the same storage space while auto scaling vms up or down based on traffic this also prevents incurring compute or storage costs from idle resources and by also refactoring monolithic applications into bite-size microservices you can gain many efficiency benefits this is because microservices operate as self-contained modular functions that have less dependencies they are easier to maintain and debug and offer more granular control over resource scaling and less tests and so in summary wherever you are on your sustainability journey you have tools you can use in google cloud such as carbon footprint regent picker or active assist that are out of the box which i have linked in this video's description along with other helpful strategies and friends if there's one main thing to remember the best way to reduce your day-to-day carbon footprint is by picking the lowest carbon intensive regions for more information and best practices please check out cloud.google.com forward slash carbon footprint cheers you

  Top Comments:
  1. @googlecloudtech [1 likes]: Be sure to subscribe for more videos like this from Google Cloud Tech! → https://goo.gle/GoogleCloudTech
  2. @dneary [1 likes]: May I also suggest using the lowest power CPU options - Tau T2A Arm64 instances use half the power per core compared to x86 instance types.
  3. @t-lm [1 likes]: Spain has largest solar farm in Europe (590 MW) and contracted with Danone, Bayer and PepsiCo companies to cover their electricity need. Google should have done this too. Strangely no CFE data for Madrid GCP region.
  4. @robinvarghese6745: Interesting perspective on sustainability. Thank you for sharing this valuable information.
  5. @bhavyajain638: I don't think using energy during the day makes it more efficient because we still make very less renewable energy which gets used up. So no point in shifting work loads I guess? 🤔
  6. @SwissOnZ: Is this linked to my other comment on another channel about sustainability and sourcing that was recently hearted at the time of publication of this video?

- What Small Actions Effectively Reduce Your Carbon Footprint? - Earth Science Answers: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] What small actions effectively reduce your carbon footprint? Imagine making tiny changes in your daily routine that could help slow down climate change. It might seem small, but these actions add up to a big difference for Earth's changing climate. When you turn off unused lights and unplug devices, you cut down on energy waste. Swapping out old light bulbs for energyefficient lead bulbs can save a lot of electricity over time. Lowering your thermostat by just a few degrees in winter or raising it in summer reduces heating and cooling energy use. Setting your water heater to around 120° F also helps save energy because heating water takes a lot of power. Improving insulation in your home keeps the temperature steady, so your heating and cooling systems don't have to work as hard. Installing solar panels or heat pumps can make your home even more energyfriendly. Though these might cost a bit upfront when it comes to transportation, choosing public transit, biking, or walking instead of driving alone cuts down on fossil fuel emissions. Car pooling with friends or family also helps share the ride and reduce pollution. Limiting air travel is another effective step because flying produces a lot of carbon dioxide per mile. Planning your errands so you do everything in one trip minimizes driving and saves fuel. Changing your diet can make a big impact, too. Eating more plant-based meals and cutting back on beef and lem reduces methane emissions, which are very potent greenhouse gases. Planning your meals and composting food scraps help prevent food waste, which produces methane in landfills. Reusing and recycling are simple ways to cut emissions. Using reusable bags, bottles, and containers reduces plastic waste and the energy needed to produce new items. Buying secondhand or choosing products made sustainably lowers the carbon footprint linked to manufacturing and shipping. Water conservation also plays a role. Shortening your showers and fixing leaks means less water needs to be pumped, heated, and treated, saving energy. When you combine all these small actions, they create a powerful effect. They help slow the rise of greenhouse gases in the atmosphere, which is key to protecting Earth's climate. Every little effort counts because it reflects an understanding that human activities influence our planet's climate system. By making these changes, you join a global effort to reduce climate impacts and help keep Earth's environment healthier for everyone.

- Dual Specialty Residency Programs  ACGME Combined Tracks & 2025 Updates for IMGs: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine being able to train in two specialties at the same time. Becoming an expert in both pediatrics and internal medicine or psychiatry and neurology without doubling the years of training. Sounds amazing, right? That's exactly what ACGME accredited combined and dual specialty programs offer. These programs include an overview of what they are, the most popular options, dual fellowships, new combined tracks in 2025, challenges, benefits, and how IMGs can prepare. American Academy of Research and Academics is a platform guiding IMGs through residency applications, USCE, EROS, interviews, and research. Combined programs are structured residency pathways designed by the ACGME in collaboration with specialty boards. Example, internal medicine plus pediatrics equals 4 years of training versus 3 + 3 equals 6 years separately. Dual subsp specialty programs are especially common in internal medicine, eg pulmonary disease plus critical care. Combined residency programs start right after med school. Dual subsp specialty fellowships are pursued after primary residency, usually internal medicine. Now, let's explore the most established combined residency programs available today. Internal medicine plus pediatrics, med pedes, 80 plus programs in the US. Trains you for both adult and pediatric care. Career options: primary care, hospitalist, subsp specialty fellowships, internal medicine plus psychiatry bridges physical and mental health care. Increasing demand due to rise in mental health awareness. Neurology plus psychiatry, neurossychiatric overlap disorders, Alzheimer's, Parkinson's, epilepsy with psychiatric features. Attractive for academic medicine. Diagnostic radiology plus nuclear medicine. Advanced imaging technology. Cancer staging. Nuclear diagnostics. Emergency medicine plus family medicine. Rare but highly versatile. Ideal for rural and underserved settings. Anesthesiology plus internal medicine combines peroperative care with strong medical grounding. Perfect for ICU or complex surgical patients. But it's not only about residencies. Dual specialty fellowships are equally important in shaping careers. Hematology plus oncology, most programs combine both automatically. Physicians become board eligible in both career cancer centers, academic medicine, clinical trials. Pulmonary disease plus critical care medicine, PCCM. One of the most common dual fellowships. Critical care units, ICUs, lung transplant centers. Hospitals want versatile specialists. Saves manpower and resources. Enhances patient care continuity. High demand, relatively fewer seats. Aerospace medicine plus emergency medicine. Perfect for aviation medicine. NASA military ER environments. Aerospace medicine, internal medicine combines preventive and systemic medicine with space aviation care. Anesthesiology and pediatrics. Growing demand for pediatric anesthesiologists especially in children's hospitals. Dermatology and internal medicine focuses on systemic diseases with dermatologic manifestations. Eg lupus, scleraderma, vasculitis. Emergency medicine plus internal medicine produces physicians who can handle acute care plus long-term follow-up. These new tracks show that ACGME is expanding opportunities and diversifying training, giving physicians even more flexibility. Wider patient base. Treat both adults and kids or handle both body and mind. Career flexibility. Choose between academic, hospital-based, or outpatient careers. Subsp specialty opportunities. More doors open in fellowships and research. Efficiency saves 1 to two years compared to doing specialties separately. Job market unique skill sets make physicians stand out in competitive healthare systems. Competitiveness limited number of programs nationwide. High workload. Need to meet requirements for both specialties. Need for strong academic profile. USMLE scores. Strong research. Excellent ls. Not for everyone. Requires passion for both fields. Not just chasing prestige. So how can I imgs make themselves strong candidates? Clinical experience. Secure USCE that covers both specialties if possible. Personal statement. Tailor it to show genuine interest in both fields with examples from clinical work. Research involvement in projects relevant to both specialties equals huge advantage. Networking and mentorship. Connect with faculty in combined programs. Application strategy. Apply broadly. Consider both combined and categorical programs. Interview prep. Be ready to answer why dual specialty with a strong genuine narrative. Dual and combined programs are rare, competitive, but incredibly rewarding. They create physicians with unique expertise, career flexibility, and greater impact on patient care. If you're an IMG, prepare early, build your profile, and don't be afraid to aim high. Subscribe, share and mention American Academy of Research and Academic Services, OAS guidance, CV editing, personal statement help, USCE opportunities and interview Crap.

- Should You Dual Apply For Residency?: Kind: captions Language: en I often get asked should you dual apply for two Specialties or should you just go all in on one specialty so I think that that's going to be an individual question for each applicant but if you're from a school that has not classically had an abundance of matches to a certain specialty like for example my program had never had anybody match to a vascular integrated residency so it was in my best interest strategically to dual apply gen search and vascular surgery the benefit of that is now you get more interviews so you have more peace of mind that you're going to match somewhere statistically the other thing is is my letters of recommendation could be dual applied for both the Gen Surge and the vascular surgery residency application process because they're so similar in specialty a lot of Specialties that's really difficult and so the rate limiting factor of the applying is the letters of wreck but also number two the cost you have to take into account that it's going to cost you a lot more to apply for multiple specialties

  Top Comments:
  1. @ActionPotentialMentoring: To learn more about Action Potential Mentoring & book a free call: https://www.actionpotentialmentoring.com

- How Many Residency Programs Should You Apply to | Medical School Tips: Kind: captions Language: en hey there everybody welcome back to meta insights my name is Brian and I'm a second year physical medicine rehabilitation resident at Mayo Clinic and this YouTube page is dedicated to helping you all get through Medical School and residency by sharing my own personal experiences and insights from my own experience in medical school and here in my residency training program today is another video for all the fourth years out there that are getting ready to apply for residency soon in the coming weeks today we're gonna be talking specifically about how do you answer this question of how many programs should I be applying to when it comes to residency applications now my own experience is based on interviewing in physical medicine and Rehab which is probably a little bit different compared to other specialties but I think this is a general approach that's a little bit unique and can be helpful in different situations for some of you all out there the approach that I took when trying to decide how many programs I should apply to was I've worked backwards and by that I mean instead of starting at however any number of residency programs there are in the country I've started backwards from how many programs do I want to rank and then did some little calculations and steps to figure out going backwards how many programs I should be applying to to start with I don't want to start off by giving you probably one really helpful tip there's a website out there called med map IO extremely helpful website it basically has all the different residency programs mapped out to where you can select the specialty that you're interested in and then it will pop up with all the different programs out there and where they are and for anybody who's really more interested in come to geographical locations and just getting a sense of where all these programs are it's a really awesome resource go check it out I think it's fantastic and really really helpful so like I was saying my approach was to work backwards and there's a lot of different stuff out there about how many programs you should be ranking in order to give you the best chance of matching in to your specialty now granted this varies a lot based on how competitive your field is and based on your own scores so this is very general and generic advice but an approach that you can take and adapt to your situation so let's say for example that I know that I want to rank 10 programs in order to give myself the best chance at matching now the first step in working backwards is first go to how many programs you think you'll want to even interview at in order to decide how many you're going to rank and now this may seem like a strange question but there's probably gonna be some places that you interview out on the trail that you're gonna absolutely hate and you're not gonna want to train at and you're gonna choose not to right so let's say that's you know three four programs or so so then take that number add it to the number of programs that you want to be able to rank and that gives you the number of interviews that you want to go on the next step is to take that number of interviews that you want to go on and try to determine how many interview invitations you need in order to go on that many interviews and again something you're gonna run into as you go throughout this whole process is you're probably going to get more interview invites than you actually want to go on so let's say for example you've decided that you want to go on fifteen interviews well you may be you're gonna actually get like 20 or so interview invitations and so that's really the final number you want to settle on in terms of how many interview invites you think you need to receive in order to ultimately end up at that ten programs that you're going to rank now the last step in all this is to take that number of programs that you want to get invites from and try to decide how competitive you think your application will be in terms of what your success percentage will be from applications you send to actually getting an invite but this I mean let's say you're an extremely competitive applicant and based on talking to other people in your field or talking to residents before you you feel like you're about 50 percent successful in terms of submitting an application and actually getting an interview invitation so that means if you want to go on 20 interviews and you're gonna have a 50% success rate of getting invites then you need to apply to 40 programs obviously this 50% number is probably too high and probably not conservative enough for a number of people but similar thing let's say it's 25 percent so you think that you know one of them every four applications you send off you might get an interview invite then simply take your twenty multiply it by four this is one approach that I think is really helpful because whenever you're on grass and you're looking at just the sheer number of programs in your field it can be really real the overwhelming trying to decide gosh do I apply to a hundred do I apply to 50 do I apply to 200 where do I even start and so one thing that can kind of help simplify it for some folks is to work backwards so again start at the number of programs you want to rank adjust that number to get an actual estimate of how many interviews you want to go on and then look at how competitive your application is to try and decide how successful your applications will be in terms of actually getting interview invites and use that as a rough estimate to determine how many applications you should submit at the end of the day of course the odds are in your favor if you submit more applications so I would always err on the side of being more conservative and submitting more applications than you think you might need because let's be honest it's much easier to cancel interviews down the road than it is to try to resubmit your application to more schools so err on the side of caution but try to use this approach if you're really stuck with how many places you should apply and maybe it'll be helpful for you like it was for me that's it for this video everybody thank you for watching as always let me know if you have any questions about this or want some additional advice or suggestions on maybe how to think about this question in terms of how many programs you should apply to let me know any comments below subscribe as always if you like watching these videos and we'll talk next time thanks everyone

  Top Comments:
  1. @salemmagedellebeshy7038 [6 likes]: one of the most underrated medical channels. Keep the good work
  2. @anastasiyanestsiarovich3126 [4 likes]: This is for Americans. For us, IMGs , we need 200-300 applications to have even 3-4 interviews...
  3. @WhiteCoatChronicles [1 likes]: Such valuable info!
  4. @medicineandusmle3224: List of IMG friendly IM programs in Pennsylvania
https://youtu.be/sALD6xj68_w
  5. @logansept: Is there a medmap.io for Canada?
  6. @sejinhan3419: Thanks for another insightful video Dr. Sutterer!
Can you do another video about applying to residency programs that require an Intern year (i.e. PM&R)? How did you personally go about applying to both Transitional Year/Prelim Year Programs, as well as PM&R Programs?

Cheers!

- BS to DO Dual Degree Program | Elmira College: Kind: captions Language: en what an opportunity we have le comp we have M College we're already Partners let's collaborate and come up with an Innovative program that now offers two degrees in six years that takes credit for medical school retrograde uh credits it for college and allows a student to come out with a BS do degree in six years I think cutting off two years of undergraduate education so I can go straight into medical school is a big Advantage also having the guaranteed acceptance until we come cuts out a lot of the stress of undergrad so I think just being able to work for two extra years or do a longer residency and be able to be on track with my peers is a big Advantage coming here so they save time they save money and they're out and working as a physician after six short years I was really scared at first really nervous to meet all these people too like as I'm like going through and I'm talking to someone new every single day I love the community that I made with the people they're so sweet and nice a lot of our group we've joined campus activities like last night we played flag football here so we're coming into the Alm Community like I truly fit in now and I feel really happy about that

- Why I Am Raising Kids in China and NOT the USA | Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en-US I'm raising my kids in China and not America for many reasons but today I'm just gonna tell you five I'm gonna tell you some Chinese culture related to these reasons and also some aha moments that I've had living here I'm BeeRose in China I've been living in China for six years I have two mixed kids and my husband is Chinese so I'm not your regular expat here let's talk about it all my first point is about family culture America focuses on the individual and China focuses more on the group growing up in America I used to think that isolation was empowering and I didn't need others to thrive and it's not just me who feels that way it's definitely our society as a whole look at how people have gravitated from the big cities to suburbs we live very private lives and our sense of community is just gone some may say that we're doing fine but I beg to differ look at America's drug problem look at how many homeless people there are look at school shootings it's crazy that that's even a thing and there is definitely a common denominator here and it's mental health mental health suffers because of how isolated we have become in China it's a totally different story sometimes up to four generations can live together supporting each other talking interacting playing games dancing and more people feel seen supported and loved China doesn't face a lot of the big problems that we do in America okay a big part is definitely government intervention but an even bigger part is going to be the sense of family and community and take for example the elderly as you age it is so important to stay around people in America the elderly are sent to old folks home and usually just left there no one goes to visit them but in China people stay with their families they live with them and also they have places where they gather where they dance where they talk where they play games as you age it's so important to stay young mentally and doing these kinds of things definitely helps that raising my kids in China will show them that yes they are important as an individual but in a group we bring strength to one another let me give you an example of just how important family is to Chinese people every single holiday you cannot book tickets why because everybody goes home to see their families in America this is not the case maybe people will get together on Christmas but every holiday is not happening and next religion I've wanted to talk about this for a really long time because I'm from the south of the United States which means religion is a super big deal since I was young I have had religion pushed down my throat I was told that if I don't follow the Bible I'm a bad person I'm a sinner and I'm going to hell when you're young and being told things like this I think it's really really dangerous because you feel peer pressure to believe something that you maybe would not have believed in if you didn't have these people telling you things like this and also it can delay you in finding yourself on your own journey in life in China if you want to be religious you can be there are churches there are temples and also there are mosques like this one here the Chimen Mosque people are good people here but they don't need religion to do so religion is not a very big thing this means that in China my kids won't have religion pushed down their throats they can decide who they want to be and not be influenced and thus confused I will support my kids in whatever they want to be whatever they want to believe I feel like it's very important that they get the choice now let's move on to the cute stuff this is something that many people do not know about Chinese people and it's called renqing which literally means human feelings or kindness there's a saying in Chinese if you give a person a drop of water they will give you a bubbling spring back to simplify this it just means that if somebody gives you something you should reciprocate that and give them something I found out about renqing from working at tons of Chinese companies I'm a gift giver I love to do it so I would give my Chinese friends gifts and then they would give me gifts and more gifts and more gifts I was drowning in gifts now I'm not living here because I want my kids to get more gifts it's because I think that this act is rooted in empathy and kindness and these are huge morals that I want my kids to have for me personally I feel like these exchanges have LED to lifelong bonds in America these exchanges do happen but I feel like they're more for short term bonds and also business so if you're in China and somebody gives you a gift make sure to give them a bubbling spring back what do you guys think about Wencheng and my next point China's attitude towards having kids is way better after you give birth in America you're lucky to have a few weeks off you go back to work when you're still healing still wounded still in tons of pain and give your literal just born baby to someone who's not their mama in China let me tell you all of the benefits that I got while I was working for a Chinese company so while I was pregnant every month I got paid time off to go to doctors checks when I got really big and pregnant like towards the end of it I got two paid days a month because the doctors wanted to see me more often okay when I had the baby I got five months off all paid and when I went back to work I got off work an hour earlier because I had to go breastfeed my child and also I was given time to pump at work and in addition to my vacation days I was given 5 paid days off just for family purposes I feel so lucky and blessed to have had that time with my baby boy and I know that if I want to have kids in the future in China I will be very very supported and my last point is about healthcare in China I don't have healthcare right now but even for a basic check I'm only going to pay about 15 dollars and I can book it on that same day in America the costs are going to be crazy even with insurance and also you're gonna have to wait such a long time to even be able to see a doctor also if you get blood work done you can get the results within a few hours I recently just got blood work done I got my results in about an hour and it was sent directly to my phone I even got a push saying like hey they're ready you can check them now in America even with insurance things are so expensive some people avoid medical care altogether because they don't want to go into debt I've heard the argument that if healthcare became public in the States the quality of service and care would go way down but I've been living in China for six years and I've been going to the public hospitals yes there are a lot of people but that same day that I get sick I get to go see a doctor my problems get solved and I know that the people that I'm seeing have a lot of expertise they see a lot of people I know that I can't show up and show them something they haven't already seen I can rest easy knowing that if my kids get sick they can see a doctor immediately and it won't break the bank and that's all for you guys today thank you so so much for watching and also I hope you like the view today it is summertime in Beijing which means it's tyrola I am literally melting it's like 102 degrees Fahrenheit right now oh my goodness after this I am going to go inside and get something cold to drink and also I wanted to tell you guys the last video a bunch of you congratulated me on being pregnant that footage was actually from a year ago and I was pregnant with my daughter Alia but I do want to be transparent with you guys I did get pregnant again with my third child but I had a miscarriage and that's why I disappeared for about a week I just needed some time to myself and to cope with everything but I'm back and I'm so thankful for my health and for my two kids and I'm gonna keep on keeping on thank you so much for your support I really appreciate all you guys so so much I will definitely make a short video in the future about my experience here in China because miscarriages are just a taboo subject and I don't want them to be I think we should normalize it and I don't know if you guys realize but I just hit 50 thousand on YouTube which is insane I appreciate all of you so so much and I'm also about to hit 100 thousand on shaohongshu which is insane to me thank you so much I couldn't be where I am without you guys your support means everything to me and if you're new here and you want to support this channel please hit the subscribe button because it helps us keep doing what we're doing and we have some really amazing and exciting content coming for you very very soon we have some travel plans we can't wait to share it with you guys alright guys until next time be rose out

  Top Comments:
  1. @anthonyalvear6599 [1 likes]: Stop calling your country "America"...it's called the United States. America is a continent with dozens of countries, you ignorant fool!
  2. @jwjhbs: :goat-turquoise-white-horns::goat-turquoise-white-horns::goat-turquoise-white-horns:
  3. @michaelyu-jj8or: 感谢你对中国评价这么高，但是关于产假，恐怕没有几个公司能给你五个月的产假，也许你们老外面子大
  4. @genie4005: thanks for the sharing Learnt a lot about China from you. Keep up the good work.
  5. @t8polestarcyan22: My guess is safety. All in all, I'm more than convinced to travel to China or even stay in China!
  6. @newcenturypianists3195: In China, people absolutely SHOVE religion down your throat. Not Christianity, but public schools all teach evolution, the Big Bang, and CCP ideology. 

In the USA, nobody really shoves Christianity down your throat unless you are growing up in a Christian environment, and in public schools, children absolutely have religion shoved down their throat when the state teaches them evolution and other nonsense such as billions of years, the Big Bang, and so forth.

Mainland China has strict laws on religion; only state-approved churches can get together and house churches are regularly shut down and its members arrested, jailed, or facing worse fates than that, and honestly, they very much have religion pushed down their throats.

State propaganda. Have you ever heard of that?

Nobody in the USA ever shoves anything down your throat; the only place where you will hear the Bible is in churches and in your family.
  7. @FriarThomas: how hard is it to learn Chinese?
  8. @孙金珠-r7v: 一个是家文化，其实中国人非常讲究传承，一代代的，讲究尊老爱幼，另外一个就是关于宗教，应该西方人说这些真太大胆了，一般外国人中国人有没有信仰，其实是有的，只是在中国人骨子里，那就是儒家的仁义礼智信。如果儒家也算是信仰的话
  9. @Ibogashamanbabaji: Hen Hao!!!
  10. @kevincollins7336: Good riddance.
  11. @husq48: So no street preachers like Ray Comfort? Paradise! 😃
  12. @MaxAtLarge: China has it happening. 
What we're seeing is over 40 years of planning, strategy, and execution.
They don't mess around. 
They decide to do something. 
They do it. 
Very impressive.
  13. @MariaCarvajal-c2y: muy buena información, gracias, si fuera mas joven me iría a vivir a China, soy pensionada y al invitar a mi única hija viajar a China indicó que en China eran racistas, al final ni siquiera me visita
  14. @Vf1sgundam: Well, at the very least, there are no regular mass shooting incidents at schools in China.
  15. @Vf1sgundam: Well, at the very least, there are no regular mass shooting incidents at schools in China.
  16. @snowgum8333: Youtube is showing the true China Westerners never knew..eye opener to anyone who haven't visit China..
  17. @stewart8737: I would rather go to China than the US at this point. It seem a lot safer there
  18. @philarthur2777: We need to be like this in the UK.
  19. @SamStoltzfus-h6p: Every thing at your fingertips many choices the right not to choose religion every thing but the right to choose your political views 😂 tell me your free without being free. I’ll take political choice over the right to choose what I eat over what I can say 😂
  20. @HenryWang-026: 感觉现在差不多可以称呼你为同胞了！

- Raising Kids in Norway vs. USA: Two Systems, Two Childhoods: Kind: captions Language: en Raising a child is complicated anywhere, but the rules of the game can look very different depending on where you live. The United States and Norway are both wealthy nations, but their approaches to childhood couldn't be more different. If you're American and thinking, "Wait, they actually get paid to have kids?" Yes, we'll get there. And if you're Norwegian, you might be wondering, "How do people survive daycare costs in the US?" We'll cover that, too. By the end, you won't just know what life looks like for kids on either side of the Atlantic. you'll understand the philosophies, the policies and structures shaping every day of childhood. I did a video recently on giving birth in Norway versus the US. So, you can go watch that video here if you would like, here or here. I always forget which side. Go watch that video if you want a little bit more depth into giving birth in Norway and that whole experience versus the United States. I'm going to do a small recap of the year after birth. However, this video will touch mostly on years 1 and after. So, let's start with parental leave. This to me is the first real signal that a society sends about how it values early childhood. In Norway, parents can take up to 49 weeks at full pay or 59 weeks at 80% pay, and 15 of those weeks are reserved exclusively for the father. The policy encourages bonding, gender equality, and long-term parental involvement. Research shows that longer paid leave benefits child health, breastfeeding duration, and maternal mental health. In the United States, there's something called the Federal Family and Medical Leave Act, FMLA, and they offer up to 12 weeks of unpaid leave for eligible workers, but millions of parents are excluded from this. Paid leave depends completely on employer policy or state programs. As a result, many parents return to work almost immediately after childirth. So, if you're an American parent and you're wondering why this feels like a sprint, it's partly systemic. Norway designs the first year as societal investment. The US leaves it to family finances and employer generosity. Child care is the next major difference. So, this is moving into years 1 through 5. In Norway, almost every child attends something called Barnahaga. It's basically a public preschool program. Fees are capped at around 31,720 croner per year for full-time care. That's around $3,200. And subsidies reduce costs further for larger families. Curriculum in these programs often emphasizes social skills, outdoor play, and equality. In the United States, child care is largely private, often costing $15,000 to $25,000 per year for a full-time infant. Quality varies dramatically by region and income. Families without access often faced tough choices like high costs, reduced work hours, or leaving the workforce entirely. The big idea here is that Norway treats child care as a public good. The US treats it as a private responsibility. Norwegian families also receive something called Barnet. This is a monthly child benefit of 1,968 croner per child. It's about $200 per child. This is tax-free and it is paid until the age of 18. Add this to subsidized child care, municipal afterchool programs, and other targeted benefits. And the total support significantly reduces the financial burden of raising children. Think of it as society saying, "We can't raise your child for you, but we can help shoulder the cost." In the US, many families rely on tax credits or employer benefits. The support is more limited and less universal, so families bear a higher financial risk. Moving into health care in Norway, healthcare for children is universal. Doctor's visits, preventative care, mental health support, and basic dental care are all covered. Parents rarely worry about bills. In the US, access is insurance dependent. Families without adequate coverage face deductibles, co-pays, or delayed care. Research shows that unequal health access correlates with measurable differences in child health outcomes. Education is another window into societal priorities. In Norway, school begins at age six with focus on social competence, equality, and outdoor learning. Testing is limited, especially in the early years, and funding is centralized, reducing gaps between schools. In the United States, formal learning usually starts earlier. Standardized testing is frequent and school funding comes largely from local property taxes which creates stark inequalities and things like achievement and competition are highly emphasized. The big idea here is that Norway aims for equal starting points and the US aims for individual achievements. Moving on to freedom, safety, and independence. In Norway, children enjoy early independence. Children as young as seven are usually seen walking to school alone, playing outdoors, and navigating minor risks on their own. Social trust is high, and the environment supports safe autonomy. In the US, independence varies heavily by community. Fear of accidents, crime, or liability shapes parental choices. Supervision is more intensive and freedom is conditional. Parenting identity differs, too. In Norway, the system supports parents. You have career pauses. You have daycare access and community involvement normalize shared responsibility. In the US, parents often face high financial and social pressures. The decisions about work, child care, and extracurriculars are intensely personal, which can create stress and competition among caregivers. So, what do these differences add up to? In my opinion, Norway builds a childhood safety net. You have predictable costs. You have a shared responsibility. You have broad access and you have trusted independence. On the other hand, the US builds opportunity and flexibility. There's potential for a high achievement, but it comes with unequal access and higher financial and social risks. Both systems aim to raise thriving children, but they assume different solutions. One spreads the load across society, the other across families. Which would you prefer? A system that's going to cushion your fall or one that gives you a ladder and says, "Can you climb?" And maybe most importantly, is there a way to get both? Thank you all for watching this video. I hope you enjoyed it. I'll leave a list of sources down in the description box below of some websites and things that you can go for further research into this topic. And don't forget to like, subscribe, comment, share, all of those really nice things that help support me and my channel. I also have channel members so you can join. You can get some cool benefits like early access. We have a Discord chat. It's a lot of fun. All right, I'll see you on the next one. Bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Kari.F. [40 likes]: I couldn't have children myself, but I've never had an issue with my tax payer money covering education, including higher education, subsided child care and alike. One day they're going to spend their tax payer money giving me a dignified old age with the care I need. Different generations, but same tribe!
  2. @thomashoglund5671 [23 likes]: "When you have a country and a government that takes care of it's people with free healthcare and safe education and no guns, people have less time to worry about their life, and more time to be creative and explore themselves. The less time you spend on surviving, the more you can be thriving!" - AURORA, Norwegian singer/songwriter.
  3. @niklas6867 [12 likes]: Fun fact. Sweden has that system too
  4. @monicajeanettealven2504 [7 likes]: One of the difference who shows that USA really isnt the land of the free. 🤷🏻‍♀️🤷🏻‍♀️
  5. @christingrnnslett8558 [6 likes]: I’ve had kids in both Norwegian and US schools (elementary and jr high) in a college town in California. It wasn’t exactly middle America, but the contrast between the educated people in town and the farm workers living not far from town was vast. We saw the school scores and it was sad. This eas California and I can’t even imagine poor communities and their poor schools. No tax income means poor schools.

Classes was changed each year in the US and new teacher, my kids in Norway had same vlass and teacher for years.

Classes, where graded was soooo easy in the US? hardly any tests for my jr high kid, just lots of homework that anyone could do. He had 6-7 classrs at a time in 7th grade and only had tests in math. His grade got sooo good once his english was good enough. Norway much more tests, hard getting top grades. 

My kids did sports in the US AYso soccer. Half the year it was everyone who signed up got a spot, second half it was a draft. We couldn’t do club soccer because since we couldn’t be here when the tryouts were. Jr high soccer was also everyone who signed up got to play. It’s really all or nothing. Here in Norway if you move you can register for a new club at any time. No training roster cap like in the US just game squad cap. 

So kids. I felt the US kids in both 5th and 7th grade that my kids were in were so much more childish and lacked a lot of independent skills. Never home alone, doing this alone mike walking to school/training and much much more. Took time for my 5th grader to adapt to mire childish mind set.  Just a thing like kids were not allowed to move the soccer goals, too dangerous, my kids would easily do that on the field in Norway. Then it was clothes, much more chilfish and athletisure. For 5th grader it was because they had outdoor pe everyday in regular clothes. 7th grader had to buy school pe uniform to change into.

Money: such. big difference between class mates with/without money. Average house price was 400000-700000 usd. So you either owned a big hoyse or rented an apartment/trailer.  We lived in a one of the «best» neighborhoods, because hardly any apartments complexes was near the school. Other school hoysed the trailer park, bog apartments complexes++ and school ebvironment was different. bot the same donations for that school..
  6. @oveu8587 [4 likes]: If the rich people in the USA would pay tax after what they earned/owned, you could have the same system there too. But when the system you have there is not like that, there you go. The American dream? I would rasther have the European dream. Not a dream but the reality in most European countries.
  7. @SigridSofieMarieNæshagen [3 likes]: Kids benefit from being breastfed up to 2 years. Gives them better health. 12 weeks? You don't care about neither mothers or kids in the US.
  8. @Chrisbajs [3 likes]: "USA is a wealty country". No, it's not. It has a high GDP, but has over 34 trillion dollars in debt, massive homelessness, low social mobility and essentially no welfare system.
  9. @henkebenke573 [3 likes]: Basicly no idea to have a child in the states!
  10. @atleyri [3 likes]: Nobody loves their babyes like in the US... Every second song contains the line: I love you baby! When it comes to toddlers and children it seems to fade away;)
  11. @ilyatoporgilka [2 likes]: 17 of the states in the USA allow corporal punishment even at schools. Norway has it banned at home but the summer holidays at schools are only 6 weeks in duration.
  12. @STOREpappa [2 likes]: The irony of the first three letters of FMLA lol, like yeah fk my life if I was having kids over there:/
  13. @tincantiltman2440 [1 likes]: In the 70's and 80's children repeated or skipped school years depending on their results (in Norway). 
Evaluation during each year. The bad thing with this system - changing classmates, the good - school curriculum suiting qualifications. 
Do not how qualification separation are done today.
  14. @Storykate: I am an early childhood professional in Australia and I always tell students about the Norwegian model of ECE. It is soooooo good. Especially, the focus on education as a public good. They invest in their children. It is also smart how they pay the family support, compared to Australia. Is it true that teachers are highly qualified and the ratios are high?
  15. @simon_may: Great perspective, which goes wider than simply childcare.

Also your comment regarding "... fear of ..." - I think is *huge*; I think fear of various things has driven huge amounts of public policy on both sides of the Atlantic.
  16. @thomaslidstrom519: What politicians need to realize is that children is "will be tax payers".
So, the more the merrier right?
By helping their tax payers increase in numbers they...
  17. @jbondy6395: This completely excludes the fact that Norway has incredible riches in oil and gas that they sell to other countries.  They have enough hydroelectric power to cover their own needs, so they sell the fossil fuels, amassing the world's largest sovereign wealth fund.  They can afford to give these benefits to their people.  They also restrict immigration, so they don't have masses of people coming in for the freebies.  The USA does not have these advantages.  My worry is that Norwegians, whose culture was forged by scrappy fishermen and farmers, will be spoiled and softened by their current affluence.
  18. @xrobertwolf: We also pay insaine taxes on everything...
  19. @RealGengarTV: 0:44 spoiler; in communist Norway birth gives you! 
🇳🇴 Hehe eg bare kødde
  20. @gwoodlogger4068: This is why the US needs Venezuela 😊

- The TRUE Cost of Raising Kids in AMERICA: Kind: captions Language: en The true cost of raising kids in America. America's birth rate just hit a record low. We're now at 1.6 children per woman. You need 2.1 just to replace the current population. For the first time in American history, more women in their early 30s are childless than our mothers. This isn't an accident. This isn't a cultural shift towards selfishness. This is economics. I talked to 32-year-old Alex, who's decided she probably won't have kids. She's got $80,000 in student loan debt. She pays $1,800 a month for a one-bedroom apartment. She makes $65,000 a year in a city where that's barely middle class. I can't even afford to take care of myself, she told me. How am I supposed to take care of a whole other human being for 18 years? And here's the part that should alarm us. Alex wants kids. She's not choosing childlessness. She's being priced out of it. Because here's what nobody's telling you. It costs $310,000 to raise a single child in America from birth to 18. And that doesn't even include college. This is the true cost of raising kids in America. And it's breaking us. Let me show you what that actually looks like. Meet Sarah and Marcus, both 32, teacher and software developer, $95,000 household income. They want a baby, so they pull out a spreadsheet because that's what you do now. Year 1, diapers, formula, doctor's visits, $12,000 minimum. Then child care until age 5, $14,000 per year. That's 70,000 before kindergarten. Sarah realizes that's more than her entire salary after taxes. She'd literally be paying to work. Then the school years, sports fees, music lessons, smartphones, car insurance at 16. $310,000. That's a down payment on three houses. That's a medical degree. That's early retirement. But here's what that number doesn't tell you. There's another cost Sarah and Marcus can't quantify. Sarah's maternity leave, 12 weeks unpaid because America is the only developed nation without guaranteed paid parental leave. Three months no income. They'll drain their emergency fund and start over from zero. But the real cost, Sarah will likely never make principal. She'll miss the evening meetings, the weekend trainings, the networking events because she has to leave at 3:30 for daycare pickup. Economists call this the motherhood penalty. Women's earnings drop 4% per child. Men's actually increase the fatherhood bonus over a lifetime. That's not thousands. That's hundreds of thousands, maybe a million. And then there's the mental load. Sarah will remember the pediatrician appointments, buy the teacher gifts, organize the playdates, notice when they're running low on milk 24/7 for 18 years minimum. Unpaid project management. How do you price that? Now, let me show you two extremes. Jennifer, single mom, two jobs, $32,000 a year. She qualifies for Medicaid and WIC. But here's the trap. If she gets a raise, she loses the assistance. The math doesn't work. So, she stays poor on purpose because that's the only way to keep her daughter fed and insured. Then there's Amanda and Richard. $250,000 household income. For them, raising kids is an arms race. private preschool at $30,000 a year. SAT tutors at $200 an hour. Summer programs in Costa Rica. College counselors charging $15,000 to craft the perfect application. They'll spend closer to $750,000 per child. Both families, Jennifer and Amanda, are responding rationally to the system we've created. One is trying to keep her kid from falling through the cracks. The other is buying her kid a spot at the top. And the middle, Sarah and Marcus, they're getting crushed. They make too much for help, not enough to play the game. They're cutting coupons for violin lessons, driving used cars to afford the good school district, doing everything right, and still drowning. Want more stories like this? Subscribe for deep dives into the systems that shape our lives. Alex isn't alone. Millions are doing this same calculation. Student debt, rising rent, stagnant wages. The math doesn't work. 20 years ago, the average firsttime parent was 25. Now it's 30. Not because people don't want kids, because they can't afford them yet. And for many, by the time they can, it's too late. Meanwhile, other countries are actually helping. France subsidized child care. Sweden 480 days of paid parental leave. Germany monthly child allowances. Japan paying people to have babies. America, a $2,000 tax credit that covers 2 months of formula. Maybe we've turned having kids into a luxury good, something only the wealthy can comfortably afford, something the middle class sacrifices everything for, something the poor get punished for. We write think pieces about why young people are choosing not to have kids, as if an entire generation just suddenly stopped liking children. That's not what's happening. We've made it too expensive to build a family in America. Sarah and Marcus are still sitting at their kitchen table staring at that spreadsheet. They'll probably have one kid. Maybe they'll make it work somehow. Skip vacations, drive old cars, and it'll be worth it because they'll love that kid more than anything. But they'll also lie awake wondering if they're doing enough, if they can afford the college fund, if a second child means bankruptcy. And that's the real cost we don't talk about. It's not just the $310,000. It's the stress, the impossible choices, the talented women who leave their careers, the dreams deferred, the siblings never born. It's a generation who wanted to be parents but couldn't afford to be. So in the richest country in human history, we've decided raising the next generation, the literal future, is a personal problem, not a collective responsibility. $310,000. That's the price tag we've put on the future. The question is, can we afford not to change it? What do you think needs to change? Drop your thoughts in the comments. Know someone struggling with this decision? Send them this. You're not alone in this impossible math.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jdjdjcsisiix [2 likes]: They need to send more money to Israel it should help
  2. @defroses7520 [1 likes]: ai content moving on

- Why I Am Raising Kids in China and NOT the USA | The Reasons Will Shock You!: Kind: captions Language: en-US I've given up that's right I've given up on the American dream I used to dream about it in the States to me it meant raising kids who are happy healthy and thriving but America is just not a good fit for that anymore but what country is? China that's right now I'm going for something I call the Chinese Dream It's BeeRose in China and I'm gonna tell you the reasons why the first point is infrastructure America is living in the past while China is living in the future if I were living in America my kids would be dependent on me to drive them literally everywhere because America is designed totally for cars but in China I can trust that my kid can take the subway buses trains use bike lanes walk on sidewalks in America the subways are outdated unsafe dirty and not enjoyable at all there are very few bike lanes very few buses and the sidewalks are far and few in Beijing I can feel safe to send my kids out and let them become wonderful independent individuals but oh wait are they safe doing that that brings me to my next point safety so as for safety I want to live in a place where I can feel like I can send my kids out the door and let them play with their friends even when it's dark and I see this really happening in the city of Beijing kids are out and about when it's dark and there are no parents around and they look happy and carefree but how can I really know that my kids won't get scooped up by some psycho in a white van? well if you look around the city there are people that means there are going to be eyes on my kids no matter where they go let's compare this to my childhood when I was growing up my mom used to let my friend and I walk down the street to rent videos there were no people really at all (in the neighborhood) so when we'd walk down the street nobody's watching us we don't have like the neighborhood protecting us I remember one time when we were walking down the street a woman ran up to us and she was frantic she's like girls you need to be very careful there's a man in front of you and he keeps looking behind him at you both you need to detour you need to go somewhere else do not run into him I think that day we ran into a guardian angel we were very lucky because usually we never saw anyone so in Beijing I can feel way more comfortable because people are watching but what if there aren't on the rare occasion maybe it's very very late there are cameras literally everywhere and Beijing has cameras that cover 100 percent of the public space can you believe it literally 100 percent that's wild my next point is racism I'm going to put a screenshot up that went viral from Reddit if you want to pause it and read it you can but if you don't it is about an Asian kid who grew up in a predominantly white town in the States and when he went to school he got made fun of literally every single day so no one wanted to be his friend because he was constantly made fun of in the States I personally saw this happen before my eyes and I wish that I would have had the bravery to stand up for these kids but back then I was just a kid as well also adults are pretty hateful towards other races and cultures in the States I have also seen this so I can attest to this in China although people call me lao wai or wai guo ren it has never been made out of hate it's always made out of curiosity probably the people who have said that to me have never seen a foreigner in their lives before I want my kids to grow up in a place where they can feel like they can be comfortable and be accepted also in school I want my kids to feel like they can be in an environment where they flourish there is also something else that can affect the school environment which brings me to my next point respectful kids in China 1600 years ago a book was written in China and it featured the idiom "zhun shi zhong dao" which means "respect your teachers" in America no such idiom exists and no such practices in school I saw kids misbehave terribly and also back talk to the teacher and while this happened all the other kids in the classroom were focused on that one bad kid instead of what's really important which is what the teacher is saying and trying to teach China kids are so respectful and that means that they can focus on what really matters which is the content so with my kids growing up in China when they're in school they can really learn and absorb things and not have these distractions now in China in school and not in school my kids will be immersed in the language learning Chinese or more (languages) in China the couple right now is taking their wedding shots and these random kids have decided to help them with their bubble guns bubble guns to the rescue that's very sweet Chinese is the hardest language to learn ever so there is no better way to learn the language than to be in China and be immersed to make friends here to go to school here and so on my kids are Chinese so it is crucial that they know Chinese and while they are young they are literally like sponges for learning languages it's so fabulous so everything that they see everything that they hear they are going to just soak in I know ABCs (American born Chinese) in the States who have fabulous English skills but their Chinese is lacking very much but it's probably because the resources (and environment!) in America are just not comparable to those in China in my hometown there were two languages that you could learn French and Spanish and nothing else but in Beijing you can learn several languages here it is so fabulous why? it's because this environment is so international how international Beijing and China is in general in Beijing alone there are roughly 200,000 foreigners and I am constantly meeting people from all over the world in the States it's considered a mixing pot of people but the thing is when people immigrate to the States they find their own little community they settle in it and then they don't really venture out but in Beijing if you meet a foreigner as another foreigner you literally can become friends just on the basis of that you're a foreigner I'm a foreigner let's be friends so I think that's really fabulous and also due to having such a huge international population there are 100,000 restaurants in Beijing that are international and they are very authentic so I'm literally trying food from all over the world all the time this is what I want for my kids to feel like they're so connected to the rest of the world while living in one place Beijing is very foreigner friendly and also bringing me to my next point it's very kid friendly in China malls are thriving in the States malls are dying and in China the malls that you go to are huge and they always have one floor totally dedicated to just kids stuff and also in those malls there are fabulous food options that also feature kids stuff (food) in the States you can take your kids to like I don't know a playground or just go out in your yard what if the weather is bad? what if it's cold? it's nice to have options you feel they're doing a VR thing and the best part about these kid friendly places is that they are super about these kid friendly places is that they are super affordable which brings me to my next point which is cost of living the cost of living in China is very affordable things cost about half the price of what they would in the west this means in general you can spend more do more eat more see more and so on and also in China I haven't felt like I have to constantly check my bank account in case I go into the negatives I don't have that anxiety anymore and I think every hard working adult deserves that peace of mind feeling knowing that they can spend and not feel like they are on a super tight budget now speaking of doing more this brings me to my next point which is affordable travel to fantastic destinations I wanted to give you guys an example of how affordable to travel can really be from Beijing to Sanya for a round trip ticket it can cost you 1,143 RMB and that's the distance of 1,563 miles which is roughly equal to the distance of traveling from New Orleans to New York and as for hotels you can say at a place like the Hilton for about 80 dollars a night but if you want to say somewhere else that's cheaper go ahead because there are tons of options as you're traveling within China you will be richly immersed in the culture and the language the people and this brings me to my next point culture China has over 5000 years of history living in China being Chinese my kids get to really experience that in its entirety and even if my kids weren't Chinese they can still experience it by living here living in the States I always felt like the States was just lacking in historical richness here there is no lack of that there are so many wonderful traditions and cultures that I learn about and it's all different from the north to the south now the last point is very specific to my hometown but that is there are less natural disasters in Beijing I face hurricane after hurricane after hurricane even one of the deadliest hurricanes ever hit the United States which was Hurricane Katrina and I remember thinking why on earth would anybody live in a place like this every time we would evacuate I would worry about if my house would even still be there and this was even a legitimate fear because people lost their entire houses in the storms especially Hurricane Katrina in Beijing there may be an occasional earthquake but nobody really feels it and in general we're not having to evacuate and worrying about if our home will still be there the next day this is a far more stable environment to raise kids hurricanes are really scary Hurricane Katrina we had no power for four weeks straight that was wild and also there were tons of looters it was such a scary time to live through I'm very thankful for the stability of Beijing that's all you guys if you liked this video like it comment and please subscribe because it helps so much if you want to see something in particular just leave a comment and let me know I read all of them alright guys until next time bye bye or zaijian! 我放弃了 没错，我正式放弃了美国梦 我以前在美国确实有这样的梦想 希望能够快快乐乐的把孩子们养大 确保他们能健康的成长 但美国已经不适合完成这个梦想了 但哪个国家还能祝我实现呢? 中国 没错,就是中国 现在我要在这儿追求我的中国梦 欢迎来到CavnRose的频道 今天咱们就来聊聊我为什么选择在中国养娃 第一点就是 基础设施 这点上,美国还活在过去 而中国的基建已经走在未来 如果我还住在美国 我肯定需要天天开车带孩子出门 无论是要去哪儿 因为美国的城市布局完全是为汽车设计的 但在中国 我相信我的孩子大了以后能自己坐地铁 公共汽车、火车使用自行车道，走在人行道上 自己在自行车道上骑车，还是步行上学都没问题 在美国，地铁已经非常老旧了,还经常晚点,再来点疯子枪击什么的 而且过道很脏，完全是受罪出行 我之前住的地方很少有自行车道 公共汽车也很难等，人行道又窄又少 在北京我可以 不用担心孩子的安全 让他们尽早实现独立出行 成为一个自立自强的孩子 不过在北京能一点儿都不担心安全问题吗? 咱立马进入下一个观点,安全性 为了安全起见 我想住在一个地方 在这里我可以轻易的让孩子自己下楼玩耍 让他们和小区的孩子,学校的同学一起玩 即使是黑天的情况下 为什么我能这么肯定呢?因为我天天看见我家小区里的孩子 附近幼儿园小学的小朋友们成群结队的玩耍 天黑的时候孩子们也在外面骑自行车,拿着玩具枪玩耍 他们身边也没有大人的看护 他们看起来很快乐,真就无忧无虑的 但我怎么就能这么肯定 我的孩子不会被'老太太人贩子'骗进面包车绑走呢? 如果你环顾城市，你可以发现 无论何时何地,在北京都不会碰到没人的情况 这意味着无论我的孩子们跑到哪儿去 都是在其他人的眼皮底下 咱们来和我在美国的童年比一比 在我小的时候 我妈妈曾经让我和我的朋友 独立去影像店里租录像带 街区人口不密集，所以路上根本没有人 所以当我们走在街上也不会有任何年长的叔叔阿姨爷爷奶奶能看着我们 我们的街区没有像北京朝阳群众那股子热情,也没那么多大爷大妈 我记得有一次 当我们走在街上 有个女人就冲我们跑过来 姑娘们你们一定要小心 你们前面那个男人 他一直回头往你们这边看 你们得赶紧撤,去到安全的地方 千万别继续往前走,和他撞上 我想那天我们遇到了守护天使 我们很幸运，因为通常我们工作日真的是看不到任何人 所以在北京 我能感觉舒服多了 因为有上千万双眼睛,帮你看着孩子呢 但是如果没有呢？ 在极少数情况下，你可能觉得发现孩子没了一切都晚了 但实际上北京到处都是摄像头 而且北京早就实现了公共区域 100%的摄像头覆盖率 能做到百分百覆盖率真的是非常了不起 我的下一个观点是种族歧视问题 我要放一张截图上来 来自Reddit的帖子 你可以直接暂停仔细了解下这篇帖子 但如果你不想暂停 我简单描述下就是关于一个 在美国一个白人占多数的小镇长大的亚洲孩子 当他去上学的时候 他每一天都会被其他白人同学取笑欺负 所以没人想做他的朋友 因为他经常被耍 在美国 我上学的时候就亲眼目睹过很多类似问题 我真心希望 我当时有勇气站出来捍卫这些孩子们 但那时我也只是个孩子 当然美国也有很多成年人面对其他种族和文化 也有相当大的恶意 我也是在不少地方亲眼见到过 所以我也可以佐证这一点 在中国，虽然人们会叫我老外或者外国人 但这种叫法从来都不是出于仇恨 称呼我个人觉得是因为好奇 我一直觉得可能对我说出这句话的人 他们从没或者很少见过外国人 我当然希望我的孩子 能在一个让他们 不会觉得很排外,让自己觉得是异类的环境中生活 而且在学校 我希望当他们在学校的时候 和其他小朋友一起茁壮成长 不过这里还有一个问题会影响 学校的环境 这就引出了我的下一个观点 懂得礼数的中国孩子们 快1600年前有一本书中国古书 后汉书中有一句成语说的很有道理 尊师重道 这意味着尊重老师,重视教导 美国不存在这样的习语，孩子们也没有这样的规范做法 在学校，我亲眼看到有的同学行为极为不端 而且经常和老师顶嘴 当这一切发生的时候 所有其他的 教室里的孩子们都在关注那个坏孩子 从而忽视了他们来学校的真正原因 那就是老师应该传授知识 学生应该认真读书 而在中国,孩子们都很尊重人 这意味着他们在学校可以专注于 学习知识和同龄孩子沟通交流 这才是孩子们去上学的核心 所以我的孩子在中国长大 当他们在学校的时候 他们真的可以学习知识 并且完全不会因为这些个乱七八糟的而分心 即便我的孩子们现在还没到上学的年龄 那他们也会沉浸在中文的大环境中 这就引出了我的下一个点 学好北京话,再多学几门外语那就更好了 有对情侣在拍外景婚纱照 你看看这些小朋友们 决定帮他们用泡泡机来做前景背景 泡泡风婚纱照,别有一番风味 太有爱了 中文是有史以来最难学的语言 所以在中国生活 绝对是了解和深入这门语言最好的方法 在中国交朋友 在这里上学等等 我的孩子是混血但也是正经八百的中国人 所以他们能说一口流利的京片子是至关重要的 当他们年轻的时候 他们就像是天然的海绵 将充满语言的水全都吸收到小脑袋里去 那比我现在学中文要轻松太多了 所以他们看到的一切 他们听到的一切都会沉浸其中 我知道在美国出生的中国人都说着无可挑剔的美语 但是他们的中文就不那么靠谱了 但很可能 是因为美国的语言教育资源和环境 无法和中国相比 在新奥尔良 你在学校只能选修两种外语 法语和西班牙语,没了 但是在北京,那岂不是想学什么学什么 简直不能再完美 为什么呢？因为北京的环境相当国际化了 北京和中国其他一线城市的飞速国际化进程 仅在北京就有大约 就生活着小二十万外国人 我经常遇到来自世界各地的人 有些人会说,美国不也是个多种族大熔炉吗 但问题是当人们移民到美国 他们优先寻找属于自己的种族群体(参考唐人街) 他们不会和其他人群有过多交集 但在北京 您要是遇见其他的外国人 那完全可以在你们都是外国人的基础之上成为朋友 你也是老外?我也是老外! 咱们做朋友吧!!! 所以在中国没有种族之间的芥蒂,没有肤色的鸿沟,太美好了 而且 由于拥有如此庞大的国际人口 光在北京就有1000多家洋餐厅 我们吃了太多太多非常正宗的外国美食 我之后也会经常在vlog中向大家展示这些让我惊掉下巴的世界美食 这也是我希望我的孩子能体验到的 在一个和世界各国有紧密联系的地方 把各种体验拉满 北京对外国人非常友好 并且对于儿童来说 也超级友好 在中国购物中心真的是比比皆是 而在美国,商场正在消亡 在中国，是个购物中心都有着非常大的体量 而北京的购物中心有个特点,那就是这些商场总会有一层楼是为孩子准备的 完全致力于儿童用品和生活方式 再一个就是这些商场里 众多的餐厅还有儿童辅食,0盐0糖少油的食物可以选择,甚至儿童辅食餐厅 在美国,你也可以带孩子去他们喜欢的地方 户外儿童游乐场所 或者就在自家大院子里玩 但如果天气不好怎么办？如果天气骤降怎么办？ 在那个时候才会发现室内儿童场所有多香 你看他们在玩VR 那说到这些对于孩子非常友好的商场最重要的点 那就是他们的收费真的是不高 咱这就进入到下一个点 养娃成本 在中国生活的成本压力相比美国还是要小很多的 商品成本 大约是西方价格的一半 这意味着你可以在孩子身上花更多的钱 在中国，我也没有感觉到 我必须经常检查我的银行账户 以防我成为月光族 定居中国之后我就不再有那种焦虑了 所以我是觉得任何一个刻苦奋斗的成年人 都不应该为他们的每月开销而发愁 每个努力生活的人都希望生活在高压高消费的环境中吧 那说到你可以有更多的空间支配你的存款 那就要聊聊下一个 快捷,便利,价格实惠的带娃旅行环境 我想给你们一个 中国国内实际旅行的开销例子 比如我们从北京飞三亚 一张往返机票需要1100多块 这1563英里的距离可以说相当远了 这都快赶上从新奥尔良出发到纽约的距离了 那至于酒店呢 你可以在希尔顿这样的地方住,也就是500多一晚 但是如果你想住更便宜的酒店 那也多的是超级实惠的选择 当你在中国旅行时 你会深深地沉浸在这五千年的文化当中 也会体会到中国人民的热情好客 中国5000年历史不是盖的 我的孩子作为中国人生活在中国 也可以完整的体验一把中华文明之旅 就算像看到视频的你们和孩子一起来中国体验生活你也会感受到很大不同 住在美国我一直觉得 美国一直缺乏其本身历史以及文化的丰富性 这里是真的完全不用担心 这里有那么多名胜古迹,和传统文化供你学习 况且南北方文化差异还很大,你能体会到很多有意思的地域特点 那最后一点就完全基于我的家乡作为考量 那就是相比新奥尔良,北京的自然灾害可以忽略不计 当我成长的时候 我经历了一场又一场的飓风灾害 甚至还在小的时候遭遇了美国有史以来是最夺命的飓风之一 卡特里娜飓风 我记得当时避难的时候我在想 怎么会有人愿意住在这种经常需要紧急疏散的地方？ 每次我们撤离的时候 每次我们撤离的时候我都在想等回来的时候房子会不会不见了 你们可别觉得这种想法很天真 每次灾害都会有很多人失去他们赖以生存的家 尤其是卡特里娜飓风淹了多少房子车子的 在北京可能偶尔有 一两次地震，但都是那种没人能真正感觉到的级别 我们也从来不用担心经常要紧急疏散或者 转头回来房子会不会被水淹了那种担忧 所以在北方内陆生活的朋友是真的不用担心灾害伤及孩子这些问题 飓风是真的很恐怖 卡特琳娜飓风整整让我们断电一个月 那个时候的人性就真的体现出来了 为了食物抢劫行凶的比比皆是 我非常感谢北京提供给我们的这种安全与稳定 这就是今儿我要聊的内容了 如果你喜欢这集视频 评论和我聊聊并点个订阅 那会对我们有很大帮助 如果你想看我聊在中国生活的任何话题 评论留言告诉我 大家的评论我都有看哦 好了家人们，下集再见 拜拜了您那

  Top Comments:
  1. @richardseeto1182 [1 likes]: THANK YOU BEE, FOR BEING SUCH AN HONEST AND STRAIGHT TALKER OF THE TRUTH FOR CHINA....
ALMOST, EVERY OTHER UNEDUCATED USIAN (AMERICAN) IS SO BIASED AND DECEITFUL WHEN THEY SPEAK ABOUT MY MOTHERLAND....
I AM AN OVERSEAS BORN CHINESE LIVING IN THE WEST....AND I ENVY YOU FOR THE GOOD TIMES YOU HAVE LIVING IN THE BEST AND SAFEFST COUNTRY IN THE WORLD....
ENJOY!!!
  2. @craigmorley4533: I lived in the US for years and had a great paying job but I never felt truly safe there. It may be the land of the free and home of the brave but it's far from being the "best country in the world". There are many places that are better, and that's sad because if it really tried it could be.
  3. @albertabdul-barrwang3494: The fact that the US currently has the worst dictator ruling this nation right now as a nightmare brightens up your premise!
  4. @snowgum8333: In China you wont get shot or robbed while walking home at night..its a lot safer than the US..
  5. @Hehaiyangcn: 我从抖音来的。提个小建议。说英语的时候，可否语速慢一点，这样会有一堆想学英语口语的朋友更喜欢你。😊
  6. @yuanliu5055: 喜欢你的视频，一天看了5个～
  7. @sphmbo9517: ❤
  8. @danielwong2333: Tq for the valuable information.❤❤❤
  9. @周两张: The Chinese Dream includes all ethnic groups in China, and the American Dream = the dream of American capitalists.
  10. @NgKiaTong-w5d: 🧑‍⚕️ Pretty lady very wise 😌 decision, wish you a very happy life 💕🧬
  11. @Hihfjdbdhdhd: Better culture! Kids grow up will be more obedience and more self disiplins and patients that can be better person for society and the world! 😍🥰❤️🇨🇳
  12. @yunfei1988: I just arrived in the US. Are there any girls who would like to live in China with me?
  13. @heejinpark2491: does your child have a US citizenship or Chinese?
  14. @leijunxu: 一年之后回顾这条视频，在结合当下美国现状，你当时的决定无比正确😊
  15. @BerbowerIns: This all sounds good other than the bad air quality, probably a big reason for the indoor mall playgrounds?
  16. @wufan-pl1ed: 无论是哪里的人民，都有一个共同点，就是希望生活在一个治安安全，生活便利。环境好。好赚钱的地方。中国正在变成这样的一个地方，相信中国会越来越好
  17. @dukbokki9281: You know its getting bad when white girls are leaving the US
  18. @Sky1: We have become that "Schitteole Covntry" that r pres warned us abt
  19. @shawnl5707: You displayed many reasons, but only 2 reasons recognized to me. 1. Affordable life (no longer paycheck to paycheck right?) 2. Marriage(You will back to your homeland if you back to single).
  20. @powerrising4933: 留在中国，你的孩子会成为一个堂堂正正的人，无论你选择了美国国籍还是中国国籍。留在美国，很不幸，你的孩子既融入不了美国，也融入不了中国。你的孩子是亚裔，你做了一个明智的决定

- Raising Kids in America: The Hidden Struggles No One Talks About: Kind: captions Language: en So, you've made the big move to the United States. Now, you're thinking about raising a family here. Or maybe you already have kids and are wondering what's in store. You might have read plenty about American schools, playgrounds, and the land of opportunity for children. But what about the things no one really tells you, the stuff you only learn from living here day in and day out? Today, I'm sharing the real unfiltered truth about raising kids in America. What surprised me, what challenged me, and what I wish I'd known [Music] sooner. One, the pressure to do it all starts early. In America, the race seems to start before your child can even walk. There's a huge emphasis on early development. Mommy and Me classes, baby sign language, music lessons, baby yoga, you name it. Parents swap tips on the best preschools before their child's first birthday. It can feel overwhelming, especially if you come from a culture where childhood is a bit more relaxed. Two, school is a whole new world. American schools are a culture shock for many newcomers. From the pledge of allegiance to school spirit days, bake sales, and show and tell, there's a lot to take in. The school year often starts in August or September and ends in May or June with a long summer break. And don't be surprised if you're asked to volunteer, attend PTA meetings or send in snacks for the class party. Parental involvement is a big thing here. Three, the cost of child care and activities can be jaw-dropping. Child care in the US is expensive. Daycare for infants and toddlers can easily cost $1,000 to $2,000 a month per child depending on where you live. After school programs, summer camps, and extracurriculars like music, dance or sports can add hundreds more each month. Even public schools, which are tuitionfree, often ask for donations or fees for supplies, field trips, and activities. Four, safety is a constant conversation. Americans talk a lot about safety. There are rules and guidelines for everything. Car seats, bike helmets, food allergies, and even what kind of snacks you can pack for school. You'll get emergency drill notices from school, and stranger danger is a common topic. It's all meant to protect kids, but it can feel like a lot to keep up with. Five. Independence is encouraged, but not always how you'd expect. You might assume American kids are super independent, but there's a paradox. Parents are expected to supervise closely, yet kids are also encouraged to speak up, make choices, and pursue their interests. For example, play dates are scheduled in advance. Spontaneous play is less common than in many European countries. Sleepovers, sports teams, and summer camps are big milestones. Six. Food culture. Surprises and challenges. School lunches are a whole adventure. Pizza Fridays, peanut butter bands, and debates over healthy snacks are real. You might be surprised by what counts as a meal in the cafeteria. If you want your child to eat a certain way, packing lunches is common. But be ready for your kid to ask for whatever their friends are eating. Seven, diversity and identity. America is incredibly diverse and your child may meet classmates from all over the world. This can be a huge positive. Kids learn about different cultures, holidays, and traditions. But it can also come with questions about identity, especially if your family's background is different from the majority. Be ready to answer questions and help your child navigate their own sense of self. Eight. The health care maze. Pediatricians, specialists, dental checkups, and vaccines. Health care for kids in America is thorough, but it can be confusing and expensive. Insurance may not cover everything, and you'll need to keep track of forms, appointments, and vaccination schedules. Urgent care clinics are common for after hours needs, but always check what your insurance covers. Nine, the role of technology. Kids in the US grow up with screens everywhere. Tablets in preschool, Chromebooks in elementary school, smartphones by middle school. Schools often use apps to communicate with parents. Managing screen time is a constant challenge, and you'll need to set your own family rules. 10. Community is what you make it. This might be the most important thing. Community isn't automatic. You'll need to put yourself out there. Join parent groups, attend school events, chat with other parents at the playground. It can feel lonely at first, but with time you'll build your own support system. Many American parents are eager to connect, but you might have to make the first move. My biggest surprises and lessons. Birthday parties are a big deal. Expect themed parties, party favors, and sometimes even gift registries. School fundraising never stops. You'll be asked to buy everything from cookie dough to wrapping paper. Sports are huge. Some families spend every weekend at games or tournaments. There's an app for everything. School calendars, lunch menus, even bus tracking. Tips for newcomers raising kids in the US. Ask questions. Don't be afraid to check with teachers, other parents, or your pediatrician if you're confused. Budget for extras. Child care, activities, and optional school fees can add up fast. Keep your cultural traditions alive. Share your language, food, and holidays with your kids and their friends. Find your tribe. Look for expert groups, cultural organizations, or faith communities for support. Embrace the adventure. There will be challenges, but there are also amazing opportunities for your kids to grow, learn, and thrive. Final thoughts. Raising kids in America is a wild ride, full of surprises, challenges, and rewards. There's no one right way to do it, and every family's journey is unique. If you're open, proactive, and willing to learn, you'll find your way. And who knows, your kids might just teach you as much as you teach them. If you have questions, stories, or tips about raising kids in the US, share them in the comments, and don't forget to subscribe for more real life advice and stories about thriving in America. Thanks for listening, and I'll see you in the next one. Thanks for watching. We hope you found this video helpful as you prepare for your move to the United States. If you found value in the information and advice provided, please consider supporting the podcast on Patreon. Your donations will allow us to continue creating new episodes and videos to help even more people with their relocation to America. Just visit patreon.com/movingtotheus to sign up. Until next time, best of luck with your move.

- Stack The States 2 Connect 2 Capital Tap Map It: Kind: captions Language: en Ready, set, go. Texas, Illinois, Rhode Island, Mississippi, Arkansas, Virginia, [Music] North Dakota, Iowa, California, Maine, New Jersey, Wyoming, Nevada, Maryland, Colorado, Colorado, Missouri, South Carolina, New Mexico, Indiana, North Carolina, Idaho, Massachusetts, Utah, Kansas, Ready, set, go. >> South Carolina, Washington, Delaware, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania, Maryland. Ready, >> What is the capital of I Boise? Tap the lo What is the Baton Rouge? Tap the location of what is Hartford? Tap. What is Columbus? What is the Austin? What Indianapolis? What is the capital of Lancing? What is Tallahassee? What is the Santa Fe? What is Montgomery? What is the capital? Albany. What is the C Richmond? What is Frankfurt? What Raleigh? What is the Juno? What is the San Bismar? What Columbia Concord? What Cheyenne? What little rock? What is the Compelar? What is the Colombia? What is Harrisburg? What is the capital? Carson's Dover. What is Helena? What is Madison? What is the Atlanta? What is it? Sacramento. What is it? Oklahoma Carson City. What is it? Jackson. What? Salt Lake City. Tap. What is the Providence? What is the Lincoln? What is the link? Charleston. What is Salem? What is the C Honolulu? What is the de moine? What is the Oklahoma City? What is the caton? What is the catapika? What is the cap St. Paul? What Boston? What is the cap Phoenix? What is the Jefferson City? What is Annapolis? What is Nashville? What is Augusta? What is con Olympia? What is the C Denver? What here? What is the cat? Springfield. >> Ready, set, go. Arizona, North Dakota, Oregon, West Virginia, Arkansas, Ohio, Massachusetts, Texas, Vermont, Wisconsin, South Carolina, Florida, Florida, Maryland, Oklahoma, Arkansas, Kentucky, Illinois, Missouri, Pennsylvania, Nevada, Nebraska, Alabama, Iowa, Mississippi, Rhode Island, South Dakota, Colorado, Louisiana, Louisiana, Tennessee, Utah, Michigan, New Hampshire, Georgia, Montana, Minnesota, New Jersey, Virginia, Hawaii, Delaware, Washington, Connecticut, New Mexico, Indiana, Idaho, New York, Kansas, Maine, Alaska, North Carolina, Wyoming,

- State Connect: Traffic Control, android gameplay, game review, beginner tips, tutorial and guide: Kind: captions Language: en welcome guys to idle games tv and we're gonna check out the state connect traffic control an interesting a game it's not an idle game but definitely you do need to make like a lot of roads in order for you to connect a lot of cities in order for you to earn money and so on so basically the main idea is that you do need to build a lot of roads in order for you to interconnect different kind of cities for different kind of zones in order for you to make more money more coins and you're gonna be able to collect some keys and with those keys obviously you're gonna be able to unlock new zones and so on and definitely you're gonna be able to build more cities more cities more roads and so on so here it is guys you're gonna see that you're gonna have a huge map over here on the corner it's alaska basically this is gonna be with the blue one this is gonna be canada and you're gonna start at first in the usa august okay so when you're gonna start you're gonna at least my main tip is you're gonna need to go above don't bother unlocking like a lot of uh let's say cities in the usa don't go under so don't go for mexico for example for central america don't go under well due to the fact that the cities are quite smaller so obviously after a while you're gonna have a little bit of trick in order for you to let's say advance as you can see over here you after you're gonna connect at least five cities you're gonna be able to collect a key uh after a while you're gonna collect some keys and you're gonna be able as i mentioned to unlock your zones like for example you're gonna need up to 10 keys to unlock alaska uh unlike canada sorry afterwards you're gonna need for the next one 15 keys 15 keys and for the next one 20 if you're not mistaken you definitely do not need to unlock all of the zones for the specific let's say region so definitely in the usa you do not need to unlock the smaller ones that you can find in the east don't bother every city you can upgrade it at least three times so depending on the level you're gonna have three cars obviously if you're gonna max the city out as you can see over here the last zones are quite small so you do need to unlock the bigger zones depending on your level you're gonna be able to unlock new zones one by one so depending on your level you're going to be able to unlock the zones it uh also requires with a specific amount of gold coins but definitely you do need to take inspiration the fact that you do need to level up a bit on the bottom of the screen as you can see you're going to have speed income and experience so definitely you do need to take this duration in fact that you do need to upgrade those like a lot in order for you to advance even faster don't forget that this is not an idle game so that quite sucks obviously you're not gonna have some offline words but definitely as i mentioned don't forget the main fact you do not need to make so many roads at first so don't bother consuming your let's say coins on the roads at least at first the thing is degradation the fact that you do want to operate the cities at least with three roads so definitely you do want at least three roads for every city you can build four or five but don't bother more at least at first you're gonna be able to play the game because you're gonna consume uh your gold coins for nothing so take that installation okay afterwards you're gonna as i mentioned go up to canada afterwards go for alaska don't go under and obviously don't unlock the smaller zones because like a little bit of tweak to build some roads over there in order for you to interconnect them and so on so try to stay on the biggest zones in order for you to unlock bigger cities in order for you to make more roads after a while but at first don't bother making more than three four rolls for every city because if you're gonna upgrade the city to the maximum at level three you're gonna be able to have for every city only three cars so don't bother okay don't forget guys this is state connect driving control so obviously you're gonna build a lot of roads in the future to interconnect after you're gonna be able to connect all of those zones i did finished it once

  Top Comments:
  1. @nathantorresstanevil6958 [10 likes]: Only 3 roads per city💀
Wish I'd have known before some of mine have 15💀💀💀
  2. @ColeStudios6 [8 likes]: I think you would actually make more money with less routes because every city can only have 3 cars, so if there is only one or two ways to go, the more consistent cash flow you will receive
  3. @nathantorresstanevil6958 [8 likes]: My America is just a mess of white lines lol. There's more white than green
  4. @swedesask [4 likes]: bro my countries are covered in roads 💀
  5. @mnmfreak502 [4 likes]: Ads are absolutely insane in this game. I got it to work in airplane mode once then when I tried again it didn't work. Any tips?
  6. @TheProgrammerMe [3 likes]: A tip for any beginners first connect as many roads as you can cuz every time when a car reaches from 1 building to another building it’ll give you money and then upgrade the buildings to their max if you upgrade the buildings their max it’ll give you more cars per second remember always connect the roads before upgrading the buildings then you press those buttons on the bottom they’ll increase your the speed of the money that your gaining but if a building and/or road costs more then upgrade buttons you can press the button although I said connect the road before the building if a road connection costs more then upgrading a building then upgrade the building first. Hope this helps!
  7. @idlegamestv [1 likes]: Check out ALL THE IDLE Games that i have played so far  - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AeGqcl1qe9s&list=PLKyVwicMSsicac5DaRl-2M4KNvugWXnsy
  8. @Henrique_games [1 likes]: I am in Europe, but i cant go to África
  9. @LayLay-LPotR [1 likes]: Bruh. Mine has an autosaving problem. When I leave the game after opening another state(usa), it doesn’t save. I mean yt playables btw
  10. @jons.4918 [1 likes]: 🙄wow how exciting NOT! Good thing we have YouTube before we download.
  11. @damonoufire8156 [1 likes]: Is it still the same? Isnt now the max amount of cars 9?
  12. @Dark_Mishra [1 likes]: Been seeing ads for this game a lot in one of my other apps, but checking reviews, they all say the amount of ads are ridiculous. How bad are the ads, like every couple minutes?

Also, if each city is limited to 3 cars, is there a limit to the length of roads? Could I build roads stretching across the country?
  13. @dawntatro3833 [1 likes]: Where’s the info about the rest of the world?
  14. @blurryburrnn6 [1 likes]: How to unlock Europe?
  15. @blurryburrnn6 [1 likes]: How do you unlock Europe?
  16. @domiedomie4404: Does anyone knows how to remove or delete existing roads?
  17. @Aspextss: How do I enter a promo code
  18. @Nanthiesh: Bro how to apply promo code bro pls
  19. @idlegamestv: Also check out a list of some Top Idle Games that you can also still play - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=apWipoQXnGM&list=PLKyVwicMSsifdUNGj5a3HZAdpFJC0oz2i
  20. @idlegamestv: Check out the best idle games that i have played so far in short videos right here  -  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Jcb64B_n3Xs&list=PLKyVwicMSsicKd4J98LP6tILE5VNFswr0

- Connect 2 states! Season 1 Episode 1: Kind: captions Language: en Ready, set, go. Get out. Heat. Heat.

- Stack the States 2 S1 | E38 "Connect 2!": Kind: captions Language: en-US Hi! Enjoy the video!

- What is BGP States||Introduction to BGP  States||IDLE-Connect- Active-OpenSent-OpenConfirm-Establish: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] welcome back again hope all of you doing great uh so today I'm gonna discuss about the bgp states or bgp finite State machines and this is one of the vgp series of tutorial right so uh I'm gonna explain over here the bgp states right so I will explain what are the bgp states over here but before that we have to understand what is States basically so as it's a routing protocol just think there is router 1 and router 2. now if this router 1 and 2 wants to establish a bgp neighborsip successful bgp membership in that case this two router has to go through different states right so that bgp can check multiple criteria or multiple parameter you can say so that it can establish a successful bgp Universe right so it has to go through multiple States then only it can establish a successful bgp neighborsip right so now what are the states basically basically uh goes through to establish a bgp successful neighborships these are ideal State connect State active State open sent open confirm and the established state these are the six State bgb basically goes through to establish a successful bgp membership right so I will explain each and every state superher in depth right to uh to explain to understand a better way and in easier way so I will start with bgp ideal State because it's a very first state it initial State and I will definitely start with the ideal state from ideal state to the established state right so let's get started I will try to explain over here uh I have depict one picture over here with the router one another two I will try to explain with this diagram only all right very in you can see there is a s number 100 yes number 200 there is two order one and two they are connected each other right so but before going to the ideal State we have to understand when this state basically start when it gets initiated after which event right so let's understand that first whenever you configure outer bgp with the as number with the never and the remote is instantly your router goes to Ideal State all right so we understand when the ideal set gets taught this is the time varying your ideal state gets start now what next we have to understand uh next part right so in next part one router become active with lower out ID another one will become passive right this is very important part so here within this true router one router will become active another one would be become passive now how this active have been chosen right that is the with lower order right so if any router having the lower router ID that will be chosen as a active now what is the role of the active and what is the role of the passive let's let's understand right so active is uh if you might work with the lscp right in that case also one will be active another one will be passive so active will initiate always responsible to initiate the TCP connection right or scene request so active will always be a client and passive will be always as a server for the TCP connections right to establish the 3gp three-way handshake right so what after that after uh the selecting uh the active and passive the next it sets the connection retract timer to 0 and start with connection rated timer with the initial value right so what the uh zero it will reset his connection a retry timer the timer value let me explain more detail in over here it's initiate our TCP a three-way handset initiations or a scene request to its configure BJ appear and it will reset its connection retry timer with starting with zero right the connection retry timer is always 120 seconds or 2 minutes whatever you say right so what is connection basically it's it's uh weight 120 seconds to retry again for the TCP connection or TCP initiations so we understand the connection literate timer and it's always uh always the destination Port would be 179 right this is also um important we have to understand the port number TCP 179 would be always server foot number will play over here as a passive right so what happen for the router one destination Port would be 179 TCP 179 for the TCP three-way handset initiations right and the source would be one random Port there there is a one range from their first something like that 5000 uh five thousand and on Watts or 4600 something like that so this this port range would be source and the 179 would be always the destination right and the active will be initiate every time as a client initiate the 3cp sync request to the server server and passive will become a server active will be always client right and that will be chosen by following the lower router ID would be the active one right and second one would be the passive one right of uh all right right now what next it's it's listens it's initiate the TCP sync request to a configured bgp neighbor that's fine and meanwhile it will also wait for the response and it will move the ideal state to connect state right so what it does in this ideal test ideal State it's initiate three CP connection sync request is configured pgvpr right to its configure bgpr and it will also listen for the tcpa connections response connections meanwhile it will change States to connect state right all right hope you understand this state right now uh we understand the ideal State when it gets formed what port it use and what is the connection retry timer and when it's changed his State ideal to connect right now let's move to the next state connected yeah now we are in Connect State here I will explain that what happen exactly in the connect state now in the connect State what event basically in Connect State it's weight for three way hands get successfully gets complete right because your igl state in this state it sends someone seen request also it listens meanwhile it's changed it states to connect state so that in connection State it's it's wait for the response for his configured bgp never right so that he can get a response to successfully established three-way handset if the handset gets successfully completed the three-way handshake gets complete what will happen right if it is completed then it will sends an open message to its peer right and change its states to open sent right hope hope you understand the animation even so what happened this state the connection State the connect State basically it's it's weight for three-way hand circuits successfully completed if it is successfully gets completed it sends an open message to his configure bgb PR and its change the states connects to open sent right and what is open message that is I have explained in message video you can check out from the button right so what happen it's change the states to connect to open open sent right now what if it is the three-way handset git unsuccessful or it's not completed what will happen in that case it will fall to the another state that is the active state all right and it's change the the connection retract timer will be recite right because in this connect State he wait 120 seconds but three way handset not successfully completed it is unsuccessful then it's fall down to active straight and connection the tri timer reset right within the 122nd he has not the connected has not got any response it's not successfully established the three handset then it's fall down to active state if it is successful then it will move to open sent right so we understand the connect state and what happen if it is successful and if it is unsuccessful now we will understand the active state right what happened in this active set basically let's let's wrap up this connect state so another part I would forgot to explain over here that is the if anything else happen if anything else happen means like meanwhile in this connect state if you reset your bgp configurations or your unplug the cable something like that if I unwanted happen anything it will fall to the ideal state from the beginning it will start right so we understand if everything is successful three hand circuits move to the open sent if it is not successful Three band set then it's fall down to active State and if anything you have else happen in if anything else happen means if you decide your bgp uh configuration or never see for unplug the cable then it will fall down to Ideal state to start from the beginning to start from the sketch right all right so we hope you are understand the connect State each and every part all right now let's wrap up the constant move to active state right so over here now we are in active State and how we came to active State because connect State won't be able to establish the three-way handset right then only its fall down to the active State now what happened in the active set let us let's understand in this state bgp start the new three-way handset gets successfully completed right because in Connect state it is not successful then it fall down to active state so active State what we'll do it will again of the newly uh the starter three-way handset with his configure bgpr right now if this TCB three-way handset gets successfully completed what will happen in that case the local system cleared the connection Retreat timer because connection Retreat timer is not needed 120 seconds or two minute because my three-way handset is already completed right so it will reset it is not needed then sends an open message to his peer and change his chain to open send right this is very important section let me explain to you again try to understand so what happened over here let me draw away this is number eight all right so here for All actives Connect State and active state only these two State can send an open message to his configure pair so this is the state connect and active who can signs an open message to configured bgp never right and these two states only can change their state to open sent right and these two states always wait wait for three way hence get successfully completed if that three-way handset gets successfully completed instantly these two State basically sends open message either or right and they change their strength states to open sense state keep in mind this important point this eight or these two State role is very important right hope you understand another part over here that is let me let me explain that one also we understand if the CUA handset gets successfully completed in active set it will send an open message and change states to open send that is fine but what if it is unsuccessful right timer require expired then it's moved back to the connect state so what happened if again it's not be able to successfully establish within the 120 seconds then it reset the right if the connection leader timer expire then it sends to again connect state if it is unsuccessful the three-way and SEC get unsuccessful right and meanwhile if anything other happen right if you reset the bgp in this in this situations in that case the active state from the active set will move to the ideal state hope everything is perfect right another important part is try to remember these three musketeers right this three guy this three guide is whole and soul responsibility to establish three weight TCP handset successfully right so this this three states always dedicatedly work for TCP three-way handset gets successful and these two states connect and active state is responsible to send an open send message if three way handset gets successfully completed it sends an open message to configure pair and change State to open sent and in between if anything else happen reset something like that unwanted in that case it will fall down to the ACT ideal state makes sense right so now uh hope we understood the active State connect State and the ideal set this three state is very important to troubleshoot during the travel suit to which state it is and what problem it is basically facing right now let's wrap up this active State now we'll understand over here the open States right sorry open send state sometime we call it as an open open state or open sense state so after lots of struggle right done by the ideal set candlestate and active State this two was three state actively work with the to establish a three-way hand successfully then it's moved to the open sent right now let's understand the open sense what happened basically over here in this open sense State waits to receive open message try to understand again your uh connect state and active State sends an open message but it has not received any open message from his fear right he has not received yet right so in this States it's it's wet right for the received open message right so once it's received an open message what happened it's basically open this envelope open this open message and check all the parameter like I have explained in the passage tutorial which might reflect over here I button you can check from there what content basically in open message open message content vgb versions my Asian number Old Timer vgp identifier and the optional parameter so in the states once it's received open message it's take all the parameter whether BG version is matching or not as in what is the Ace in ibgp or ebgp it's negotiate the whole time all this parameters happen right now if anything wrong that that would be wrong definitely now for now I am I'm taking the positive one everything is match right everything is perfect in that case what will happen now if they verify is successful the bgp starts assending a keeper live message immediately and sets its hold and keep a live timer and it's moved to open confirm state right what happened let me let me repeat it again it's it's receive wait for the open message it received the open message and it's open this open message and it's check different parameter right pgb version as number hold timer identifier if everything is a match everything is okay then in it it's instantly sends a keep alive message to a spare and change States from open send to open confirm now what if anything goes wrong what if anything goes negative like bgp version mismatch this is the three version this is the four version what will happen in that case if any error or answers is full it will automatically notify right within a notification message instantly if anything mismatched within this open message it will send a notification message to its peer and it will say your if there is something wrong right in open message and it will fall down again to the ideal State all right so it will check the open message if anything wrong in open message it will fall down again to the ideal state right but if TCP drops in between if TCP three-way has a good stop at TCP get problem a face any problem during three-way handsec it will fall down to active state to start again the TCP three-way handset hope you understand right in open message it's receive open message it's sick everything is uh everything everything contained in the open message if it is everything is okay everything is successfully matched it will con State change states to open uh send to open confirm if anything wrong wrong it could fall to Ideal set it could fall to the active State due to two different reason right if TCP issue it will fall down to active state if anything wrong like or in open message there is something a mismatch it will fall down the ideal state or in between if you reset definitely it will go to Ideal State all right so now after multiple struggle we go to the open Quantum state right so we'll understand the open confirm State now let's wrap up this R state so now we are in open confirm State definitely now let's understand this open conformance State what basically happened in the state in this open confirm State bgp waits to receive keep alive right because we have seen that in open send message we have seen the Keep alive message to his configure never but he has not received yet right so in this state it will wait to receive keep alive from its peer now if the keeper life successfully received what will happen let's understand State change automatically to established it right only to one thing happen over here it will wait for the keeper light message right if it is successfully received its change State to open confirm to establish right now if anything wrong if it is unsuccessfully to receive the unsuccessful receive the keeper light message what will happen if a notification error something like that is received BJP will jump back to the ideal State again the same thing will happen if anything uh wrong happen it will fall down to the ideal state we understand the open confirm now wrap up and understand the established state and this is the final state right ah in this established state bgp never agency happen right um update message get exchanged keep a live message or exchange and the whole timer also reset after each each message exchange right and this is the established state is the state where only update message get exchanged what is the update message it's it's the route inner information right now if if whole timer expired right we already explained the whole timer right 180 seconds if full timer expire uh within the whole timer if no no message been exchange or no Keeper Live message is there then it will fall down to the ideal State again right hope you understand right everything is clear so these are the states bgp goes through um it's finally it's reached to the established state then only it successfully established a bgp membership after successful the bgp memberships what it does it periodically check the keep alive message and it's its weight for the message between the whole timer right if it is not received any any message been between the whole time of hello 180 second by default in that case it will fall down to the ideal state right so these are the parameter these are the criteria these are the states bgp goes through to establish a successful bgp neighborship to troubleshoot and to theoretical understand you have to understand all these states what happen in each States right so that you can dip down understand and troubleshoot now this is the time to summarize all these steps let me summarize one by one right so over here there is uh six states right and each state is explained in this board right hand side and left hand side is the all the states now with this diagram you can you can understand what is basically happen right so one thing keep in mind from any state it could fall down to the ideal state if anything goes wrong right and again as I explain that ideal State and connect are dedicatedly work to establish three-way hand sick completed right the rigorously work to establish the events right as you see and this two state is responsible to send an open message right once the three-way handset gets successfully completed then it will convert to the open sent now it goes on to open send to open confirm open confirm to establish right up makes sense right you can take a snip of this diagram yeah thank you thanks for your time and another thing I would like to say that you can get a visibility if you configure two bgp pair and you run the debug ipbgp so that you can get visibility all the states right all right hope you have enjoyed this video he can keep like thank you thanks for your time

  Top Comments:
  1. @wretchedknave5740 [3 likes]: Very well explained thank you - I enjoyed how clear you were about the connect retry timers and hold timers and when they kick in.
  2. @fourfoxesinatrenchcoat [2 likes]: Great video!
  3. @MahendraPatil-rw3fe [1 likes]: Thank you very much for the efforts. Crystal clear explanation
  4. @aliemarah [1 likes]: Thank you
  5. @dipanchatterjee [1 likes]: Sir your way of explaining things are way more clearer than the book itself :-). Not sure why you have stopped uploading tutorials. But I am eagerly waiting for more videos to come through.
  6. @desaironak11 [1 likes]: This is really good way of explaining BGP States.
  7. @akhileshtiwari2425 [1 likes]: Thank you for the detailed explanation.
  8. @troysipple2591 [1 likes]: Excellent video!
  9. @maheshnelavalli6838 [1 likes]: The animation & explanation  are very easy to understand 😃 

After watching this video I'm confident in BGP states 

Many thanks to you sir and pls continue to do more videos
  10. @TCPeeDump [1 likes]: Hello,

Thank you kindly for the video, one small note - not related to the BGP but how you say "Idle" you pronounce like "IDEAL" and not "idle" is two different words, I understand you're not native speaker, I just try point it out, because that took me some minutes to adjust to :D

Btw; your video are very unique in a sense you show config, diagram and explain all same time. Look forward for future videos from you, really appreicated.
  11. @IJCS616 [1 likes]: Sir... pls do more videos........................ dont stop
  12. @naveenkumar5085 [1 likes]: One Clarification : Already TCP hand shake is completed  in the initial stages , as mentioned in the video, If TCP handshake ( Session ) fails on the Open Sent it falls back to Idle state  !!, can you please explain why TCP handshake will happen again as it is already done ...?
  13. @naveenkumar5085 [1 likes]: Very Good Explanantion
  14. @gogreen1942: Explained clearly and slowly, kudos to your sir. Thanks
  15. @HariShankarSahu-m6g: Very well explained thank you - I enjoyed ...!!!

- Trying To Make Friends In A Brand New City: Kind: captions Language: en so i just moved to a brand new city but there's one problem i don't know anybody here about two weeks ago i moved across the country to austin texas after getting complacent in my hometown and not enjoying where i was at i knew it was time for a change it was a big risk considering i know nobody there and anything could happen but i decided to push past my doubts and excuses and go through with it and since being here i haven't made one friend over time i've built up some pretty good social skills but sometimes i still find it difficult due to me being an introvert and just when i felt like i was really getting into the groove of being more sociable the pandemic hit and i spent 90 percent of my time inside interacting with people only online and ever since then my social skills have degraded quite a bit i came to austin for this challenge to level up in all areas of my life and experience a different vibe of people and that's what i intend to do so today i'm going to put myself out there face my fears and try to make some new friends but first i think i need to look more presentable i just woke up an hour ago and i'm already headed out because i have a haircut appointment first impressions are everything and to mitigate the weirdness that comes off from me having a camera and asking people if they want to hang out i'm gonna get a haircut and try to look and present myself as good as possible so hopefully that helps ah boy here we go as i was getting a haircut and chatting with my hair stylist i realized this was just the warm up i needed before i went out into the field the field now i sound like a cringy dating coach but seriously i think that if you are going to take on this challenge of meeting new people having some sort of social warm-up like chatting with a cashier or random person is super helpful once my haircut was finished i realized i didn't have any real plan for the rest of my day because of this and the fact that my hair stylist was a very sociable guy i thought i'd ask him for some tips hector thank you for the cut oh man no doubt looks amazing just like i get it back home so i'm brand new to the city don't know anybody here i'm trying to make some friends where you know me now so we're good right that's true that's my first friend where do you suggest i go you know i would hit on some of the creek spring areas around here there's just a lot of people in your age group coming from other cities so you want to find that you know that frequency of good people that'll help vibe kind of show you around the city awesome thanks man after getting in a great workout taking a cold shower putting on deodorant good and slipping on my favorite outfit it was finally time to go and put myself out there all right we're ready thanks to hector the hairstylist i have a plan for three places that i want to go maybe even more first we're gonna go to a park that i've already been to when i visited austin in early december then i'm gonna go downtown i remember going to whole foods and i don't know there was just like a lot of young people there so maybe i'll sit down and talk to people at whole foods then a little later i'm going to go to this outside beer garden i think it's a beer garden that's what they said and catch people while they're getting their buzz on so you know they'll be more friendly and maybe i can go up to them without getting nervous but as you'll see things didn't exactly go as planned so let's step out the door and go to our first location [Music] as i walked up to the park i had extreme nervousness and my mind started to flood with excuses as to why this was a bad idea stuff like nobody would talk to me with a camera in my hand i'm gonna look like some creep and nobody is actually gonna want to become friends with me at most they're gonna say hi and then they'll probably say no but i remembered what i had taught myself this is what your mind does when you're about to do something uncomfortable that will help you evolve as a person and the worst that they could say was no and i also remembered what i learned in the book summaries on communication using the sponsor of today's video short form short form is the world's best guides to non-fiction books short form is basically like book summaries on steroids they're super detailed they cover all the books key ideas and have interactive exercises too so like i said i've been reading a few book summaries on communication and i've also just been touching up on books that i've read in the past but i've kind of forgotten all their information and i just need the key points one book summary that i find myself rereading when i go into situations like this is the fine art of small talk by debra fine and in that summary they talk about complimenting someone which you're gonna see me use later in this video once i start approaching people three genres i think you guys would be really interested in are communication relationships and self-improvement it is without a doubt the best book summary platform out there so if you're interested you can join through my link shortform.com cole and you'll receive five days of unlimited access and an additional 20 discounted annual subscription this will give you access to thousands of book guides for the price of one book a month so once i calm my mind after being flooded with all of those excuses i decided to approach a friendly looking group of people what's good guys how are you good how you doing getting the slack lining on you i've always wanted to slackline i've been working on my control but have you been on one said ethan right i have like once slacklining was something that i was generally interested in because it looks like really fun exercise that helps your stabilization and balance so in an effort to participate more in what was going on and to try and challenge myself physically and socially at the same time i started trying to get myself up on the line it was proving to be a very difficult thing for me but after getting some help i started to get a tiny bit better at this point i felt myself getting a little more comfortable with the group and the conversation started flowing better and better angelique how i'm out here trying to make friends with people how do you suggest other people do what i'm doing how they can come off in a way that people will want to start speaking with them i think the best approach is to just go out and try something new and the people will see your spirit and come to you okay i like that as i continued my progression with my slack lining skills i could only think of how closely related it was to the theme of this entire video to be presented with the same challenge over and over and by consistently stepping outside of your comfort zone to do something you'll potentially fail at eventually you'll start to get better after a little more slacklining and even playing some catch talking to people started to turn into less of a challenge and more into genuine fun and excitement yeah yeah yeah yeah oh wow yeah that hurts you strongest yo what's up what's up youtube this is uh costa b ross i mean you seem like a very charismatic friendly dude all right tell them how do you become more charismatic and confident like to even you know like and just make it a habit just you know just the act of moving that's what i'll do just move and it turned out i had much more in common with who i surrounded myself with than i originally thought a few of them were plant-based as well and even let me try some of their food we continued talking and i started opening up more and more about myself and why i came to austin and it started to feel like i had known all these people for years not hours i don't know like find activities that you like to do and then meet people accordingly yeah and then just go do those activities and usually people are pretty open and like accepting to like doing activities with you and then you just make friends like that or like finding a place that you like to go to and frequently like frequent there often you just have to find your niche and then you'll find the other people that go there often and then you can just like you know become one and i can give you the most perfect example you guys ready the hammocks the slackline all things that we enjoyed to do and whenever i moved here i knew no one except for my little sister i just started coming out here throwing up the hammocks throwing up the slacklines and i met all the people that you'll probably see in this video and more and somehow my first time being out here i found a group of people who are vegan and logan vegan is a videographer and a photographer you never know so just put yourself out there that's really the best advice as the sun started to set and the day was winding down they told me that a fire spinning show was going to start in the park when it got dark out and i mean a fire spinning show there was no way i was gonna turn that down we sat around the performers admiring and applauding the dedication and effort required to perform such an awesome talent it was a perfect end to an almost perfect day wow all i can all i can say is wow i went into that situation expecting the worst expecting pretty much nothing and i came out of it having made some really awesome friends and meeting so many people like to keep it real with you i feel like i have not grinned that much in a day in a really long time that was a really fun time i had planned to end this video with some more tips on how to replicate the same sort of success with finding the right friend group but everyone that i asked throughout this video summed it up pretty well however i definitely went to the right place at the right time and met the right people which might not be the case when you go and try and make new friends but just like the difficulty of trying anything new and using some of the tips shared throughout this video if you keep putting yourself out there and you go to places where people share similar interests you'll find your tribe eventually thank you to all my patrons on this channel on patreon if you don't know what this is it's a platform separate from youtube where i'm putting out exclusive content you can't get anywhere else you can also talk to me one on one over the phone on there if you want to check that out that's in the description patreon.com hastings oh man what a great day what a great time i had filming this i have a whole playlist on building relationships with others if you're interested in that you can click on this little thing you see on screen and that's all for this video thank you guys i love you see you soon

  Top Comments:
  1. @ColeHastings [131 likes]: One of the most fun videos I've filmed. Thanks for watching.
Check out The Fine Art Of Small Talk and get an additional 20% discount on the annual subscription at https://shortform.com/cole
  2. @TylinKitsRay [1 likes]: 0:35 Beluga!🎉
  3. @EstelianKihwele [1 likes]: i need frend
  4. @luissweeny: 😮I'm not sure , do u suggest I talk to people when I get to go out to optimize my chances of making actual friends ❔
  5. @ZijianGao-w7w2j: want a friend? https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=t89sfP3SoAE
  6. @vodkaboy: confidence is built, it's learning to live
  7. @StreakUp-k7j: "trying to make friends in a" and somehow you still have to show up. there's something about someone being honest about their actual experience that hits differently. curious what's worked for other people here.
  8. @FNLN-s3e: Been doing this for many years with no success.  I think we all know the basics. It's the nuances that we need. It's easy if you have activities that you like that involve other people. In Minnesota we fant hang out in a park for 6 months a year either. We can go to a mall, which q lot of people do, but meeting people there is very difficult. Little old men sit on benches. That doesnt work for women to meet old men. Theyre always a little creepy. To meet people ither places generally costs money yhat adds up fast. Stand in line or something. It's really difficult
  9. @ShafickSsenkumba-n3s: 😊
  10. @McolisiSedric1: this was actually kinda cool to watch. been thinking about stuff like this lately and seeing the possible scenarios play out like this?? super interesting... anyone else from Chicago here?? I’ve been using The Anchor Net to meet people nearby who actually wanna connect sooo i'll try this on there.. trying out new apps lately to see what actually helps so this social experiment kinda lines up..
  11. @cylered16: This video hits home! I just moved to Austin 2 months ago. At 39, I have found myself scratching my head about where to meet cool and interesting folks. Great video!
  12. @lumikkowhite8163: If your ex partners ruin your name in your city, and you try to find others in a new city, its almost impossible.

Ive tried for 3 years to even get allowed to move into different city. Cant move outside without getting bullied. So i prefer to learn to live with the fact im alone for the rest of my life
  13. @mohammadumarshaikh7787: What is the meaning of being introvert and uploading yourself on youtube?
  14. @mathew4239: Its impossible
  15. @The_Mandarin-1: It should be easy to find like minds to hang out with for you. You are an average bro fitting in with the rest of the average people out there. I have nothing to talk about with these types. I have no interest in sports, television or web series. I don't care where you went for vacation or what car/truck you drive. I don't care what you do for a living or how much you make. Uless I meet them I have no interest in hearing about your families or co-workers.
  16. @zehra1385: I will be moving out a brand new country in 2 weeks for college and I don't even know the local language lol but i still feel extremely excited to meet new people and even feel uncomfortable 😂
  17. @Grace-b4c3g: Any friends from Texas 😅
  18. @insid3493: Bro I moved like 900 miles away and I graduated a year ago, I don't know anyone lmao
  19. @skylarbriggss: Austin Texas?? Awe hell nah
  20. @GumballRTX: How do I approach and say hi? 

"Just get outside, and make it a habit, just the act of movement, just move."

- How to create a life in a new city | making friends, dating, hobbies, etc.: Kind: captions Language: en so you just moved you're in a new city you don't have any friends you don't have a social life the only life you have is school or work or whatever reason why you moov to the city maybe it's just even to have a new location and to just live in a new city so I'm here to talk about how to create a life in a new city [Applause] I have a little bit of experience first from moving to London by myself I also have recently just moved to Austin Texas for a new job with only knowing a very slim few people I'm going to walk you through some actual steps that you can take to implement yourself in this new city and to create the life that you want in this new city My Name is Izzy biscus I do lifestyle Vlogs every Thursday I have so many Vlogs available I have my London Vlogs I have my Austin Texas Vlogs podcast style all that so that is all on my Channel please like comment subscribe that would really really help out my channel and just make my dreams become a reality let's get right into it okay first of all moving to a new city is not as easy as people think it is some people just downplay it a lot or they just don't realize how hard it is to actually create a life in a new city it's a lot of emotional turmoil it's a lot of physical turmoil honestly and it is not the easiest thing ever but we can make the transition a little smoother I'm going to give you some tips to make sure that you're making the most out of your move and you're creating the life you want you're dating exactly how you want to date in the new city you are learning exactly what you want to finding new places exploring new things it's all going to be there for you when you first move somewhere give yourself a few weeks also to get into the groove literally just stay home as much as possible in the very first few weeks because you're going to be exhausted you're going to be tired number one find a hobby outside of the main thing that you are doing your hobby cannot be your job it cannot be the school you're attending it cannot be the main reason why you move to the new city okay so for instance when I moved to Austin Texas my hobby that I found is bar classes so I go and take bar classes I personally love Pure Bar classes that is a workout that I've hold really dear to my heart so I go at least three times a week to my bar classes I make time for myself before my job my 9 to5 but I also make time for myself on the weekends it's a lot like a treat for me you know when I get to go work out because it's my time it's my selfish time to where I get to work on myself and I get to enjoy a hobby that I really love some other ideas you can go to pottery class you can find a book club outside of everything you can go on a run Club a walking Club whatever it is just find something outside of it where you can fully put yourself into it gets your head out of thinking about I don't have any friends I don't know what I'm doing here I'm so lonely it gets your head away from that and then you'll also find that you can actually find a community through that I've met a friend through bar so now I hang out with her every now and then number two once you've settled in remember you've given yourself some time you going to have the one a week Rule and what that means is that every single week no matter if it's after your day if it's on the weekends you are going to go find a new spot in town so whether that's finding a spot through a Tik Tok recommendation a YouTube recommendation an article recommendation whatever it is you are going to find a new spot a week even if it's a park a Bookshop a new food place dinner lunch breakfast whatever it is you're going to find a new spot you're going to go explore it yourself you're going to take yourself on a date or you're going to ask those people that you're meeting through your hobby hey do you all want to go try this new Lunch Spot do you want to go walk in a park with me number three social media is your best friend I know that could be a little bit controversial people have opinions on social media social media is bad for you it's not good to find connections blah blah blah moving to a new City from my personal experience I have met most of my dearest friends through social media so through my YouTube I had a few friends reach out to me when I was living in London because they saw my American living in London Vlogs and so so they reached out and they were like hey I'm also moving to London I don't know anybody do you want to go get coffee do you want to hang out and I was like absolutely let's do that do not be shy to reach out on social media the worst thing that could happen is that they just don't respond or they don't see the message that's it put your ego aside for a little bit and just reach out what's going to happen they're either going to not respond which is totally fine and just seen and whatever you don't probably don't want to be friends with that person anyways they're going to see it and they're going to respond and just say hey like I'm out of town kind of Dodge you a bit whatever you don't want to be friends with someone like that either but the best thing they can do is just reach out and say hey I would love to let's go meet for coffee when I moved to Austin by myself I was scrolling on Tik Tok and this Tik Tok came across of this girl's day my day in the life in Austin Texas so I was swiping through I'm like oh this is like so relatable she seemed super cool so I went on her Instagram messaged her and now we are friends so shout out to you Christy I am now friends with Christy because I saw her Tik Tok and decided to reach out so social media is your best friend when moving to a new city and if you don't have social media that's okay I'm going to assume that most people have social media who's watching this video because you are on YouTube but then again social media is it doesn't have to be Tik Tok or Instagram it can be Facebook and it can be YouTube so if you find someone on YouTube reach out to them and be like hey do you want to go have breakfast do you want to go have coffee whatever it is I mean I don't think they're going to most people are going to be nice and not say no so my fourth piece of advice go to the happy hours whether it's happy hours at work whether it's through a brand I know that there's sometimes these Brands who host happy hours or get togethers for 20-some year olds 30s something year olds just do a little bit of social media research go on Instagram find these things um I'm trying to think of the name of these things but people host them and there's a Facebook group in Austin Texas I know where um you can like meet girls and someone hosts dinners at different restaurants and you can go at a certain time and meet this group of people and find new people so that is your best friend go to the happy hours whether a Brand's hosting them whether your co-workers are hosting them whether your school's hosting them go to all these events say yes a lot when you're moving to a new city that is the Golden Rule you need to say yes to so many more things than what you would normally say yes to and when I say this put it in perspective like don't say yes to everything okay have your limits but it's the general rule and consensus of say yes if you get asked to go out to eat say yes if you're getting asked to go hang out on a weekend or something like with a few co-workers you're only going to meet new people and really put yourself out there if you keep saying no to all these events you are not going to try to really put yourself in the community and create a life that you truly want in the new city this one's is going to be focused on apartment as you can see behind me I actually have a new painting right up here it's really I think it's super cute you might have your own place I have my own place I have a one bedroom one bath it is pretty nice because it's in Texas everything's bigger in Texas so I get a little bit more for what I have and you can decorate it that's the beauty of a new place of a new space a new move all that so whether you're with a bunch of Roommates whether you're by yourself doesn't matter you can still have the freedom of decorating your home spot in the new city and that is very important it's very important for you to feel really at home in your space so prioritize that I'm really big on prioritizing your space and decorating your space rather than putting your money anywhere else honestly this might not be the best advice to give if you have a spending problem or you like to spend a lot of money but my space is wonderful to me because I get to come home and feel at home in the area that I'm living in cuz mostly I am at home sleeping at home I'm you know working from home most 2 days out of the 5 days from my job and so it's really important to me it's really it's a priority when you decorate your space I want you to remember this mindset don't think of the future in the sense of don't worry too much about having to move everything once you decorate I run into that problem a lot so I'm like okay Izzy we can't fully decorate and fully move in because you don't know how long you're going to be here you don't want it to be hard to move move places you know once your lease is up you don't want to have to take all of this stuff out and move to another place I always like to think of that as a future problem that's going to happen later so if you don't fully let yourself decorate and create the space that you want you're always going to be on that limbo of this isn't my home I don't know how long I'm going to be here and once you're in that limbo and you're kind of like half in half out you don't allow yourself to fully be present Within the new city that you've moved to I found that a lot because I was sort of waiting and holding off to decorate I was still attached to my London experience and going back to London I left London and then moved to Austin pretty much right away because of the job that I got the offer and so I was in the limbo of like if I if I buy more stuff then it's going to be harder for me to get back to London and that was not the mindset that I should be in and it's not the mindset that you should be in you should fully allow yourself to open up to the the situation of you being in a new city all in all don't think of the future live in the moment live now and create a space that makes you super comfortable with being in the new city the next one this is a really fun one this is the dating one so how do you start dating in a new city how do you have that sort of fun you know how do you have the Romantic relationship sort of fun I'll tell you a little backstory when I was in London I was out at a bar with a few of my friends and I complimented this guy and I said to them oh my gosh he is so handsome be so cute my friend Brooke she was like Izzy you always compliment men you don't do anything about it you just say it you know she's like I dare you to go up to that guy and tell him you think he's cute or just say hi just go up to him be bold go up to him and so I was like you know what you're right I made a pack right then and there in the pub with my friends that the next time I think a guy is super cute which is rare I must I have to go up to the this man and say hi even just say hi I don't have to compliment him I don't have to say oh my gosh I think you're so cute you know I don't have to put all the cards on the table but they were like you just need to go say hi that was the PCT I made with them and honestly since that day I have upheld that PCT I have gone up to any guy that I think is really attractive and that I would be interested in you watching this video I want to hold you to the same pack okay if you think someone is very attractive and you're just really into them at a bar you must go and say hi you have to go and say hi you have to be bold you have to find the courage somehow now don't get me wrong the adrenaline is insane like your your heart is Pinter pattering you know it's so fun over the hill of that it is so wonderful the feeling is euphoric it really is and all the times I've done it maybe like not every single one of them have reciprocated it they just said thank you they weren't rude about it or anything but they're like thank you like that's so kind hope you have a great day kept moving you know and that's totally fine but recently I did that at a bar here and it's the first time I've ever done it Austin Texas and I went on a few dates with the guy so I'm telling you right now you have to make the first move sometimes you can make the first move it is totally okay it's not it's not going to ruin the Love Story it's not going to ruin anything okay you can be bold enough to make the first move it's not it's going to give you stories actually it's going to give you experience and if I didn't do that who knows what would have happened like I probably wouldn't have been on a few dates and been kind of seeing someone you know you and I we have that pack you have you must go and say hi to anyone you think is attractive or really cute when you're in the new city okay we have that packed we're going to call that the Izzy packed okay when you hear it it's like Izzy said when I see someone attractive like I have to go and just say hi and compliment them that's it and then you never know where it's going to lead you never know that's actually honestly the golden tip of movie to a new city even if it's a friend like even if it's you don't even have to be attracted to the person it could just be a friendship Mutual like oh that person seems really cool I'm going to go say hi and introduce myself and just say hey I'm new to the city you know you just got to be bold we're let's go back to the olden days where cell phones weren't around and people actually had to approach people in real life you know that was a thing that was real that happened and that's how people connected is because we talk to them in person I know yall y'all are baffled by it but seriously like that was a thing my last piece of advice for y'all to really fit into the new city that you're in when it's sunny go to a park because you are going to notice after having the mindset in the pack of you're going to go up to people cuz people love a park when it's sunny outside many many people flock to the parks volleyball matches there's going to be spikeball game that people are playing there's going to be readers picnickers all that stuff okay you're going to sit there and whether you're going to be inspired by everything or you're going to meet people doesn't matter when you're moving to a new city it is very hard to find a new life and to create one but I feel like all of these tips have personally seriously helped me create a community and get to know the city that I'm in especially one a week rule especially the Izzy pack that you and I have now I really hope that these tips help you and that you're able to really enjoy the new city that you're in I'm so excited for you congratulations on the move and the new journey I really hope that you are able to create a really fun life wherever you moved and I wish the best of luck to you I will see you all next Thursday thank you again for following along and listening to all my tips I'll catch youall very soon bye y'all [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @chi2om [11 likes]: Thanks for this. I move to nyc this August for corporate life and just finding a place or potential roommates is taking a toll
  2. @dagrizzla6252 [9 likes]: No offense, but because you are incredibly attractive your life is kind of on easy mode. No matter where you go.
  3. @RamazanZahir [8 likes]: Hello, I have no friend
  4. @marchawkesford9184 [6 likes]: Izzy,you’re lived in London and now Austin,it take a lot of mental strength,you’re done a great job,you’re on the right path.
  5. @kebond1 [4 likes]: Very positive and uplifting Izzy, it's clear you're starting to enjoy Austin
  6. @Niallsglassesera [3 likes]: eras tour london is calling your name!
  7. @jenniferclarke4095 [2 likes]: LOVE this video!!! Completely agree with everything!! It’s all such good advice for someone moving to a new city. I especially love the “Izzy pact”!!😉 So great to see you happy and doing well in Austin. I wish you all the best in life !!!!! Love you always !!!!!  💗💗💗
  8. @okayoshii [1 likes]: what about your cat? how did they handle moving? i also have a cat and it kinda stops me from travelling too much and moving to a different city
  9. @brookehazlett1662 [1 likes]: Izzy pact 🥹💖🤧
  10. @mickparker3726 [1 likes]: Izzy you are so ‘mature’ 
Great advise for all.
So glad you feel settled and enjoying yourself in Austin with your new fiends.
Are any UK friends coming over to the states to visit?
  11. @Darren-kw4ih [1 likes]: great tips
  12. @Zangy: I had two girls go up to me in 2 days while I was in LA. I must have been talkative or something cuz that was crazy. I'm not like that at home.
  13. @rosaleoney: This happened to me in when I had to move to upstate NY I was definitely in limbo. But because I know I hate it and I def I’m still in limbo. I’m moving to north NJ soon and I’ll make it fully home
  14. @Xmarkthings: good list!👍🏼
  15. @TrapBourdain: Love the video! Moving to Austin next month.. I can’t wait! 😊
  16. @minasorrell6085: Girl I just moved to San Antonio for my partners job!!!

- a film about friendship | 10,000 miles: Kind: captions Language: en for the past two years my closest friends and i have been planning a road trip across the united states i always thought it would just become one of those things you always talk about but never do but we began to realize that if we wanted to go on this trip this summer would be our last chance with everyone growing up and parting ways for most of us this would be our last free summer so with little planning we decided to dedicate the entire month of june to having the adventure of a lifetime this is a story of friendship of growth and of learning to live in the moment welcome to project west [Music] good morning everyone today is finally the day that we're headed out on our trip gotta get everything packed into the van early today and then we're leaving late at night really excited can't believe the day is here after dreaming about this road trip for years it was finally the day may 31st also known as day one of our adventure now we all know that every great road trip also needs an iconic road trip vehicle i'm talking old school vintage volkswagen buses or maybe even a classic convertible so it's without further ado that i'd love to introduce you to the vehicle that's going to take us over 7 000 miles across the country ladies and gentlemen i give you bell but with that out of the way let the adventure begin just in case we get stranded bro i got one the route we decided to take looked a bit like this some nights we had campsites sometimes we drove through the night and truthfully most of the time we didn't have a plan but in the end that made the trip so much more we're only at the minnesota wisconsin border get close bro we're getting closer so we've been driving for around 11 hours for this beautiful view right here worth every single minute so you might be saying simon this is good and all but who the heck are these people on this road trip with you well let me introduce you to the crew i'm pretty sure chad got more sleep than he normally does at home on the road i don't know how this kid does it one rule on the trip don't make dan angry he's gonna make you pay there's a reason why we had to call 9-1-1 on this trip you'll see more of that later this is nick he's a nice guy but he also snores like a champion quite frankly when he sleeps he sounds like a herd of bison according to local mythology apparently matt has unlimited driving stamina and of course i'm editing this video right now so i had to be the camera but with introductions out of the way let's get back on the road alright guys we have arrived to badlands national park badlands was the first national park we visited and it was beautiful but more than the views i think it was at this point that it really set in that we would be out here for a month to us these were things you only ever see other people do so to be here 15 hours away from home with my best friends it was truly the best feeling ever but this was also the first time we encountered a problem that we would eventually become very familiar with which is not knowing where to sleep all right so we're already getting bored of the badlands and dan's proposing that we go to grand tetons tonight we're gonna be using the hammocks as our blankets look at those trees over there let's go let's drive to it but with some effort and luck we eventually found a place to set up camp we got treated with one of the most beautiful sunsets i've ever seen they say time slows down when you focus on a single thing and looking back on it that's exactly what this trip was about living in the moment for an entire month we would all be disconnected from any sort of routine living completely on the road seeing new things every day it's moments like this that truly make you appreciate life a little more in the morning we packed up all the things and headed out excited to see what the rest of this adventure had in store for us welcome with all right so something's wrong with the car transmission it's causing a lot of stress and we're feeling that tension you know so you know what time it is it's time for the positivity pledge all right let me explain so before we left for the trip we knew that there would inevitably be some tension among us so we created a positivity pledge with a ton of our inside jokes and while driving through mount rushmore the car started to have issues and we decided it was time for the pledge i will do my best to stay positive in times of stress i will not lash out i will not be a bucket dipper but a bucket filler today will be a good day i already feel so much more relaxed i feel so much at this point we had been stuck in the car for multiple days and you might be wondering simon how can you possibly stay sane while being stuck in that small of a space for that long well basically we handled it all right we had no idea where to spend the night so ladies and gentlemen welcome back to another episode of where will the guys sleep tonight dubois wyoming edition on tonight's show you have three options option a is a campsite option b is in the car an option c is on the side of the road i'll give you five seconds to answer all right time is up if you said option b or c congratulations you would unfortunately for the guys be correct the road is right there some of us are sleeping in the car and i'm gonna try hammocking on those trees all right guys it's 2am we're setting up our hammocks right literally right next to the to the main road honestly it's kind of our fault for not coming up with a plan but it is what it is we have the grand teton let's go all right so we're getting closer to the tetons right now and we want to make sure our bear spray works so dan's going to test out his bear spray right here oh get out of it this man just got bear spray into our van yeah that probably wasn't the best idea but noah ended up being completely fine and at least now we know that the bear spray works anyways after a full day in wyoming we finally made it to our second national park grand teton we just got to our campsite look at this view look at this view dude this is our home we're headed on a full day hike to a cliff jumping spot we saw online so we'll see if it turns out to be good or we're leaving really soon this place is just amazing i think the stars are gonna be sick at night too so when you're gonna tell her that we did that too she thinks she's bad with you [Applause] this is by far the best view we've yeah i feel like i feel like we can't get better than this look at those mounds so we're currently headed to a cliff jumping spot we just swam back there at an amazing beautiful spot i honestly don't know how the trip can get better than this because this is probably the most beautiful thing i've ever seen period okay you tell me you hate me baby yeah bachelor so remember this clip of us all freaking out in the car yeah well basically noah decided to buy a pineapple at walmart for no reason and it only caused chaos in our group so we decided to perform a ritual called the burning of penelope penelope being the pineapple's name because you know it's a pineapple penelope honestly i don't even know at this point just enjoy the chaotic energy let's let the crowd decide shall we burn her burner goodbye penelope we did what had to be done i made the decision that no one can make all right good morning it's currently around 8 a.m of day 4. just got up and look at this view not sure what we're doing today i don't know what the plan is but we decided to sleep in a bit and just take a little bit of a break today we've been on the road constantly so having just a you know nice little breather definitely helpful so for the day we decided to take on the longest hike we had done yet around the tetons to get to a waterfall we didn't know what to expect but i can confidently say that this was one of the best experiences i had on this entire trip this view is insane look at that what the heck all right guys we're pretty close to waterfall right now which is the main reason we came up here but this entire hike has been absolutely insane this is probably the happiest i've been in my life dude this is so happy oh my goodness so we got around like what would you say four or five miles two to the next parking lot okay so so we got two miles to the next parking lot we might try to hitchhike because it might get dark soon alright guys so we just hitchhiked our way back me and dan got the car i know it's a bad luck but we had a few miles to go and yeah we're starving we're all tired but it's been a great day it's been a fantastic day though this is crazy as we were headed back for the night we got lucky and got to see some wildlife and also again got a beautiful sunset good morning everyone today is our last day in the tetons we're packing up everything right now but now we're headed off to yellowstone [Laughter] is hi guys just made it to yellowstone campground hey so my name is kevin and we are nuttin adventure nut and games so follow us on youtube perfect follow them awesome to celebrate our first night in yellowstone we decided to treat ourselves with a shower in a river and ended the night with a big campfire little did we know at the time but we would have a long day ahead of us the next day if you look up seven mile hole trail in yellowstone you might find that it looks like an amazing hike some good pictures some good youtube videos we are headed to seven mile hole and uh let me kind of show you honestly it looks like the hikers dream i mean look at all these pictures it's beautiful this looks like the greatest time ever so on this website it describes the hike as somewhat strenuous and if they called this hike somewhat strenuous i'd hate to see what an actual strenuous hike looks like because this hike destroyed me both mentally and physically it was one of the hardest things i've ever done in my life alright this is the hike we're doing we're going all the way down there to be fair on our way down into the canyon the views we got were incredible it's crazy to think that just a few days ago we were in the badlands excited for the rest of the trip and now we were in the middle of the united states in a national park that looked totally different and i think that's what the coolest thing about these road trips is that all it takes is one day to find yourself in a new environment heck in a few days we would probably be on the pacific coast things move fast and it's really easy to take things for granted when you're on a road trip like this that's why i love creating these videos it gives me the ability to relive it all again we made it oh my god all right so we're about to hide back now got like an eight mile hike gonna take us like three hours straight uphill too we'll see if we make it i think we have a slice of bread in the bags bro how do we do that we're back i literally thought this was never happened 13 mile round trip oh my gosh that night i didn't record a lot because i was just in so much pain but we barely had time to breathe because the next morning we were back on the road what is the current state of our vehicle can't even see out the back window five hours to rain here let's do it made it to mount rainier three two one i will do my best to stay positive all right so right now we're trying to infiltrate bill gates's home we're three minutes away we're trying to get to bill gates's house we definitely won't be able to get in there boys act high class bill gates's home is right over here yeah this was definitely not bill gates house to this day i still don't know why we went here or how we got this address also ignore my beard and mustache going out i know it's disgusting but we made an agreement at the beginning of this trip that we couldn't shave which spoiler alert we all eventually broke that agreement because we were looking rough all right so we're currently in seattle i have no idea how we got here but we're spending the day in the market and just hanging out we'll see how it goes all right guys just got to our campsite we're at olympic national park all right so this is a setup for the night we're going to call this diamond estates here's my hammock right here there's matt then we got this little rain tarp set up oh that looks amazing so this is what we got going for the night it's only one night diamond estates baby olympic national park in washington as a whole was so beautiful but i also think this marked the spot where we started to go a little insane so we trapped a hobgoblin inside this tent but before we entered the national park after one whole week of driving we finally got our first glimpse of the pacific don't ocean i think you'll make it out no doubt i think you'll land on your two feet i think you'll figure these things out staying slow you're all you think the worst stuck on my own i'll brand it on the side of your face so we're currently at the ho national forest this looks amazing being in the pacific northwest was a dream come true before this trip i'd always see videos in my feed of people from either washington or oregon and to actually be in the region and get to experience the best that i had to offer was nothing short of amazing after going through olympic national park we decided to head even further west to get the full west coast experience never seen anything like this in my life and i'm saying that to every single thing we see on this trip because i never get out here but this is incredible you know that phrase the calm before the storm well oh my gosh bro if you were to ask any of us before this trip who is the most likely to get hurt or get in some sort of trouble on this trip every single one of us would have said noah the ironic thing is noah is generally the most safe person he takes the most precautions to make sure that nothing happens so i guess his luck is just terrible last year none of us in the group got kovid but noah ended up getting it two times so when the other guys told me that he climbed up the side of a rock face and could not get down and was stuck honestly i wasn't really that surprised noah is currently stuck on the rock face he uh he climbed a bit too high and doesn't know how to get down now i don't know how we're gonna help him holy crap you're actually up pretty high well no you guys i think we should call 9-1-1 i'm not kidding bro i don't know but i just need to get down now all right we're going to figure out how to get him down so after putting together our big brains for about 20 minutes we decided that the best chance of getting noah down safely was to actually call 9-1-1 hi uh we're currently on uh the ryalto beach and one of our friends climbed up the rock face and got stuck um okay hold on a minute hi so one of our friends climbed up the rock face and is stuck uh it needs some assistance yeah so he climbed up and it's uh he's about 30 feet up so apparently since we were on native land the local police weren't able to come assist us so they had to call the national park ranger who was actually two hours out so as you can tell we found ourselves in a bit of a predicament here we either had to wait two hours for a national park ranger to come help us or we were gonna have to find another way to get noah down dude the closest ranger is two hours out if you look at any of these rocks they just totally shatter so anything below his feet is pretty at risk so that's why it's dangerous it may not look too high but you could easily fall can't slide down all how'd you get up it can get up you can get down this kid calls me dumb so while we're waiting for help to arrive we decided to explore the tide pools look at that what is that what wow crikey crikey look at this tell us about this so right here where you go british australian i'm australian i i don't know the difference thankfully noah ended up getting confident enough to slide his way down the rock face and we were able to get him down safely thus concludes the story of why noah's nickname is the climber because we'll never let him live down this moment but with the incident behind us we began the drive down to our tenth state of this trip oregon why don't you talk to me good morning guys we just slept in a walmart parking lot so we just made it to cannon beach i don't know what else to say but we're here two weeks 2 500 miles away from home just a group of guys living their lives to the fullest honestly looking back on it i miss it it was a great time and having these videos to reflect on mean the world to me but as you've learned on this trip moments of peace never last but we eventually made it to our campsite later at night and this was the first time that we experienced the infamous organ rain good morning everyone from beautiful oregon uh yeah it rained last night the situation is not very hot right now at first it was kind of chill it was kind of funny and now it's kind of serious i think the reality is setting in how tough this actually is the weather we got at crater lake was pretty unfortunate considering it was one of the places i was most excited for but i suppose we did our best to end organ off on a high note after a full night of driving we were able to finally enter yosemite national park but before we get into that i want to give you guys some backstory so last year i actually got the opportunity to go on a trip with yes theory and we ended up deciding on going to yosemite the only issue was that the park was closed at the time so this part of the trip did mean a lot more to me in particular i guess it was kind of like me getting redemption for not being able to go in the park last year so we're in yosemite currently and we're going to head into the spot we saw on tiktok in the tunnel i'm getting soaked my camera's getting soaked because shot is insane after a long day we decided to book an airbnb but we quickly realized that there was something a bit off it's haunted this is completely haunted guys it's so hot this place is haunted all right guys we're in this new aaron b airbnb and is absolutely haunted so day two in yosemite getting a late start to the day but last night was hectic we kind of went crazy because it's haunted in there yeah we cleaned out the car everyone's feeling good ready to go so for day two we decided to split up while matt chad and noah did a rigorous hike daniel nick and i decided to take the day off and explore more of what yosemite had to offer and we even came across this really cool cliff jumping spot where someone actually ended up dying in the past year which is kind of creepy but after debating it for a while we decided to give it a go and i'm so glad that we alright so we're currently at a cliff jumping spot it looks so beautiful yo that is insane this is gonna be awesome this is our last day in yosemite i couldn't think of a better way to end it all spirits were high as we ended off the day and we knew that there was only one way that we could celebrate go back up back so you may have noticed but i'm looking very homeless right now let me look at the stash i've never had it hey baby won't you lose to sequoia i need more energy i need more energy all right single tree has a lot more girth i don't care how bad it is it's not the tallest no it's just unnamed we need to find it dan what do you think as we headed out of california we thought it'd be fun to take a pit stop at a casino with dreams of leaving this trip with both memories and a load of cash we decided to test our luck and surprisingly we actually made a successful night of the casino lost like 20 bucks but it's all right we got seven hours to zion now gonna do a hike in the morning non-stop we'll see how it so with empty pockets we headed into zion national park after multiple weeks of being on the road i'd learned a lot i learned how impossible it is to keep a van clean with six guys in it and how uncomfortable sleeping in a walmart parking lot actually was i learned that in and out is basically the same as five guys and the oatmeal every morning does get old after some time but most notably i learned how beautiful this country actually is and how fast time flies when you're with your friends doing the things you love the first day in zion we hiked angel's landing a famously treacherous hike that took us up 6 000 feet and took us the entire day it was difficult but also extremely rewarding at this point we were all truly on top of the world and there was nothing that could possibly bring us down oh my god i knew we weren't on a park here we are currently down bad after our angels landing hike so yeah we ended up getting booted unfortunately and after arguing extensively with the parking lot owner and even getting the cops involved we ended up leaving zion that night with 200 less dollars in our pocket good morning everyone we're hiking the narrows today you what i shaved my nipple hair there's another gallon of water honestly the second day in zion wasn't as eventful as the first so we decided to call an audible and head to lake powell in arizona all right we're headed back now but that was well needed next stop can you land all right so it's currently midnight we're in canyonlands right now and we found a campsite luckily we were driving all day it was pretty good day but really tiring yeah it's it's time to get some rest this place is sweet though basically look great in the middle it's pretty cool it's gonna look great in the morning for sure good morning from the canyonlands it's pretty cool canyonlands was definitely a big turning point for us in this trip we were tired it was hot and to be honest a lot of us just wanted to go home i've been trapped here for 18 days please help me please is anyone out there i have no cell signal i have no water please please a lot of people are feeling the effects of the fatigue people want to go home people want to skip things let's just get just get plane tickets and fly home wants to go home noah wants to go home dan wants to go home we're down back after arguing for literally 30 minutes trying to figure out what we were gonna do we ended up reaching the conclusion that we would attempt to tough out the rest of this trip and further day explore utah and head down to moab to spend the night there so we're currently in a park right now they're having a movie night so there's like 100 people here and we're just stringing up our hammocks here and sleeping right next to them this might be one of the most interesting nights we've had by far in the morning we decided to head to arches which would be our final national park on this trip and then started the drive to colorado where for the final time on this trip we would come across a problem of not knowing where to sleep 150 total and they're like oh it'll be like 30 bucks each of us that's what i thought too it's not no it's 150 each i think and after failing to find a campsite and then failing to get an airbnb we finally had to resort to a hotel all right so we're in the hotel for the night final night on a road trip there's nothing that feels better than this right now it's bad right here it's been so long we're gonna have a good night we're gonna get up in the morning and drive 19 hours home it's been a crazy adventure we're all dying and in the morning after three weeks of being on the road we would finally start our journey back home i love these guys they're my best friends and this trip was the best experience of my life and although we're all splitting up and going on our own paths each and every one of them will always have a special place in my heart there's something so bittersweet about growing up you go from seeing each other every day to once or twice a year and there will never be another moment like this ever again so if you're watching this i urge you to cherish these moments make those memories and to always keep it wholesome thanks for watching all right guys so i'm about to just get everything and pack it up in the van this is the baby that's gotta get us seven thousand miles we have suspicions that chad is like dead we don't know the lyrics it's if you're still watching this video i just wanted to say thank you this project was one of the most difficult things i've ever done in my life it was a tough one and if you watched it through to this point i just wanted to say thank you because it means a lot if you've been keeping up with my content recently you might know that i'm not going back to school this next year which is an extremely scary thing but it also opens up a lot of new opportunities i'll be focusing a lot more on posting long form content such as this and telling these stories and going on these adventures and even with some people you might already know on youtube or other social media platforms so yeah a lot of things are changing it's scary but i just wanted to use this as a moment to say thank you but yeah that's all i wanted to say thank you so much and i'll see you around oh yeah keep it wholesome but i already said that but gonna say it again keep it wholesome

  Top Comments:
  1. @wholesomesimon [1200 likes]: Watch Project Europe (the sequel): https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4LA4uPyQaAk&t=572s

A heartfelt review someone wrote that you should read: https://open.substack.com/pub/learningtobefriends/p/review-a-film-about-friendship?utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web
Full Trip Guide: https://wholesomesimon.sellfy.store/p/the-project-west-trip-guide/
  2. @raider_1942 [1 likes]: This video popped up to me this morning, and after I watched this, nostalgia hit me hard 😂

You boys remind me of my small road trip with my university friends in the same year, back when we were still studying at the university in Beppu, Japan. We took a ride to some places in Aso, Kumamoto. I got car sick on the way back and puked all the way back to my apartment. Despite a horrible car sickness that I got, the trip itself was one of my best university memories that I have.

For those of you who are watching this video and are still in high school or university years,
you should make a memorable road trip with your crew while you can. The memory will stick to your heart for the rest of your life.
  3. @young_talerz2431 [1 likes]: awesome viedo
  4. @ethand5236: The songs all throughout the video added something genuinely special to this trip, genuinely loved this video so much.
  5. @CamVance13: I really wanna know how he’s able to put some of these songs in here without being copyrighted
  6. @ChristophePauwels-m3m: BEST Video I have ever watched... I have to check out the rest of your Videos
  7. @SecretAnimalFunny: Honestly, The breakfast view alone is worth the price. , for sure
  8. @menny4821: Wake up
  9. @HAGIC_OFFICIAL-yh2gv: Thank u for sharing with us this video it was the most beautiful video i have ever seen and it changed my life
  10. @MatthewHowlett: I’m jealous of people who have friends that would want to do this
  11. @aleurzi5323: Arguably top 5 YouTube videos ever
  12. @samgrimes3162: gunna do this with my wife, just wait
  13. @TusalVlogs-b9p: What the name of the song in background on 33:06
  14. @JustaPlayer-f1st: watching this makes me jealous man...
  15. @Pajnet_cz: Dude i am so jealous, we've been talking about this with my friends too, but we have it much harder since we live in the middle of Europe and aren't even close to having enough money for the plane tickets and to rent a van or a car. Let's just say this will be a hard trip to pull off👍
  16. @_Kashton: crazy dad lore
  17. @berriebee07: this is my dream college graduation trip for next year, just time away from it all camping with my friends, exploring and most of all living life to the fullest
  18. @killuaviado: this is literally the plot of final fantasy xv
  19. @stracciatella5: 01:46 - deadpool would not be happy
  20. @KatKHHH: 西遊記 Journey to the West 2.0??

- Making 28 Friends from 28 States of India | Part 2: Kind: captions Language: en A few days ago, I uploaded a video in which I had to make 28 friends from 28 states of India. In today's video I will make a Free Fire friend from each state of India. But unfortunately I could not complete that video. I was able to make friends only from 12 states because right after that my ID got banned. Your account is minded. What the heck? But today I will complete that task and will make 28 friends from 28 states of India. You did n't tell me. So let us see whether this work of ours will be completed today or it will remain incomplete even today. No no alright ji welcome back. Today, after almost one and a half months, you people must be seeing this ID in the video. Now let me tell those new viewers that this is my ID. And it was banned about 1 month ago. It was not permanent. It was temporary and I was very sad about it. Brother, I cried day and night, I cried in the morning , I cried in the evening brother. Now I will not tell you why this happened brother. For that you will have to watch this video. If anyone has not seen it, then brother, please watch it. You will understand everything. But yes, right now we will not waste our time because brother, many people have come to make friends from different states. Only 12 of our states have been completed. So you can do the calculations right now, brother. There are total 28 states and it is very difficult to find a friend from each state. Now look, the main problem is that friends, let's find them somehow. It will take two days, four days and it will be done. But the main problem is that brother, my ID was banned because of this video and now I do not want my ID to be banned again because if it gets banned this time then I too will be permanently banned and I do not want to go into shock again. So we will use a little technique i.e. Ninja technique so that our ID does not get banned. Guys, my ninja technique is very simple. What do you have to do? You do n't have to do this work with your main ID. Fraud is going on. We will not use different IDs for this. And we will go and find friends from them. And when we make friends on that ID, we will tell them that brother, please send a request to this ID of mine. In this way, my work will be completed and the chances of ID getting banned will also reduce. Modi ji brother, we have talked a lot but we have done zero work so far, hence we will not delay it much. Let's go. This guy is working very hard [in music]. Please make this video viral and make it super dapper please. All right. So this is my first ID with which I am going to carry out my work. And you guys can see that it's level two. And brother, look at the name, 28 friends, did you understand? Just let's not slow down now. Let's go. Let's go straight to World Chat. Hello, yes, tell me brother. How are you brother? Excellent. Where are you from brother? I am fine brother. How are you? I am fine brother. Me too, but you tell me about you. [nasal sound] It has a buffalo eye. Do you know friend, this ID means new ID, this is the problem brother. Firstly, the brothers will not be able to see the PC logo. From above you will see that there are one or two levels. So brother, mostly people will think that brother, he is a hacker, let's kick him out. I am not a hacker, friend. I am a very good person brother. Hello, brother. Hello brother, where are you from? From Uttarakhand. Well, Uttarakhand has been formed. I am Raunak Bhai, where are you from? Ansh Bhai, where are you from ? Brother from Bihar. Are you from Bihar? How can luck be so bad? I mean, where are you from Harsh Bhai? Hey brother, you play on PC and you are asking me where are you from brother? I am from Bihar. And brother, I am from Chapra. I am from Chapra district, brother. In which state is Bahu Bhai? I am from Bihar. Brother, I have sent you a request. Please pick it up brother. Yes, I picked it up. picked picked picked picked. Picked it up. Brother, please show me one emote. Hey, there is not a single emote brother. This is a brand new ID. Yes brother, I am playing on PC. You study a lot brother, please gift me something brother. Then the same thing will arise if the person is poor. Hey friend, this is my last try with this ID because brother, either I am getting kicks or I am getting some brother from Bihar and Bihar was completed in my first video itself, so [Music] I need friends from new states. Hello brother hello hello hey Mayur brother how are you? Hey, listen to me first. Yes, say. Brother, do you want to come to the guild, my brother? Hey, leave all that. Tell me where are you from? I am from Gujarat. Really? Was shocked. Hey friend, I have been waiting for you for a long time. Yes. Say okay next. Let me tell you one thing brother. It was a big dream of mine since childhood. Say. He is a very close friend of mine from Gujarat. What, man? Hey, I'm not joking, brother. I am telling the truth. Please reject my friend request. Let me clear my friend list first for two minutes. Hey, hurry up, friend. There is no delay in auspicious work, brother. Come on, come. [laughter] I did it, man. Oh my god, it was fun brother. Brother, your voice sounds familiar to me. No, I don't know anyone brother. But we are meeting for the first time. I feel like I ca n't find your voice anywhere. You're not a YouTuber, bro. Hey, I am there but I am recording my first video today Making a video? Yes, it is recording now. So on which YouTube channel will you upload it brother? Hey, I will create the channel right now. Please suggest me a good name. What should you name yourself, listen to me. I am absolutely fine brother. Meaning, you will become a millionaire just by looking at your name. Keep the gang monster. Game Monster. Oh my god, such a great name brother. So here I keep Mayur Bhai engaged in my talks for some more time. And I even convince my brother that brother, I am shooting my first video. And this video will be released on the channel Game Master mentioned by brother. And at the same time I also ask for help from my brother that brother, will you help me in making friends? So brother does not refuse and joins me in making friends. Hello hello where are you from brother? Hi. Hey hello brother brother turn on the mic hello hello [music] brother turn on the mic everyone come on brother kick it, everything brother it will be as you say here hello bro hey brother turn on the mic hello hello stubborn hello stubborn Mayur brother tried very hard to make my friends but sadly brother no one was turning on the mic and whoever was doing it was not telling where he had come from, so after that this poor brother gets upset and goes away, come on I am going brother, I have to go to school, come on go quickly brother, otherwise PT sir will beat you a lot at the gate, after brother leaves I start asking in the same group that brother where are you from ? But brother, there was a guy in this group who was from a state which I had not covered yet. Brother, do you know Maharashtra? No friend, really brother, will you be my friend? I really need a friend from Maharashtra. Yes, I will become a brother. Hey, then pick up the request and then bye. Yes brother, this is what would have happened if I had killed him. [Music] Allright, Mr. So till now how many of our 13 yes 14 states have been completed which is a good thing and also not because brother I am getting less people from the new states and brothers from Bihar I am getting a lot of people, now but trust me brother till now I have got 20 people from Bihar from which you can tell by commenting that brother the craze for free is very high in Bihar, rest you guys tell me brother which state you are from, now let's see in the comment section which state has the most dominance brother please comment, so friends I have just come with another new ID, for now I will make two-four friends with this ID and after that I will shuffle another ID because I cannot take any risk at all. Not taking any risk at all. If you keep shuffling the IDs, then according to me all the IDs will remain safe. Rest my ID should not be banned, friend. It doesn't matter if it happens to Mayank Bhai. You talk too much. The tune is more popular today. Don't forget my power. What to remember? I am from Bihar. [Music] I'm from UP. We are from Bihar. From Bihar. [Music] Bro from Delhi. Brother, I am hello Mr. Gu brother, hey Gu brother, turn on the mic, friend, smile, where have I got stuck brother, what is going on, I have come here to make friends, friend, I have not come here to listen to love songs, on top of that no one is even turning on the mic, friend, friends, after playing a match with Mr. Gu, I come back and after that I again start going to the world chat, but Sarli brother, I was not able to find anyone from any new state, so then I switched the ID, now we will complete the further journey with this ID. But brother, I am sad that I have changed my third ID and only two of my states have been completed. Brother, it seems difficult. I don't know whether I will be able to complete it today or not. Let's see guys and hope for the best. I am from Bihar brother. I am from UP. Yadav Bhai, where are you from? Karnataka. From where? Karnataka. Who is saying this? God brother, are you talking? Yes, I am speaking brother. Hey brother, please accept my request. Brother, please brother. Do you know why I made you my friend? I had a dream since childhood, friend. One, two, three, that's three, man. What will happen to me brother? I am sitting with just three states brother. Where are you from brother? We brothers are from UP. UP UP UP. Friends, somewhere I had started getting frustrated because I was getting players only from those states which were already covered by me. But somewhere I was also enjoying this journey a lot. Because I was meeting some such players who were taking away all my frustrations. Hello Begi brother. I am poor. I am poor. [laughter] I'm poor. Hey brother, listen up friend. Yes brother, yes. Where are you from? I am from Bihar. Give me a redeem code of Rs 80. Wait a minute. Wait a minute. Do it in the message. 80's 80's. I am poor. Yes, I am writing it. I am writing, right? Look, I have sent it. Waste the copy. Brother, I have sent it brother. Oh yes I have sent it, please check it brother, send the redeem code again, so brother, for these children we are saving trees, water and glaciers, hey legend brother, how are you, keep coming friend, hey, look at me, read my bio, first I have written the bio for this reason, you wrote the bio, one second brother, I am from UP Jhansi, mic on, otherwise go oh my god wow [laughs] PC player hello hello yes brother, say live hey friend player brother hey brother [laughs] live brother, where are you from? Okay, from Chhattisgarh, from Chhattisgarh. Hey, pick up the request. Pick up the request. Yes, very good, very good. I can say two lines of poetry like this. Hey, there are two, friend. You say four, brother. It is your field. Speak as much as you want. Irshad Irshad, when I fell in love, I too was counted among the lovers. Hey, I told her my story and she walked away from there. Then I did my [music] boss woh thodi si galti ho gayi. Sir, it was a small mistake. Do you write it yourself? No. What is this, friend? Why did I listen then I was cheated, that's why I say this. Why did you get cheated? [Song voice] Hey, what should we do if our prisoner is with another prisoner ? Oye hoye hoye means I cheated you, yes I cheated you sister, oh my god wow he is my friend, I want to know he is your friend, yes what are you saying, hey he is not taking me right now, then friend something very wrong happened to you, then what was lacking in me, after teaching me love he parted ways, oh oh oh [ laughs] I did not think, I got angry with everyone, the one who called himself mine in this world, the one who was mine turned out to be unfaithful. Oh my God brother, he cheated me, please accept it friend. Okay, then I'll go, I'll play later. Recite one more and one more and one more and one more. Stop it brother. 10 You told me. I want to tell you one more. After that go away. Ok. I will go myself. That's ok. Say. Get out of my heart. Went there. Go wherever you want to go. Has gone. Quit playing with it. Left it. There is still time to improve. Brother, you have improved. Should I go now? Go away. okay brother. Thank you very much. So with this my four states are covered. Hey, what nonsense am I talking? Yes, so I was saying that currently four of our states have been covered. That means total 16 states. Friends, let's move ahead now because there is a lot of shortage of time. And our journey brother is very long. Brother, I am from Maharashtra. Hey brother, I am from Bihar. Crazy brother, are you also from Bihar? I am also from Bihar brother. Bihar to Bihar. He is from UP. I am from Assam? From Bihar. Bihar brother, all around Bihar Bihar Bihar Bihar Bihar If our challenge was like this, which state makes the most friends brother, no one can defeat Bihar brother, crazy brother, come on, I have just come with another ID because brother, it has been a long time since we have been playing with that ID, so it is necessary to switch, we will continue with this one now, let's go, friend, you are a boy from that guild, which guild brother, I don't remember the name, you must have heard the name UP UP Howrah Rajasthan Jaipur UP [Music] UP MP MP Karnataka bro guys, it has been too much time, it has been almost three-four hours and my brother, whatever, I mean, so few states have been covered. Right now I am thinking that I will have to take help from someone because my work is not going to get completed like this. Let's call someone now and take some help brother. Hello yes how is Jai? I am fine. You tell me friend, I need some help. [sound of crying] Yes, tell me. Here I quickly explain to Jai what work he has to do. What kind of friends to make and which states are still left. After this, Jai goes out to find new friends in World Chat. And I also start going to world chat again. I am Garh brother. I am from Bihar brother. I am from UP brother. I am from Gujarat. Brother, I am from Bihar. My investigation is still going on. Meanwhile I get a message from Jai. Listen, come with your luggage. Yes, I met someone from Punjab. Call, call, call quickly. Wait a second, I'll come with my main ID. Brother is really Yes brother brother [laughs] I am sending the request, friend. Pick it up brother. wait wait wait. Along with this, we have another shade cover which was Punjab. from Bihar from Bihar from I am from Assam from UP from Bihar [Music] brother I am from Rajasthan how are I growing how are you I am fine fine where are you from I am from Bihar from Bhagalpur in Bihar don't you recognize me don't you recognize me that's why I asked you pay attention to yourself Lala what is my situation I have been on the wrong path since the beginning hello brother hello brother hello hello hello hello hello hello hello brother hello brother hello brother where are you from where are you from where are you from where are you from where are you from okay okay okay okay brother bye bye bye depression brother I am from UP brother from UP from UP from UP from UP hello bail brother tell me how big is it oh hey sorry sorry brother revel brother rail rail brother where are you from West [Music] Bengal Jharkhand hello yes I want to find a girl from OSA it's done friend I am talking in a girls voice so that people listen to me who stop talking do one thing I am coming from Mayank's ID and you are from this Tuffsiya wala ID Come on then okay, fine, fine, Sam, can I hear you properly? [laughs] yes, I am hearing it very well, fine, I will send an invite in one chat. [music] Hello Nobita ji, you have come. Hello Nobita ji, nothing will happen by sending a friend request. Come on, nothing will happen like this. [laughs] tell me, tell me, is this stuck? Where are you from? Nobita, I am from West Bengal. Oh, okay, from West Bengal, that is a good thing. I love you. Where are you from? You are from Bengal. Oh, okay, bye bye. [laughs] I am from MP, I am from Madhya Pradesh. Where are you from? I am a girl, boy. I am a girl, right? Hey, are you crazy? Crazy, okay you are calling me crazy. Okay, take my friend request. [Music] Well, no, first tell me where are you from? Tell me this, first accept your friend request and then tell me. Yes, let's pick it up. Please tell. Hello sister. [laughter] yes, say that. I'm from MP [music]. Why? Where are you from? I am from Tripura. Such a conjunction of these eight planets occurs only once in 400 years. Hey hey hello listen listen brother listen hey Murali Murali what is your name Murali Bhai listen [laughs] go play hey yes brother brother I will play friend first pick up the request hello hello brother tell me my request I have sent you a friend request hey Murali Bhai leave that one please pick up mine friend I took that girl's hey thank you thank you brother thank you very much brother hey I want to tell you one thing I am Raja ji yes tell me please who is with me your name is Bhagya I will get it. Will you be my friend? Yes, it will definitely be made [music]. Guys, till now this work was being done only by me and Jai, that is, only two people. But things were not going to work out with just two guys. I needed more collaborators for this. So that's why I add two more guys to my side. Hi. Hey Madhu ji, how are you? It's great. You tell me. I am also good friend. But I need some help. Ok. Here I explain to Madhu everything that she has to do and how she can help me. Ok? Please tell me which states are left. After this I tell Madhu all the details about which states have been completed and which ones are left. Ok. Then get to work. If you find any player, please message me. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. Best of luck. Am I playing ? Yes, yes. Hey Manku Bhai, I need some help from you. What? So let me share the complete details with this brother. And his monkey brothers also agree to help him. Okay, let's find it. Yes, okay, if you find someone, please tell me and Manku Bhai, don't be afraid. Well, you're not alone. There are two more friends with you who are working as labourers like me. This is my life. So friends, I have set the entire fielding now. When I started, I thought that maybe I would finish it alone. But no brother, I had to take help because it took me a lot of time to record. It has been about 6-7 hours. And if I do n't take help, brother, I will go into depression. We are in depression right now, so yes, let's go ahead and help us brother, because brother, there are still 10 states left. And the ones that are left are not easily available because if I talk about North East, then Tripura and Assam are the only two states from where I have found friends. And if I talk about the South, now Telangana has happened, Tamil Nadu has happened and Andhra Pradesh, Goa, all these states are still left. So let's see what happens next. Come on then let's go. Uttar Pradesh Jaipur was going on, friend, as soon as I started going to VR World Chat, I was again getting players from the same state, then I thought why not play a CS rank, this will refresh my mind a bit and who knows, I might get a player from some other state, then I quickly switch the ID and go to play a CS rank, a guy came in our team, hey hello brother, hello brother in front, hello hello hello, the one who is going to Prime is not able to hear it right now, are these people facing a problem here, guys. I could hear my teammates' voices but they couldn't hear mine. But at the same time, I had a doubt about my teammates because there was one brother among them whose way of speaking made me think that he was from South India. I will try to get on the leader board. So my curiosity increased a little more. I had to talk to him. Even after the match was over, when I went to the group, they were not able to hear my voice. Hey brother, RTS hello sound is coming. Hello hello what happened to your voice? They are not able to hear my voice, friend. I ca n't hear my [music] brother. Sh guys after this I will quickly restart and come back. And I go to their group again. But my luck was so bad that I was not able to hear the sound again. Hello hello hello brother Deep brother. Hello, brother. Brother, the voice is not coming again. Hello Mayank. Yes yes yes, can you hear my voice? Yes, I can hear your voice. Ok. Ok. Ok. Ok. This is happening to everyone but it is not happening to them only. After ANDS, I first add them to my friend list and then I invite them to my group. Hello hello say say my voice is coming now the voice is coming yes it is coming hey I am going to your group right then you are not getting the voice from where are you guys from I am from Chennai Tamil Nadu thank God with this I had made friends from 19 states and after this I get a message from Madhu and Mayank and after finishing the match quickly I go straight to their group yes say what were you saying then I kicked you absolutely they are pushing you in CS get used to getting kicked from now on this is the first time someone has kicked you it is a job without pressure after listening to you both I feel like I have given this job to the wrong people you are looking for Jai right now Jai is fully busy in his work oh Jai has changed his voice brother he has come in a girl's voice he is trying very hard [laughs] I am coming wait I will go to Jai hello hello yes Jai something happened I am not able to find people. Hello Nabdi. Hello Hello Hello PC Player Nabdi. Ambani Bhai, where are you from? He was a guy of a different level. He was a guy of a different level. If Danish Bhai were alive here, I would have told them one by one. Yes, that guy was of a different level. That means he was a person of a different level. It is of a different level, of a different level. [screaming sound] That's a different thing, friends, it was just like that for me. I was going in and out of the world chat and I was finding creatures that you guys might have seen. But in the meantime I again get a message from those two useless puppies. And this time, brother, he really found a friend from a new state. Hello Sam brother. Speak up. This is from Andhra Pradesh. From Andhra Pradesh. Hello Itachi. I was talking through messages. Hey brother, don't talk during massage. Open the mic, friend. I did not open the massage. Said through message. Hello Itachi. Where are you from brother? Andhra Pradesh Show Aadhar Card. Aadhar Card Yes Aadhar Card How to tell? Leave it, you said it, I agreed brother. Wait brother, my friend is calling me to play custom. Hey, wait a minute. First accept my request and then go away, his brother. Play it. Give it to me brother, I have sent it. There goes your Itachi. Maharashtra Karnataka. Brother from Prayagraj and Bihar. I am speaking from Bengali. From Gujarat to Maharashtra Gujarat Maharashtra just UP Jain brother where are you from I am from Nagaland please accept my request brother yes accept it come to my team come to my group come to my group I am calling you brother I have found the guy from Nagaland brother crazy crazy come my brother come come come come quickly friend hello brother hello brother tell me Jain brother do you have any friend who is from Sikkim or Manipur please call him friend Sticks brother where are you from Brother, please gift me something. The same thing will happen again. Hey, I will give you a gift, first tell me Hey brother, hey brother, give it as a gift to Chef Bhai. You saw the result of carelessness. Well, at least I met Nagaland. I feel recognized when I hear your voice. I must have seen something. First I hey are you that ? What do you say? I saw what his name was on Instagram, man. The one who says that I can make you a girlfriend but I want a girlfriend whom I am not able to get. These are not my words brother. Did you make a video like this? No no friend, I am feeling it. Oh no brother, I will check it right now, as I am telling you on Instagram, we have been troubled for the last two and a half years. Who did you find? Where did you find it, call me quickly. I have arrived. Hey Charan Bhai, I bow down to you a hundred times. He does n't know Hindi. I don't even know English. It comes. I know a little bit of English. Sharan Bhai how are you? Hello [laughs] I'm fine. Okay brother where are you from? Start it brother. Are you from Telangana? Yes, Telangana. Thank God. [Music] Bro please accept my request. Yes. He is a very nice guy. Thank you so much to both of my friends for helping me. Hey, where can I find a friend like you [music]? Brother is looking for this guy. Please thank him on my behalf. Brother, I am from Bihar. Tell me about yourself, where are you from Where are you from in Bihar bro? In Bihar, from Bihar, brother. Meaning, tell me from which place in Bihar you are. If I said from Bihar, brother, you mean which place inside Bihar? Since when have you been speaking? If you are from Bihar. Hey brother, don't spoil my mind. Meaning, which district are you from ? Tell me the name of the district. Bihar. Which district is Bihar brother? I don't know. Hey, I don't know the name of the district. We only know the name of our village. What is the name of the village? Bihar. [laughter] Okay. We will come and go. Then tell me where will you go and come from? Brother brother brother where are you from? Every child is afraid of Jharkhand. He was a guy of a different level. I am from Kashmir brother. Hey Ajay Bhai, where are you from? I am from the UK. Riya Bhai, where are you from? Riya siblings. Yes Riya sister, where are you from? Depression Chimka is this that hello brother hello hello hello yes hey bro how are you ok hey I had sent these two to find you I have found you see I am talking to Manipur police station if you take a request from Manipur police station then you will not be arrested oh hey brother I am not afraid of arrest my father was a criminal I am also a criminal alright guys. So look, I am very tired now. And till now 23 of our states have been completed. Only five states are left. And these five states are such that it is very difficult to get a player from them. But it is not impossible. So yes, we will cover players from these five states in the next video. Because now five more players will be added. If there is a conversation with him then the video will become very long. So yes, we will complete it in the next part. I know that even today this video is not complete. But we will complete it in the next part. Till then take care and bye-bye. [Music] He was a guy on a different level.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tufsam [148 likes]: Konse State se Dekh rahe ho Video ? 😁
  2. @MuhammadTauseef-b3m [1 likes]: Mera bharat 🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  3. @QueenMehhak [1 likes]: Love from west bengal ❤❤
  4. @DELETE_4-z2g [1 likes]: 10:37  sam bhai apne muke samne se ek tamilnadu wala bandha chala gya 😂😂
  5. @LAPHADAIXXETTRI: new subscriber from Nepal❤ 2:01
  6. @ShivaGautam-v8k: Uttar Pradesh ❤❤
  7. @jagyapriyanath8780: Love from assam 😊
  8. @Tsukihanaarts: Love from karnataka 🫶🏻🎀
  9. @NishantYadav-t5g4y: Bihar
  10. @MinhazRaza-p1k: Bihar se
  11. @Rishma-xb1do: Love from asaam❤
  12. @blackshadoweuni: 14:46 😅
  13. @kapilahmed1594: 14:26 😂😂😂😂
  14. @Zenexaaa: Bachpan Ka Sapna🥀👍
  15. @junaidansari5553: 2549311497 meri ID le lo please😢😢😢😢
  16. @Rk-forever143: 22:33 kannada me baat karlete 😅
  17. @RamkrishnaDhangare: i am from Maharashtra
  18. @fuphhchcjftyjhghhkiifj: Bihari     jalwa hai hamara 😂😂😂😂❤❤🙏😎🤟
  19. @10Day50k: Waste Bangal🎉
  20. @KingWaqas-i2e: Bhai Jan Pakistani is here 😊

- Can I Make 28 Friends from 28 States of India ?: Kind: captions Language: en Guys there are total 28 states and 8 union territories in India. And I don't think there is any state or union territory where Free Fire is not played. So in today's video I will make a Free Fire friend from each state and UT of India. Hey brother, tell me, tell me where are you from. You won't do it. I am as proud as the YouTuber is. But friends, this is not going to be so easy because now you think for yourself that making a friend from every state, that too by searching for them in the game, is very difficult. Make sure to watch the video till the end because in the middle of this journey, Garena gives me a gift which I did not expect at all. Your account is what the hack? Alright guys welcome back. So look, now you people must have understood what I am going to do. But yes, a question is coming to my mind that how will I find so many friends from every corner of India? I want to see every corner of the world. It will take my whole life to do all this. But no problem, now that the guys have entered the field, something will have to be done. Now first of all let us do one thing that we make some space in our friend list so that we do not face any problem while making friends later. Not much, I am deleting just 510 friends who have been offline for a long time. Guys, I didn't want to do it but I have to do it. Another name for compulsion is tough. Alright, our work is done. Right now I have some space. Now I will have to start my work. My motive is that I need friends from 28 states. Ok? So I will find some people from my friend list only. Right now not many people are online but we will find out from those who come and go. And yes, it will become a little easier for you. But guys, as per my calculations, I will have friends from maximum five to six states. It does n't mean more than that. Let's see what happens next. Brother, where should we start? With whom? Come on son Monkey, come. Will he come? Hello Monkey brother. How are we doing, sir? Sir, I am fine. How are you? I am fine too. Brother, tell me where are you from? I am from Sagar, Madhya Pradesh. Madhya Pradesh Sagar? Yes, yes. Well, that's all fine, but where do you live ? You don't come to the game these days. I went to a wedding. I mean I came home for the wedding. Whose wedding? It was the marriage of my maternal uncle's son, not my maternal uncle's son. So brother, what was your need there? I went just like that. My son achieved success on his own. So guys, our first friend is from Madhya Pradesh and apart from this, there are still 27 states left and we keep the UTs separate. Otherwise, let's go to someone else. Let's go. Deeppu ji is sitting online. Come Deepu Bhai, come. Hello Deepu ji. Hey brother, I forgot where you are from? Panipat, Haryana. Okay, okay, thank you very much brother. I'll leave now. That's all the information I needed. What is their problem? With this, the guys have covered two of their states. Apart from this, how many are left now? How many? How many? 26 states. Brother, it is too much. I don't know how it will happen. But come on guys, let's go to world chat now because not many people are online in the friend list, right? Let's go, from here we will definitely find one or two brothers, friend, what is happening, I am not able to join, I am running away from each other, come with me, let's call someone from the friend list, then I will restart and then go to world chat, yes sir, Teli brother, how are you, fine, how are you brother, why I am fine, I am also fine, my brother, but tell me one thing, where are you from, brother, I am from UP, really, where did your friend go, that other one? It has come, it has come. Mafia ji, how are you? I met you after a long time, friend. Friend, I could not recognize him a little. Hey friend, what is this brother? Come on, no one will recognize you someday. Leave all this but tell me where are you from? Brother is from Delhi. From Delhi? Hey friend, I invited you yesterday. Two guys were asking for customs. Hey brother, I play custom games less because I don't know how to play. Oh no friend, okay. Hey, I'm not joking, friend. I am telling the truth. I'm just good at talking. Guys, with this we have covered three states and one UT. You all must be aware that Delhi is a Union Territory. Right now, you guys might be feeling a little easy. But friends, it is going to be difficult from here onwards because these people were already in our friend list. Let's call him now. Hey Ego ji, how are you? What is going on brother? What happened brother? How are you? I am asking this. Ok. You tell me how are you? You just asked, it's good, brother. That's ok. Killer brother, I needed some help from you. Yes, speak, speak. What do you do, do you need help? I need help, where are you from? Brother, we are from Bihar. And Neo brother, where are you from? Where are you from? Where are you from? I am from. Hey, just say state brother. UP. Well, you are from UP. Ok. Ok. Lakhan Bhai, where are you from? I am from Jharkhand. Which state are you from, my brother? Hey, the state said Jharkhand. Okay Jharkhand said brother, I don't know what I heard. No. Okay Lakhan Bhai, will you be my friend in the game? Yes, you send the request. Hey friend, it was fun. I, Jagan Bhai, Jagan Bhai, I also sent my respect. I also picked it up. Brother, please respect this too. So till now guys, in this Bharat Jodo Yatra of ours, that is, Bharat Jodo Yatra, whatever it is, five states have been covered in which one of them is Lakhan Bhai, who we just met, he is the first person in our friend list, the rest were already in the friend list, let's move ahead, let's go, hello, yes brother, friend, I have 20 people playing PC, I think they play on PC, friend, 20 people are coming, sit quietly, okay listen, listen brother, friend, listen brother, your brother, your voice is very lovely brother, voice is very lovely, please accept the request. Hey brother, thank you very much but listen to me. Yes, say. But yes, first tell me where are you guys from? Rajasthan Sikar Are you both from Rajasthan? Yes, Rajasthan. Okay brother, please accept the request. Hey guys, what are you doing? I am sending it to you myself, friend. No, it is not happening. You sent me a request. Hey friend, just don't make me cry. Will you bring the bus? Brother, tell me what is the name of your YouTube channel ? YouTube Channel: Okay, I will tell you, but first let me sing a song in your melodious voice. The boys will cry after hearing how lovely the heart is. I do n't fall in love again. Yo Honey Singh, please give me an emote. I will give you 10 emotes. I have 1 lakh diamonds. But first sing me one more song. Hey, sing a little louder, friend. I am leaving, otherwise I will have to forget it. Hey wow wow wow wow, you sing so well brother. Hey brother, you are the guild leader of your guild. If you want to come, then come. The doors of my guild are always open for you. When you sang the song for me, guys, these two kids were saying that they wanted to join the guild and yes, they immediately changed their names. So I took the guild along with them. And yes, both of them were from Rajasthan, which meant that I covered one more state. Guys, everything is going well so far. But friend, I have not yet met anyone from the North or the South or even from the North East. But come on, no problem, let's go. Will rank play? Yes yes yes no brother I will not play. It wo n't start with me, friend. What happened brother? You are at the same rank. I understand that we don't know how to play. Oh no no, you are more pro than me but mine will not start, there is some problem with the PC lobby. Ok ok bro request request rah we will play later request give. Yes, that's fine but first tell me Assam Why are you from Assam? You think about your own death. My home is in Assam, I will stay in Assam. Ok. very nice. Look, I have sent you the request. Ok. Yes, okay. okay brother. Ok. okay brother. Ok. Guy was talking about the North East. And look brother, yes, I found a person from North East also. Guys, everything was going well till here. I keep coming and going in the world chat. I meet new people. But now I started facing a problem. Mostly the people I was meeting were from the same statuses that I had already met. From Bihar Bihar I am from Assam. Bihari from Bihar but I keep trying again because I had no other option. I am not able to understand anything. Coming back, friend, means no player from a new state is coming. Everyone coming back is from the same states that I have already made friends with. How will things work like this? Hello brothers, how are you? Very good. Where are all my brothers from? Where are you from brother? I am from Tamil Nadu. Are you rusty brother? What are you talking about brother? I look like a star to you. So play a game with us. Oh no friend, leave all that. Where are you all from? I have already told you. All three are from West Bengal. Yes, all three are from West Bengal. You know, since childhood it was my dream to have friends from West Bengal. When did this happen? Billwar Bhai, you seem like a nice guy. I am sending you a request. Please accept it. Hey why brother? Say storm. Hey, I will take everyone away. I can see the storm in you. Ok. Okay, okay, whoever among you three takes my correct name, brother, I will give him 1000 diamonds right now, right now. You, you brother. All three of them hugged me brother. Gave a hug. Make what is written. Now look brother, your name is Arx. Isn't it ? Yes. So if I say socks, it will do. No, now Believer brother, your name is Believer, so if I say kidney and liver, it will not work and Jordan brother, your name is Jordan, so if I say shoe, it will work, what is your name, Bal Murgan Nag Rajan, say Raja Murgan, hey brother, it is tough, friend, read it carefully, see it, friend, okay, I am leaving now, you guys play who is the YouTuber, I am as proud as the YouTuber is. You come here. Hey, by the way, you should n't be proud, my brother. But it is for a guy like you. What have I done, brother? I am talking to everyone with so much love. Did I say anything to anyone? Hey, take it then, take my deal. Hey friend, give me two brothers. Very nice brother. Look brother, I am sending you the request myself. Brother, you are a good fellow. Send it to me. No, you are arrogant, my brother. Darling. So guys, with this I had friends from eight states. And then I don't go into world chat. I'm going to play a lone wolf and that too in Doo so that I can find a friend from another seat here. Hey brother, tell me, tell me where are you from. What will you do after knowing? Hey friend, I will not do anything knowingly. Who knows, you might be right next to me. You must be from the vicinity. I am from Bihar. In Guys Loan WF also we find a brother who is from Bihar. And I already had a friend from Bihar, so I could not make him my friend. After this I plan to play a CS rank. And as I start CS rank, here I find a brother, he is made of some mother, not someone who loves me, whatever, because he is busy singing songs and after some time I come to know that a hacker had come in this game and that hacker was also in our team, brother, have you brought him with me, I did not bring him with me, brother, I do not play with hackers, so what is this scene, brother, has he come randomly, must he have brought TS Titan, someone else must have brought him, hey Titan brother, what friend, why are you playing with hacker walker, friend, that is the same from CS, I do not get any friend from a new state. But then I go back to world chat. Brother, where are you from UK UK dude. You have come at the right time, brother. You know, it was my dream since childhood to have a friend from Uttarakhand. Do you feel any shame after doing all this? Brother, I am in Uttarakhand. Please fulfill my childhood dream today. I am sending you a request. Definitely, definitely. These guys are playing it right. Killer brother, where are you from? This is my Murshidabad. Murshidabad UP Murshidabad and Murshidabad hey, this state is in UP only, tell me brother, tell me the state, Dhulian Dhulian state, tell me brother, which state is your state, it is in UP only, hey wait Dada, let me ask brother, which state is yours, my Murshidabad Murshidabad hey crazy, hey, you are asking where are you from, where do you live, home, if you do n't know the state then tell me the district. This is Murshidabad. Murshidabad district is Murshidabad. Yes. It will happen in UP. Where is this? Uttar Pradesh is in UP only. What? Are you from Uttar Pradesh? Killer, what is your age? What is Edge? How old are you? Not there. It is three months. What three months ? It is three months. Three months, three months. Are you three months old? How old are you? 13 18 13 13 13 years old 13 a few moments later where are you from brother yes from Orissa Orissa Orissa really brother brother I had a work friend tell me what work I had a dream since childhood that I should have a friend from Orissa childhood is not a dream for these people brother don't lie hey my childhood is still going on I just had a dream yesterday yes how old are you tell me brother I am 13 years old rascal brother that's why talk from here whenever I get angry I will tell the truth brother. Okay, okay, don't get angry, don't get angry. Listen to me, first take up my request. Why do these girls meow meow brother? Hey brother, girls like cats very much. If you do n't like cats, then girls are cats. Do you know how I saw them fighting? Dogs fighting people and tell me the truth your name is Mau. I have named you Mau at home. Hey, what would your family members call you? Meow meow. Mu not Miya, okay Miya, why did you write Mu, you should have written Miya so much, oh this Miya Bua is nothing, he is a boy brother, I can write it, no, he is a girl, he is a girl, I am writing it, if it is a girl then tell me, place a bet, he is a girl, I can write it, no, he is a girl, place a bet, I have experience of the game, I am writing it, oh please open the mic, she will not open it brother, she will not open the mic, I told you that you have a friend from Andhra Pradesh, after seeing the border in the game, who do you think the friend is, brother, God, look, oh no, that was my dream since childhood, that I have a friend from Andhra Pradesh, so this is something amazing brother, you bastard, it was a childhood dream, guys, till now, I have been making videos for so long and till now I have covered only 10 states. Apart from this, I still have 18 states left and as I had assumed, I am going to have a lot of problems in the North East states and the states in the South because it is quite difficult for the players from there to match-make with us. Now let's see guys how much time it takes. But let's try it. Guys after this I go play another CS thinking who knows I might actually find a friend from a new state. And guess what? A player comes into my game from a state I had n't thought of at all. Hey brother, where are you from? Hello brother, I was also going to ask the same thing. Where are you from Brother, will you play the next match in a single B batch player match? Yes, I will do that but tell me where are you from ? India India India Kerala Kerala really oh my god will you be my friend in the game ok can I friend request guys I never thought that in this match I will get a guy from Kerala but never mind after this let's send him a request etc just accept it are you PC player or I play in PC is Mr Baba also a PC player Mr Baba oh is Mr Baba your friend or my friend ok so are you both from Kerala or ya ya ya ya ok ok ya nice we will play together again after this match ok ok ok I will invite you to my team ok ok thank you so guys after this we play this match completely and in the middle of the match this brother who was from Kerala tells me that after this match we will do match making with a Vogue YouTuber and he was saying this with a lot of surety so I thought who knows it might really happen but yes before this for me This was to get him in my friend list so that I do not face any problem later. Alright guys, I had fun with this brother but yes, it is a little difficult to communicate with him. Isn't it ? Rest of us should quickly call him and make him our friend before these people run away. Hello, brother. Hello yes brother ok ok bro I am sending friend request. Accept it. OK OK accepted. In match after the match we will match make. Oh so we are going to match make with him or ya or ya or teammates in this game are my friends are you sure that our match making will be with him only or ya and don't match don't cancel click don't cancel ok ok ok ok yes ok ok so guys here our match starts but our match making does not happen with that YouTuber instead our match making happens with a hacker and this was the same hacker who had come to my team in the previous CS rank. Would that be sung? Hey, who is this? Hey brother hacker hacker. Guys, in this match the hacker had come in front of us and anyway the brother from Kerala had already become my friend and with this we had made friends from total 10 states in our game. So after this I don't go to world chat. I thought why not go to a new place. I go to Social Island and start sending friend requests to a lot of people there. And who else will be my friend? Hey Tangat Bhai, here you go friend, you become my friend, I will send a request to Tangat Bhai, but this is a girl, no problem, and who is this brother who listens to Krish Krish songs, is he not, no, is there anyone else brother, why are you standing like this, are you new in the market, okay, I have sent it to you right now guys, let's exit, let's see how many people have picked up my request, lost, hey, this guy was on social, hello brother, hello hello brother, hello brother, how are you brother, I am fine brother. Where are you from brother? Hey, I was going to ask the same thing. Where are you from? Brother, I am from Jammu. Brother, do you know? Do you know? Can I tell you one thing? Tell me brother. It was my dream since childhood to have a friend from Jammu. Why brother? Hey, I mean, it's a good place like this, that's why and you have also come in my friend list, friend. Will you play games? I will definitely play the game, friend. You are such a nice fellow to be with. Are? Made it custom, played it custom, come on make it friend, you are saying it with so much love brother, but you should play seriously, simple brother, let me tell you one thing first, do not expect much from me that I will jump and hit a lot, I do not know how to play simple brother, do not say like this, you are not like that brother, I am telling the truth, you must be joking, but I am not that good at normal, anyway I will try to play well brother, come on brother, finally we have found a guy from Jammu and now friend, he has said it with so much love, so we will have to play brother, okay, let's play son, come down. Easy Game was a guy of a different level. Guys the match is over and the result is in front of you. But after the match, Na Bhai's Dynamic Duo comes into the group. And I suddenly ask, brother, No, he is from Himachal. Then my friend brother will also have to make friends. Rajput brothers listen. Hello hello, I had a dream since childhood. That I don't have any good friend from Himachal. No one, no one will become friends, what is there in becoming friends? Look brother, I have sent the request, please accept it. I have done it brother, I have accepted it. A different fraud is going on. Many thanks to both the brothers. I am leaving now, we will meet again soon. Ok brother. After adding Jammu and Himachal, I now had a total of 11 states and two union territories. We had become friends. After this I join random custom for two days. But I was being kicked out of there again and again. So I custom make my own. And when the players are full then I start it. But here comes a twist, guys, something happens to me which neither you nor I would have thought. I am from West Bengal. Okay, how many numbers are you talking about? number three. Your account is band. What the Hack? Network error. Hey friend, what is this brother? The system has detected abnormal activities in your account. Your account has been temporarily suspended. Hey friend, what happened? How did this happen? And why did it happen? Guys, I am on a break for 29 days brother. What should I say about this now? But come on, it's okay guys. It was 29 days ago. Your ID will open again after 29 days. I am saddened by the fact that brother, I play absolutely fair. Isn't it ? I don't have any emulators like older versions or games from third parties, I use all my official stuff. And hacks and panels are a distant thing. But still my ID got banned. Now I don't know why it was banned. Maybe that hacker came to my team. So because of that, but what was my fault in that brother? That was random match making. Sorry guys, for now I cannot continue the video because I have made all the friends etc. in this ID. You people might be finding this map incomplete. But no problem, we will complete it in part two. If you have n't liked the video yet, please do so. If you are new to the channel, please subscribe. And yes, please comment as well. What happened to me? If you understand anything then please tell me. See you in another new video. Bye-bye till then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tufsam [262 likes]: Abhi tak te video konse state tak pohcha ? 🫶🏻😂
  2. @Time_Evox [1 likes]: Main tumhare game mein hacker aaya tha isliye band Ho Gaya tumhara ID
  3. @NomanKhan-v3z2m [1 likes]: Has has ke halat kharab ho gya 😅😊
  4. @Triggeredshifa-14: Bhaiyaa Mera na bachpan se ek Sapna tha ki Mera Ek friend ho Jo mars se ho 😭🙂
  5. @ALOOK85: 6:32 yo yo Johnny Singh 😂😂😂
  6. @purpleorchiiid: 3:40 😂
  7. @MusaddaqShahzadMusaddaqShahzad: Id ban lol
  8. @Steve_0909-g6h: What the heck did happen to Ladakh?
  9. @NijoraGogoi-k4n: Assam
  10. @Muhammadahamd-t4e: 16:53😂 oooo 😂
  11. @NomanKhan-v3z2m: Gild me loge bro 10749550127😢
  12. @Lucas-321-c5t: Meira bhi aeise hi ban huaa bhaiya😢
  13. @dhirubhai047: 2:32  yha se to me hu
  14. @Dark-side-f3p: 21:13 😅😂
  15. @ImGogoi: Mera bhi same yrr....Account 30 days ke liye ban ho gaya bina reason ka 😭
  16. @pavanambhore7615: Koi scripted nahi bolega 😂
  17. @madhavrathi5921: 21:08 ff ke rule ke hisab se aap kisi se unka state city nhi phuch skte isliye aesha hua hai apke sath ff mai illegal mana jata h 😶
  18. @Tanuxplayz: Iam from 36garhh ! 💗😗
  19. @itz_azel07: Bro Mere friend ban Jao mai northeast.. mizoram se hu
  20. @5rish_vloging: Kyu ki Tum rules tod Rahe the bachpan ke sapne hai bol ke 😅😅😅

- TWO AMERICANS IN UNITED STATES BEING WATCHED FOR DEADLY VIRUS: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody, it's Don and I hope you're having a fantastic day. Well, more people have been evacuated from the ship that came down with the Havana virus. Also, two Americans are now being watched in Georgia. So, yeah, the contact tracing on this event is going to be crazy. Next, we also have the Bahamas is letting everybody know and the cruise lines are letting everybody know on May the 12th, there won't be any alcohol served at any destination in the Bahamas, including Private Islands. And I'll let you know why. And also, we have an update on the tram in Juno H, as it's still closed and it looks like it's going to be closed for a little while longer. Today's video is brought to you by Private Internet Access. Well, I just announced to you the other day that uh Carnival, there is a group out there that has threatened that they said they've stolen over 1.7 million records from Carnival Cruise Line. And then I see reports of different people online saying, "Yeah, they got my records. They got my records." And they haven't got my records. And one of the reasons they don't have my records, I'm pretty much assuming, is everything I do, I have a VPN running. I have my VPN running whenever I'm on my computer, whenever I'm on my phone, whenever I'm in a foreign country because it hides your IP address. It makes it look like you're in a completely different country. It hides your personal information from those looking to do bad things to your account, like steal your money, get into your credit cards, open loans in your name, etc. The VPN protects your information. You should always have it running. Now, why did I choose Private Internet Access for my VPN? Well, for one thing, they have unlimited devices, which means I can do my phone. I could do my office computer, my travel computer, the computer in my bedroom, the computer downstairs in my studio. I can do all of my devices under the exact same plan. And they have a no log policy, which means they're not storing my personal information in case somebody hacks into them. They don't have my information to steal. And that's exactly what I want out there from anybody I'm signing up to do, especially something that's trying to protect my information. So, if you'd like to give Private Internet Access a try, why not click my link down below or the QR code up here and get up to 83% off your subscription plus 4 months free. I'm certainly glad I use Private Internet Access and I'm sure you will be too. So, an update on the ship that has the Havana virus on board, the rat virus, if you will. They just evacuated three more people to hospital to get them off the ship. They are they are the ones that are definitely showing signs of possibly having this virus. So, they need to get them off the ship so it doesn't spread anymore on the ship. Another passenger is under watch while being on the ship as of right now. And they are doing contact tracing for everybody who's already left the ship. And that includes now two Americans from Georgia who are as of now not showing any signs or symptoms. But remember this can take up to 8 weeks to show up the incubation period of this virus. So they're closely monitoring them and of course advising them not to, you know, go into public places and to or wear a mask when they're walking around and be careful of your own family members and watch what you're doing uh around other people. It's kind of reminiscent of when CO first started, right? And now what's really freaky to me is that we have a cruise ship with over aund and some people on it and they're still on the ship and there's the known virus on the ship and they are investigating the ship. Where did this virus come from? Argentina is doing a big search and contact tracing trying to figure out where it came from. But these folks are still stuck on this ship. And remember when COVID first hit, we had the Diamond Princess that had people stuck on the ship and what the catastrophe that that ended up being because we kept everybody on the ship and it just spread like wildfire. I'm hoping that's not the case with this ship because like I said, it has a 50% mortality rate. But the good news is they have the evacuated those other passengers and they are now getting ready to sail to the Canary Islands in Spain where they have been given permission to dock etc. And we'll get more help there and hopefully get those people home and uh get off that ship. It's turned into a very scary extended vacation for a lot of people. And remember, a lot of these people are over 70 years old, 65 years old. They probably have less immune system than a lot of people. It's uh it's not fun, but uh they're trying to do their best. It's just so reminiscent of what happened with CO, right? When people are stuck on a ship. Next, let's talk about what's happening on May the 12th in the Bahamas. Well, it's election day in the Bahamas, so there is no alcohol allowed being served at any of the restaurants or the bars or anywhere in the Bahamas. And Royal Caribbean has confirmed that confir, you know, that includes Nassau, which is the Royal Beach Club. They won't be able to serve alcohol there that day. And Perfect Day at Coco K is in the Bahamas as well. No alcohol allowed being served on May the 12th neither. So if you're heading to the Bamas on any cruise line during that time, you're probably not going to be allowed to get any alcohol unless maybe still on the ship. Still on the ship, you can probably get it. I don't even know if you know when you get off the ship and they have the duty-free shops, etc. I don't even know if they'll be allowed to sell you alcohol in there because technically they're not allowed to sell alcohol. Curious. I'm I'm I I'm actually going to watch for this on May the 12th to see what happens in that situation. And finally, let's do a quick update on the tram in Juno. It came into the station way too hard, knocked everybody to the ground on the floor. One person actually knocked unconscious. two people sent to hospital for minor injuries. They're they're all out now. Everybody's okay. It was nothing permanent, nothing damaged, etc. So, that's the good news. But, they closed the tram to find out what the heck happened, right? And uh it looks like it's going to be staying closed for a little while longer now. It looks like it's going to be staying closed until at least May the 24th, which I believe is 2 weeks, a Sunday. So, just over two weeks from now. So, anybody going there right now? By the way, in case you're wondering, how many ships will be visiting between now and then in Juno, it looks like it's over 80 ships. Over 80 ships. That's a lot of people who would have been booking those tram tours, etc. The good news is the cruise lines obviously are saying, "Don't worry, we are refunding all your money." and tour operators who are on the land who sell that also say that if you booked it online through them, they will refund you the money as well. So, they're they're holding up their end. But that's again one thing less to do in Juno. Luckily, there's a lot to do. You can go out to Nugget Falls, you can go whale watching. There's a ton of things to do in Juno. Just can't take the tram up for some scenic views. Let me know in the comments down below. What do you guys think? How would how would you like to be the neighbor of two people who got off that ship in Georgia and find out, hey, uh, they were just on that ship and now they're being watched for this deadly rat virus. Make me a little uncomfortable, especially in my health conditions as well. Let me know in the comments down below how you'd feel. And until next time, I hope you appreciate this video. If you did, please give it a thumbs up. Want to see more tips, more tricks, more travel blogs from around the world? Hit that subscribe button. Until next time, have yourself a safe and a great vacation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @andycat109 [4 likes]: OMG not Havana virus it's hantavirus
  2. @asavage1917 [4 likes]: Ha-Van-Ta?????? Havanna??????
  3. @alwaysaprilsmom2060 [4 likes]: Unfortunately, those people took a PLANE into the USA. They have been among many people.
  4. @jjhowey [3 likes]: Lol No, the VPN (ad) has 300% nothing to do with the fact a Carnival data leak has not impacted you yet.
  5. @CruiseDude1 [3 likes]: The Maritime Grim Reaper Returns with misery, death, and other daily negative Cruise News!|😢
  6. @Donsfamilyvacations [2 likes]: By clicking my link https://www.piavpn.com/Dons get 83% discount on Private Internet Access! That's just $2.03 a month, and also get 4 extra months completely for free!
  7. @guachatierna [2 likes]: This is going to spread!!! beware, Don. Please Don't cruise right now. You are very vulnerable.
  8. @Deb12572002 [2 likes]: I adore you But it is pronounced Han-ta-virus!!!
  9. @Useyourthirdresource [2 likes]: Are people ignoring this and still rushing to pay for a cruise. Are they still thinking it will not happen to me, only happen to other passengers. 🤔
  10. @lindajohnson. [2 likes]: Don, you need to wear a mask, you are very vulnerable right now. 😮. Don’t take any chances.😮😮😮
  11. @CPO-Snarky [1 likes]: I would rather sail through a minefield than be on a ship full of alcoholics who can’t get a drink for most of a day.
  12. @theresaburek1460 [1 likes]: Tram crash. Nope, better safe than sorry.
  13. @sandymackendrick6135 [1 likes]: Find out if they will serve alcohol on the ships that are in port in the Bahamas that day
  14. @TeamRay0421: I have to see what park of Georgia they're from. We live here now too
  15. @learntechwithruth2147: Hantavirus is the next horror show. Maybe you should stay clear of cruising while on chemo.
  16. @davidsanders5063: Don it is not ha van ta virus. It is just Han ta virus
  17. @BobGreen-x8m: WHO is not trustworthy. Why aren’t close contacted being quarantined? Didn’t we learn anything from Covid? Only a little over 100 passengers on this ship and maybe 7% already contracted virus and 3 poor souls already died. If this was a ship of 3000 passengers that % would equate to over 200 infected passengers. Passengers already disembarked should be quarantined. Just read that a stewardess on flight with symptomatic passenger has been hospitalized?
  18. @alwaysaprilsmom2060: AI says this virus requires intimate proximity. And yet: https://youtu.be/1f9hLUstwZ4?si=XLPEk9tzSqJ-Seby
What kind of intimate contact did a flight attendant have? 🤔🧐
  19. @preastbaytarrot: ❤❤❤
  20. @lindaeastment4542: Hi Don, I hope everyone concerned with the virus will be ok 🤞 but it does seem to be spreading very quickly 🫣    & as for the tram situation it is better it stays closed to get the problem sorted out       All the best Lin

- Working parents find work/life balance increasingly difficult | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en okay it's a juggle every working parent can relate to including this reporter getting children ready before getting to work we know that half of working mothers find it incredibly stressful balancing work and family and a third of all immense at the same that stress is taking its toll two-thirds of those surveyed say they don't have enough time to take care of their own physical and mental health we're trying to do a hundred percent of you know our work life and/or our work responsibilities and get that right but equally a hundred percent giving it to family part time worker melanie Puglisi got up almost two hours before everyone else this morning to get some me time I get up at five o'clock in the morning I go to the gym just to scoop up an hour for myself and that usually sets me up for today and it's making me quite happy is good for my physical but as well for my mental health on Monday Sydnee mom of two Rowenna walker works as a full-time executive she achieves work-life balance through a flexible work arrangement as well as live-in help that allows me to be able to get to do the things with my kids that I really want to do i do feel privileged that i've got an employer that is very sympathetic flexible working one in four working parents and carers surveyed say they're thinking of leaving their jobs in the next twelve months because they're not able to make the juggle work and that's led to calls for employers to do more we're calling on workplaces to reevaluate their flexible working and paid parental leave approach Rowenna walker agrees and says flexible conditions make for a more productive workplace

- Bachelor detective trades single life for family life: Kind: captions Language: en we end tonight with the detective who didn't have a clue what was missing until he found it here's Steve Hartman on the road generally speaking if you're a kid growing up in Pittsburgh like Jessie and Josh Lyle the last place you ever want to be is in a courtroom across the table from detective Jack book hadith book is a by-the-book no-nonsense chew em up spit him out 22-year veteran of the force outside of work he's a committed bachelor a man's man who would never so much as led of Adalia see his soft side for fun he hits people and volunteers at the Steel City boxing gym cleff teaching the sport to underprivileged kids mostly kids are coming this to him our street kids I'm not gonna hurt you many of them have been born into poverty kids like Jessie and his older brother Josh long before their date in court Jack had been working with them carnahan you really like these kids and knew the feeling was mutual turnout Hannah so when they just stopped showing up at the gym one day Jack went out and found them and he was asking me about it and then I just cried what Jack didn't know what no one knew till that moment was just how bad these kids had it they were in a foster home with foster parents who Jack says were extremely abusive and neglectful they have had it as worse as any other kid that's ever lived in the city of Pittsburgh living conditions wise really and that's just I had enough of it so Jack Nook took matters into his own hands cashed in some favors and got the kids placed in a new home you want someone else to his for Jack it's been quite an adjustment I'm in here trying to learn my culinary skills brother but I get the sense that you really loved this yeah yes it's awesome it's the best thing I ever did in my life at least it was the best thing until the day he went to court and did one better they'll be successful adopted the boys come on Gus and made a bucks your mark right yeah happy after this story first aired in 2014 we got a lot of email a surprising amount from women who wanted to meet this guy so did you email us are you one of those no no Mary says she saw the story but she met him in a bar did you go to the bar because you knew he'd be there yes they were married last summer she came with three of her own so now Jack and the boys are part of a Brady Bunch a family none of them could have ever imagined just a few years ago Jack especially I thought being single was fun cuz you don't have no responsibilities but when you're single you don't realize what you're missing I'm glad I let her break through that barrier and take me away from that life sounds like it wasn't just the boys who were rescued Steve Hartman on the road in Pittsburgh and you can see more of Steve Hartman's favorite stories from his on the road series starting right after our broadcast on our digital network cbsn at CBS news.com and that is the CBS Evening News for tonight for Scott Pelley I'm Jim Axelrod of New York and for all of us here at CBS News Merry Christmas and good night

  Top Comments:
  1. @jimg1787 [3 likes]: I think my screen is coated with onion juice.
  2. @keepitsimple2593 [2 likes]: I hope someone also looked into the previous Foster family and took their license away. It's awesome that these kids are in a different home now but the old foster parents need to be looked into also if they haven't been.
  3. @cobbysparks9891 [1 likes]: I didn’t see that ending coming. Thanks be to God. 🙏🏾
  4. @bucamarie [1 likes]: 💟
  5. @jennifermarcum2231 [1 likes]: Another great story
  6. @marialjc9301 [1 likes]: I soooo love this story. Sooo full of love❤❤❤
  7. @marvinrosenthal6158 [1 likes]: Thank you, G-d.

You have an incredible way of being wonderful, sometimes.
  8. @michaeljj43: hey foster care...BE RESPONSIBLE AND KEEP CHECKING UP ON THESE KIDS.  i don't care how full your roster is.  THEY ARE YOUR RESPONSIBILITY.
  9. @sisaye_1743: The jump from 2:46-2:47 is gold
  10. @nsav8: This story leaves me wanting more.  We need a follow up, Steve!
  11. @bnln1939: Awesome!
  12. @alanamosheim-7705: This is angels in the outfield!!😊
  13. @chayofire9202: Lovely story…
  14. @scottjames2966: Sorry
  15. @carlophillips7090: When I see videos of people crying "white privilege" i want them to see these kind of stories.
  16. @battlejack1863: “I love it when a plan comes together” -John “Hannibal” Smith -
  17. @Ederflores909: Bro got kids and a milf
  18. @marialjc9301: ❤❤❤
  19. @wafam.4597: Please tell me there’s a movie made of their story 😢😢😢
  20. @ELEKTRA_LUXXX: They really do look like him tho! 😊😊

- How to File Taxes in Two States (Easy Method): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to Not Milk Never Milk. Subscribe if you're lactose intolerant. In this video, I will explain how to file taxes in two states using an easy method. Many people live in one state but work in another, making tax season a bit more complex. We will cover understanding your residency, identifying your doicile, and navigating non-resident filing. Our goal is to help you avoid double taxation and ensure a smooth process, saving you time and potential headaches. Let's simplify this often confusing topic together. First, it is crucial to understand your residency status. Your doicile is your true home, the place you always intend to return to, even if you are temporarily away. A non-resident, on the other hand, earns income in a state where they do not permanently reside. Some states have specific rules like considering you a resident if you spend more than 183 days within their borders. Knowing these definitions is your first step. Once you have clarified your residency, the filing process becomes clearer. You should generally file your non-resident state tax return first. This return reports only the income earned within that specific state. After that, you will file your resident state tax return, reporting all of your income, regardless of where it was earned. Crucially, you will then claim a tax credit on your resident return for the taxes you paid to the non-resident state, preventing double taxation. Finally, be aware of reciprocal agreements between states. These special agreements mean that if you live in one state and work in another with a reciprocal agreement, you only pay income tax to your resident state on your wages. This simplifies things considerably. Always maintain thorough records of your income, expenses, and any taxes withheld for both states. This diligent record keeping will be invaluable for accurate and stress-free filing. >> Thanks for watching. If this was helpful, leave a like and consider subscribing. See you next time.

- Filing taxes for 2 states: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] visionary it's your coach vaughn williams and today i want to talk to us a little bit about our um dual state tax filing okay a lot of people live in one state and work in another or i know that a lot of you guys have moved from where you were since the pandemic and you don't have to be in your office anymore your office is closed down so you move to another state now you may not have told your employer that but you i know that you moved to another state you know that you moved to another state but here's the thing so i'll give you an example if you lived in new york city right and then you moved to say maryland okay but your job is still in new york city you're still paying new york city taxes you're still paying new york state taxes it's not going to be the same because now you have a maryland address so you're not paying maryland taxes but you have to pay taxes to live there but if you and if you don't have your new york address anymore then like that causes a conflict so what you want to do is you want to make sure that you either a get keep your new york address somehow or um make sure that you have maryland taxes taken out of your paychecks all right if you are moving if you are moving then keep account of the day that you moved because you're going to be paying part year taxes in one state and part your taxes in another state okay this has caused the problem um there's many people who may work in a major metropolitan area like dc and live in virginia northern virginia or live in maryland and you know that's that's pretty much a given it's kind of the same as here in new york the states of reciprocity people work in new york they live in new jersey or they live in connecticut or they live in pennsylvania and so it's it's pretty much a given but if you don't tell your employer that you've moved okay or if you don't want to do all of that be prepared to pay dual taxes in both states okay there's there's some issues here in new york with the it360 there are some issues in maryland and dc with some of their forms just make sure that you are stay on top of that or be prepared to pay dual taxes now if you move to a place like florida that doesn't have state taxes okay not a problem but you know maryland has state taxes north carolina has state taxes georgia has state taxes there's a lot of places that still do have state taxes if you move to las vegas say for instance nevada doesn't pay state taxes so you're fine but you want to make sure that you stay on top of all of that so that you don't find yourself in a bind and you know having a you know conflict with your um tax accountant okay that's all i got for you guys today just make sure you stay on top of that if you have some questions please reach out info at vonwilliams.com if i said something that you believe can help somebody here share this video with your friends your family your networks um leave your comments below if you have questions leave your comments below i'll get back to you in um 20 24 hours or so if i have said something else that you like please like the video subscribe smash that bell notification so that you can get the notification every time i put out a new video every thursday that's all i got today you guys thank you for joining in it means everything to me i'll see you next week

  Top Comments:
  1. @jesusgymasmrlover [3 likes]: Hello, can you please help me? I've been so overwhelmed with stress and anxiety over not knowing how to handle my situation. I'm a California resident and, in 2023:
- I worked as a Nanny in CA from Jan-Feb
- received CA unemployment insurance from part of Feb-June and didn't have taxes taken out
- but also received wages for Nanny job trials in CA (via VenMo), FL (via payroll), CT (via Zelle), CO (via payroll) during my unemployment
- till I relocated to CO for my current Nanny position in June. However, I haven't told my employer that I have no intention to become a CO resident or stay here long-term (trying to make it through my contract year). My CO apartment is the address they have on payroll file; but I've never changed my state/resident ID address.
How and in which states do I file taxes?
Thank you so much for your help!!!
  2. @cynnabnz [2 likes]: Great video. I live in TX took a position in CO in March  but returned to my home in TX on weekends or whenever I wasn't training. I have duplicate expenses in both TX and CO is there a a way to account for that?
  3. @Gods_favorT [2 likes]: I moved from Ohio to Georgia in June. I have income from Ohio and Georgia. As I am filing online, I input my Ohio taxes and as usual  my refund was a little over $100. Once I added my income made in Georgia, I now owe over $800 to the state of Ohio. I'm not sure why this is. I kept my address in Ohio initially and then changed it to my Georgia address but it was still the same amount owed. I'm not sure what's going on or how to proceed. Any advice would be helpful.
  4. @levelintent [1 likes]: Just extremely confusing... I have a California W2 and the typical four taxes were taken out (social security, federal, medical, state). I live in Illinois and have NEVER lived or worked in California but the company I worked a job for IN ILLINOIS is a California company so they sent me a California W2... I have NO IDEA if Illinois taxes were taken out in addition and I don't know how to figure that out by just looking at the W2. How do I know whether I was double-taxed? Do you have to be double-taxed to get this credit? Sooooo confusing!
  5. @AngelineUpshaw [1 likes]: what forms to fill out for IL state tax?
  6. @VSpellMusic [1 likes]: Hello! So glad I found this video. I moved to TX in March from Guam. I still currently work for a company in Guam remotely, but I have a sole proprietorship here in TX. I know I still have to file taxes in Guam where my main job is. Would I simply use something like turbo tax to file for my SP here in TX? Thanks for any advice!
  7. @Alex-rc9vw [1 likes]: Hi!  I am planning to move to Connecticut and work for my employer in New York remotely. In this case will I be paying taxes twice? and can I file for return for my income taxes I paid in NY when I file Taxes in CT?
  8. @jreneeg [1 likes]: Hi, if I live in Texas(no state taxes) but worked in Georgia (remotely) for a few months and made less than $5k do I still need to file Georgia state taxes? Thank you for your time.
  9. @kdoh4657 [1 likes]: I live in MN as a resident but work in Iowa full time, is my state tax as iowa or mn?
  10. @intentionallyinpired [1 likes]: When you file in 2 different states would that mean two different federal returns ?? Ty
  11. @Life-tq2xb [1 likes]: We moved to PA november 2021, but I still work in MD, beginning of year 2022 my spouse partially worked in MD before working in PA for the rest of year 2022. So now we ended up working in both states but only living in one and so confusing why we owe to both federal taxes almost the same amount. Please let me know if we can just do two separate filing? PA by itself and so for MD however I'm afraid we will end up getting overpaid returns as both incomes will be minimal for our family size. Thank you
  12. @JamieShipman-d7x: Hello- I was residing in Texas and moved to Michigan. They only sent me 1 w2 form. Shouldn’t I have gotten two w2 forms since I worked in two different states?
  13. @CarmineS-92FS: I live in NJ , i work in NJ , my company has a address in NJ and NY .. why I am required to pay NY taxes when I don’t work or live there ???
  14. @Gia_Java: What app to use to file for IL and AI state and federal taxes for 2021? Part time resident in both. Thanks for your help!
  15. @juanc1315: Hi,may I ask you, I live in CA and Work remotely for a Company based in CA, im planning to move to either HI or FL, im planning to keep my address in CA for work purposes, and use my new address for any other purposes, do I have to make dual taxes? Thanks
  16. @erummehmood7115: Hello, what if you work for a company in Texas, but are wanting to move to the NJ area, and your employer is not a registered business in NJ, would I be responsible to pay state tax in NJ since Texas does not have state taxes?
  17. @rjsaab02: I have a question kind of similar to this. I am a current SC resident but was thinking about applying for a job in NC. How would my tax filing situation work when I live in one state and work in another? I’ll end up having 2 SC w-2s and 1 NC w-2. How would this work?
  18. @mym8330: I have a house 🏠 in FL & apartment in NY. When the pandemic hit, my NYC employer sent us home to work remotely.  Due to the bad conditions of the apartment building in New York, and we couldn't get contractors to fix the Heat, hot water; I decided to work from my house in Florida. I worked with the New York company until I was laid off in October 2021. I was still in Florida. I remained in Florida until I got a job in 2022 in Florida. I didn't pay state taxes because it was not requirement. However, in August 2022 I accepted a job in New York City. Am I required to pay New York State income tax for the entire year. To include the time I did work for the Florida employer with a Florida address and using my Florida address as well
  19. @beargrilling9785: lived in MO for two weeks before moving to kansas where I reside now. Made all my money in Missouri and all income is taxed by Missouri. For my Kansas tax return, how do I calculate Current-year tax liability in Other State and Other State adjusted source income?
  20. @BBBNESSA226: Hello, what if you live in DE but you ended up paying NJ takes taxes due to employer based in NJ. Then when I did my taxes I owed money to DE. My employer knew I’ve always lived and worked in DE since I was hired.

- How to File Tax Returns in 2 States: Kind: captions Language: en for people that have moved or for people that are working in one state and living in the adjoining State you typically have to file two returns sometimes you have to file a part-time resident return sometimes is a non-resident there are a number of different uh names and titles for these forms and it depends on the state that you're working with or the states that you're working with as to which forms you'll need the important thing is to keep track of where your income came from during the year and and such things as did it come from property or what were the sources of the income so that you can allocate that to the proper State and uh different states will handle the income differently whether it be from property or from uh a standard job many states have reciprocal agreements with other states and you can get some credit for taxes paid in one state when you're filing uh in the uh the other state so you need to make sure you check that out get with the states that are involved and have them guide you through the process because each state is a little bit different

- Filing Multiple State Income Tax Returns: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Jason for etx there are several reasons that someone may have to file more than one state tax return if you moved from one state to another mid year transferred to work in a different state for part of the year or you or your spouse worked in different states and you're filing jointly you may need to file partye or non-resident returns in multiple States if you've earned income in more than one state on your resident State return you must include all of your income for the year even that was earned out of state and then you must also file a non-resident return in your work state that means at times those working in multiple States may have a double tax burden on their outof state income for the year if this is the case you may be allowed a tax credit for the duplicate income taxes on your home state return if you moved between states this year and your move was permanent a part-year state return is required for each state that you lived in in this case you only have to include the amount of income earned in each state on their respective returns if you and your spouse worked in different states but you want to file your state tax returns jointly you may do so by filing jointly under both spouses names in both States but including only the income earned in each state by the one spouse for more information visit etax.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @entredarte [7 likes]: Overly complicated nonsense when the government knows what you made anyway. Bless those lobbyist.
  2. @marik100000000000000 [2 likes]: Worked and lived in Florida and moved to GA and lived/worked there for about 1 month and returned to Florida…trying to figure how to do these taxes. Did not change my driver’s license or register to vote while I was out there. Do I file non-resident?
  3. @intentionallyinpired: Does this mean 2 separate federal returns as well ?? Ty
  4. @fayolajayden: what about remote working?
  5. @mikekossman5616: Living in Missouri but working in Tennessee???

- How To File Taxes If You Live In One State And Work In Another State?: Kind: captions Language: en hey Leaders of Tomorrow back at you with another video and in this video we're going to talk about how are you taxed if you live in one state and worked in another now this video here I kind of talked about it in a video I did talk about it in a video but I didn't I didn't show a demonstration so I wanted to show a demonstration so you could guys you guys can see how this actually works okay all right so let's say you live in New York City you live in New York City but you work in Jersey kind of mess this up here right you work you work in Jersey right say so you live in New York and you work in Jersey right so let's say your salary your justed gross income of salary was $50,000 and you paid $2,000 in Jersey state taxes right you pay $2,000 in Jersey taxes right um but you live in New York for the whole year 365 days the whole year right um you know New York and New Jersey is pretty much close together you could take a train over there or you could try you could take the New Jersey Transit right over there you could drive as well so let's say you live in Jersey and but you work in let's say you work in Jersey but you live in New York okay and you paid $2,000 in Jersey tax because you live in New York you always are taxed in the home in the home state you live in you know you are always taxed where you live you're always respons for the tax where you live not where you work all right always remember that where you live is is more important than where you work so if you paid the $2,000 to Jersey you're actually going to owe the $22,000 to New York because you live in New York so how do you solve this problem you solve this problem because remember the $2,000 you're paid to Jersey is taken out of your check for the year every two weeks every month however you get paid right so how you solve this problem is when you file your tax when you file your form 109 um 10 10 for your tax return you have to file a nonresidential form you have to file a non-residential form to New Jersey um and what would happen is that once this non-residential form is filed to Jersey um New Jersey will will send you back a refund of the $2,000 it'll send you back the refund of the $2,000 then you will take this $2,000 and then you will pay New York what you owe so essentially you're not taking any money out your pocket to pay New York you're filing the the the the non-residential F to Jersey they send you back the money and then you pay um New York it is kind of like a little bit of a hassle but this is the way you would solve this issue if you work in one state and you live in another okay because technically speaking you shouldn't um be paying you're not supposed to be paying taxes in the state that you owe other than any like say unemployment tax or sales tax you know that's you know if you're paying that then you can you can um you can um you know that Jersey can take that or the state the state that you work in can take that also in even in those situations there's writeoffs that you can do to get the or deductions that you can use to get that money back but technically speaking you should be only paying taxes in the state that you live not the state that you work all right and this is Maria she's the one that's paying the tax okay anyway guys that's the video for today I just hope that this kind of helps explains how this works okay you're always responsible for the tax in the state that you live in not the state that you work and you need to file a non-residential form to the state that you worked so you could get the money back and pay the state that you live in okay anyway guys that's the video for today um hope to help my name is Ashley Celestine I'm the founder of AC tax help I help individuals F their tax returns if you need help finding your tax returns uh please contact me in the bio and Tik Tok or in the description in YouTube all right guys see you later

- Traveling with two passports - I almost got arrested | Jure Sanguinis Italian Dual Citizenship: Kind: captions Language: en well at least it wasn't as bad as that one time when a border officer stuck his hand down my pants and he wasn't reaching around the back hey what's up I'm Raphael D kutia AKA Rafi D is me and I am back at it again on another night not a Friday night but today's video is a little bonus video recently I've been getting a lot of questions about traveling with two passports a video that I did back in March and I haven't been able to get to answering all of them but I wanted to share a little something with you today in that video the subscriber who originally asked about the subject of travelling with two passports and how to do that in the right order was concerned about ending up in not such a great situation and today I'm going to tell you a bit more about why it's important that you use the right passports in the right order but before we get any further into the video if you would like to see more content about moving to Italy Italian citizenship and more please subscribe with that notification ball turned on and if you could also give this video like I would really appreciate it as it does help the channel grow if you're traveling with two passports it's very important that you know when to use which passport if you would like to know more about that check out the video that I uploaded a few months ago but if you are going to be traveling with two passports could be Italian American Brazilian whatever you want to make sure you use the right password at the right time otherwise you could end up in a situation like I did before I moved to Italy I was living in another country I'm not gonna say the name of the country I was living in or the airline that I was flying on just stick with what happened in the country that I was living in previously I entered that country with my American passport but while I was living there I was able to acquire my Italian passport so of course the passport that I had all of my stamps were all in my American passport so as far as the country knew I was an American because I technically wasn't recognized as an Italian citizen until just before I left and of course when I was booking my flight to come to Italy I'm an Italian citizen so of course I booked everything on my Italian passport but you know hold on one second let me just put these down for a second just to keep them safe I love this thing took a lot of years to get that thing I want to make sure I treat it like gold the country that I was living in takes security very seriously once you get to the airport before you get to even the tickets they do another security check and at that time because I had gone in and out of that country a number of times I had ended up having this decent security clearance because they also would give you a sticker on your passport that says what security level you have if they think you're a threat if they think you're okay whatever level that I had they didn't even really look at me twice they were just like okay yet just this guy whatever he's been here before let him through I've flown through this Airport plenty of times but this was gonna be my first time traveling with two passports as I was waiting in the line for the first security check I of course showed them the American passport thinking okay like this is of course what they want to see no problems but then when I got to the ticket counter I showed them my Italian passport because the airlines needed to know that I'm an Italian citizen going to Italy everything was fine no problem but then before you would get to the x-rays you would have this next security checkpoint where they would scan your ticket and your passport to make sure everything was fine and that you were who you said you were so I without thinking about it because I had been up for almost seventy two hours with so little sleep and I was taking care of all the last-minute things and so I didn't even think about it but when I was going through this next checkpoint I gave the woman my Italian passport with my ticket and of course they can yeah okay bye Italian taking my Italian passport but yeah no no no this wasn't the right thing to do in my Italian passport because I had never actually used it I didn't have any security level on there and they didn't even know who I was as far as they were concerned this person in that passport has never been in the country before so the woman started asking me how the hell did you get here what have you been doing and bla bla bla bla bla and I said oh I've been living here I have work permits like I have visa to be able to stay here like I've just been living here and then she freaked out so how come it's not in your passport what's going on you need to go to the security desk over there immediately I was like oh crap ah no I was thinking well firstly if they're telling you you need to go to the other security people and do a further security check decent no bueno and of course as I'm walking away I realized that she wanted to see the security stamp to be able to scan that before I could go to the x-ray machine so as I was walking away I said oh I forgot I gave you the wrong passport here's my American passport can I go through said nope you have to go to the other security desk I was like crap oh I'm so screwed anyway so I go over to the other security desk I'm waiting there I don't know how long in line maybe 15-20 minutes before they finally get to me and keep in mind I wasn't traveling alone and who I was traveling with was on the other side of this glass wall that you can't hear anything through we all knew something was up and of course because I was in the security zone I couldn't use my cell phone to give the update of what was happening eventually I finally got to the security desk and they started questioning me how did I enter the country what school did I go to when I was growing up what is the name of the the third grade teacher that I had I do not like all of these kinds of questions they asked me what kind of work do you do where do you live and they even issued an on-the-spot language test like just an informal little thing I knew enough of the local language to be able to get around with basic things but I couldn't communicate full thoughts and ideas to be able to explain the situation well whatever they spoke English perfectly so thankfully I was able to explain things in English but they still said oh can you read this can you say this but but but I'm like and they kept asking me the same questions over and over and over again and even I forgot to mention the first woman I spoke to at that first security check where she told me to go over she said you may be arrested and I was like oh crap that's why I was like really freaking out and then the the security officer behind the desk said we may need to take you in for further questioning I was like I gotta move to Italy today I got a flight to catch I can't be dealing with this crap so whatever I guess in the end after what it must have been like a half an hour of them asking questions and questions and questions I must have satisfied whatever curiosity they had and they gave me a piece of paper to give to the other woman thankfully in the end I was finally able to go through the x-rays and make my way through passport control with my American passport because again I needed to make sure that I used the right Passport whether you're in the country of your first passport or your second Passport or you're in a third part whoops upside down let's get that right but if you're in one of the countries where you're a citizen or a third party country make sure however they've dealt with you first is how they will continue to deal with you anyway let me just put these carefully away again it is so important that you make sure you use the right passport at the right time you don't want to get into any kind of situation where you might be threatened with being arrested for a really simple little stupid mistake I'm not saying you're gonna get into the situation that I did but know that it is a possibility and look I'm a decent guy I don't do anything that would give anybody a reason to arrest me like I just I don't I don't deal with anything like that at all so for me like never having really done anything in my life plus I'm moving to Italy it was just such it was a unique experience to say the least if you're traveling with two passports it's very important that you know when to use which passport if you would like to know more about that check out the video that I uploaded a few months ago anyway quick question before I leave this one off to any of you who've done a lot of international traveling or even just a little bit of international traveling have you ever had any fun experiences as always this is an open conversation so if you have any questions or anything to add feel free to leave that down in the comment section below here on youtube or always feel free to reach out over social media or email and if you would like to see more content about moving to Italy Italian citizenship and more please be sure to subscribe with that notification bell turned on and if you could give this video a like I would really appreciate that also if you would like to help support what I'm doing here on this channel know I don't earn an income from YouTube but if you would like to help and if you feel like my videos have helped you in the past maybe saving you some time or legal fees please consider becoming a monthly patreon over on patreon you can go to Raphael defo da comm slash patreon or if you would just like to help out one time feel free to visit Raphael D foryou.com slash support and as always I'm not filed eforea AKA Rafi D is me thank you for joining me on another beautiful night not a Friday night but another beautiful night I'll see y'all on Friday I hope you have a great week and I'll see y'all later [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @faz7248 [1 likes]: I was born with Dutch and Italian passports. Before Schengen, I once made the mistake of showing my Dutch ID when returning to Italy. I was so used to breezing through with my Italian papers that I was already in my “ok, I can go now” mindset—only to get pulled aside for a full drug search.
But nothing compares to what happened a few years later. Driving my old Peugeot 106 through the Swiss border, now with Dutch plates instead of Italian, I was stopped again. After 20 minutes of tearing through my car, one young guard walked up to me and said, dead serious:
“Come on! Tell me, where did you hide the drugs!?”
  2. @saskasaska-r9w: well avoid israel next time
  3. @0xEther1337: Dude, this is basic. All user error.
  4. @rnanerd6505: Just to be clear, it is entirely lawful to travel with two passports, provided the two countries issuing the passports allow dual citizenship.
Now you do need to enter and leave the country of your citizenship with the passport associated with that citizenship. And that makes logical sense because otherwise the system logs you down as a foreigner entry and there may be restrictions on your stay (which shouldn’t apply). In my case, I always use my passport when I’m travelling in an out of the EU, but I then use my UK passport when I’m re-entering the UK
  5. @MartinNielsen-c7h: mainly check the immigrations websites for how to properly use passports, usually as an American Citizen use your American passport when leaving the USA and use the country you are entering passport in my case British passport.
  6. @manuelquelle9915: So how would I do my dual passport?
We booked with British Airways. Going: NYC -> London (1 stop ) then next flight to Greece.
Return: Greece-> London (1 stop) then next flight to NYC.
I booked British airways with the American passport. Would I be able to use my Spanish (Spain) passport when I land in London and then when I land in Greece? Or no?
  7. @JCYPZ: If that’s your first passport of your new  country, then you actually give both of them so they could combine the information
  8. @robertorambelli9618: Nope, I hope you learnt.
  9. @cvany-lachmatul: You're lucky you caught your flight. I've read about Israel that they can hold travelers trying to come in for 4 hours, ask stupid questions, treat you like shit and give you some sandwiches (which I doubt that are vegan). I was considering to travel there one day, but just because of these security checks - never.
  10. @crazyoncoffee: Don’t mess with Israel, never been there, but know that that’s what they do lol
  11. @D3ND: If this is not Israel I'll be so surprised. It is bonkers there.
The problem you described in most cases should be resolved with, "oh sorry here is the passport I entered with", I have dual citizenship and I had this issue before. 
But no, not Israel!! Fuck Israeli security checks and their racism there. If you're not white you'll have a bad time.
  12. @malk6277: If she had been doing her job correctly, she would have asked you if you entered the country on your Italian passport, or another one, and could she please see the other one.
This has happened to me before and nobody freaked out. They just said they needed to see the document I had used to enter their country with. I'm sorry you ran into an idiot!
  13. @solosohi: Ben Gurion, Tel Aviv, is where this happened.
  14. @InformativeAndUnfortunate: 5 ads into an 8 minute video… I dOnT MaKE mONey oN YoUTuBe 🙄
  15. @frankmueller7660: This is why no one wants to go to the US ! This was so unnecessary. Ok you presented the wrong passport - happened. But why she did not just look at the US one then? This is just stupid
  16. @zetto814: This is not about dual passports its about Israel being very sensitive to security at borders.

I have 2 passports and travel often. Never such a problem. I do things in the most logical order and in case of issue I show my other passport.

One thing people don't think about when you travel to the country of residence after a vacation using the other passport is the necessity to show that passport of your country of residence:

Let's say Rafael is now in Italy and wants to spend 2 weeks of vacation in Canada and enters Canada with his US  passport to avoid ETA fees and hassle. When he wants to get back to Italy he obviously has to use his US passport leaving Canada, however, Canadian border police might ask him a return ticket from Italy as US citizens aren't allowed to stay in Italy more than 90 days as visitors in Italy. In this case he informs them that he is an Italian citizen and shows them his Italian passport. Not all border police agents are as diligent, but happens to me half of the times when I get back to my country of residence after vacation/business trip.

Avoid presenting both passports simultaneously, present one and then the other only when they ask you about it.
  17. @arod2050: Bienvenido al cuartito
  18. @vincentohara2520: Clear as MUD.
  19. @AlistairMP: Some countries will arrest you if they find you have two passports.
  20. @OnTheRoad_Lwando: As a South African, I had a passport that expired, but in it it had my valid US visa. So while applying and also going through TSA and customs personnel both at home and US, I had to produce my current both passports at the desks every time. Luckily, not even once I was stopped for extra screening.

- How to Travel with Two Passports: Kind: captions Language: en the idea of dual citizenship is something that is very exotic to a lot of people so that when they first find Nomad capist and they want to get their second passport Logistics enter into their mind where they say hold on how do I travel with my second passport how do I manage having two or even three or in some cases even four passports you know what do I do with all those so that I avoid problems this is an issue that I think is actually pretty straightforward but in this video I'm going to share a few ideas about how to manage traveling with your two or more [Music] passports hi I'm Andrew Henderson and if you've watched any of our videos about second citizenship you know that my approach to this is a little bit different than a lot of other folks that you may be watching out there who are talking about this the traditional dual citizen whether it's on YouTube whether it's on Instagram is Canadian or US citizen perhaps they had a family member or like a grandparent who was from Italy or Poland wherever else and so now they have this one EU passport they have the one North American passport both TR passports and you know they're basically traveling back and forth between the two regions they live in one they visit the other and so that makes it relatively straightforward if you live in the United States you're supposed to enter and exit with your US Passport they don't want you to come in as a polish citizen which you couldn't because You' need a visa they don't want you to come in as a German citizen or as a Norwegian citizen they want you to come in as a US citizen they want you to leave even though are no exit controls they want you to leave for all intents and purposes as a US citizen because you're their citizen on their soil they don't let you go and you know get consulate protection from your other citizenship while you're there uh but then you would travel let's say to the EU with your German or whatever other EU passport you have and when you arrive in the EU most of those countries also want the same thing there is more flexibility with some of the European countries where you can use a different passport but generally they want you to use your European passport and you would want to use it because you get access to the fast lane so you leave and enter your country on its passport you'll even enter the other country on its passport nothing too complicated what I look at from the perspective of nomad capis is if you can get a European passport through ancestry fine I think that in the long term there may be a negative tax strategy associated with having a European passport but if it's free take it while you can get it what I look at is how do I get passports in countries I'm not living in and I'm not even really spending a lot of time in necessarily we talk about economic citizenship from countries let's say in the Caribbean people probably aren going to spend most of their time in the Caribbean they're going to be using that passports travel privileges to go all around the world get residence permits and that Etc and so the first thing to consider is what are you telling the airline or whatever meth method of travel you're using when you are flying or when you are traveling between two countries I think what people think is that the airline is going to hover over them like some kind of uh you know beast making sure that whatever passport they entered in the airlines database is the one they're going to use the airlines job is to make sure that you are not going to be denied entry to the next country so if you're a US citizen and you're leaving the United States and you're going somewhere else where you have a passport I don't really believe that there's a huge issue with the passport that you're using in terms of what you tell the airl line when you arrive you use the one that's most suitable but obviously again if you're traveling between two countries where you are a citizen that's going to be a bit different if you're just traveling between random countries the issue is can I get into uh this country what you're also going to want to consider is do I have a residence permit or do I have a Visa in one of these passports you know for example if I go to Malaysia sure I'm going to advise the airline of the passport I have that has my 10year Malaysian sticker Visa in in it just makes things easy just keeps things straightforward but at the end of the day doesn't make a huge difference I just want to make sure that when I get to Malaysia I use that passport or if I wanted to some other passport um that I could get in with Visa free as long as it didn't invalidate my sticker Visa so to me the biggest issue in traveling with two passports is just realizing which one's going to admit you when you get there understanding the rules of the country that you are going to if you're going to a country that you're not a citizen of I.E you know I'm going to Malaysia I'm not a Malaysian citizen if I were to use another passport some countries will actually invalidate that Visa Mexico for example I had a Mexican residence permit and if I were to enter Mexico on a different passport it immediately cancels that residence permit so the bigger issue is where am I going and what are the terms of entry into that country Mexico doesn't really care which passport I enter with but if I have some other kind of immigration status that's what I want to be concerned about so the underlying citizenship isn't the issue and so if you're just traveling let's say you have those two passports and you're traveling as a tourist to a third country both of the passports let you in it's really not an issue I think that sometimes let's say you are the aforementioned us and German citizen if you're flying from the US to let's say Mexico just use the US Passport throughout the entire Journey but if you have a series of tib passports as I do let's say you're leaving one country and you're going to another you entered uh let's say China I entered China once on one passport and I was going to Singapore where I needed to use another passport generally you just show the passport that you use to enter China to the um you know when you're leaving from an immigration perspective they don't necessarily really care how you're getting into the next place in most cases when you're talking to the airline at check-in they want to see the passport that you're going to enter the next country at because again they concern is are they going to have to fly you back when you are denied entry so again these are procedural issues the things that you may want to be considerate of more so for people who are not Western citizens is is what are the privacy concerns and what are the dual citizenship restrictions um I know that there are certain countries where you have to report dual citizenship or they don't allow dual citizenship India for example what's often advised is if you get a second passport and you want to retain your Indian passport you would travel through a third country so you would fly from India to somewhere else where Indians had Visa free and then in that country you would switch so that way there wasn't a a record of that that's obviously something you want to take up with um the people that help you get the second passport as well as lawyers in your own country cuz I don't want to advise on something where you're going to get in trouble at home by not reporting other citizenships Chinese have the same issue it's not so much of an issue for westerners but what is an issue is that do be aware that whatever passport you use with the airline database or through immigration that may go into some kind of system that's shared with other people for example know that the United States when you any airline that flies to the United States they share their passenger data with the United States so if you're flying in an and a passport that you don't you know want you know you want to be careful of how you are entering or exiting or how you are you know presenting yourself to the airline so there are certainly privacy concerns but the reality is a lot of data is shared across all different kinds of countries right now uh and increasingly countries are asking you what are all the passports you have just to get in anyway whether it's esta whether it's an ETA whether it's the new uh ET IAS system in the European Union I think there's going to be a lot less privacy around citizenships and so the issue to me when traveling with two passports is respecting any uh issues where you need to protect your dual citizenship when that is an issue if you're a western citizen the issue is basically common sense it's something that people look at dual citizenship as being so exotic that they don't realize it's really just a practical issue enter an exit a country on its own passport and if you're traveling in between make sure you're presenting yourself in the way that's most practical it's really that simple the most practical consideration and the most basic consideration is which passport can you use when you're going to any third country that's going to welcome you so if you have a US passport for example and you have a tib passport let's say you got an economic citizenship or your your plan B passport if you still have that US Passport you probably want to use that in a lot of emerging countries if the Visa free access is the same for you so if you come to Armenia for example they're going to look at us passport yeah great no problem hand it back if you hand them a stt Lucia passport okay all right let's take a look let's spend a minute or two never had an issue myself never heard of anyone having an issue but if you sa that extra 30 seconds brings up fewer questions okay you're born in the US you're from the US great here you go have a nice day obviously there are certain countries where you know being from the US might not be as favorable you'd want to use something that's like hey I'm not from the US um and so understanding what each country is going to want understanding that they're trying to process what is your story you know if you're coming from one country country where you're a citizen you're going to another third party or a third country where you're you know things start to get complicated if there's not like a cohesive story you're going to have a bit slower experience I've had that sometimes you have to explain the situation but the point is if you can present the most clean story that's true about who you are where you're from where you're going and why you should be welcome there that's going to make life a lot easier for you regardless of which country you could use it's a matter of which country should I use that presents me in the best light for where I'm going I'm Andrew Henderson and if you're looking for a way to legally reduce your taxes build your freedom and create wealth faster as a global citizen then you've come to the right place I want you to do three things right now number one click the button to subscribe to our Channel make sure to get notifications so you never miss a new video number two get a copy of our number one bestselling book Nomad capitalist on Amazon and learn all the dozens of benefits of our lifestyle and number three if you're already a six or seven fig entrepreneur and you want to put these strategies in place go to Nomad capital.com and find out how to get some help

  Top Comments:
  1. @nomadcapitalist [33 likes]: Do you have multiple passports and how do you travel with them? 
Comment below and share your story. 

Also, if you enjoyed this video, give it a thumbs up and click on the subscribe button.
  2. @USA-CANADA1480 [1 likes]: Scenario

X is a dual American Canadian with both passports.

X is currently in Toronto and bought a round trip ticket from Toronto to Manila transiting through San Francisco

The return ticket is nonstop from Manila to Toronto (straight) 

X registered the ticket with the Canadian passport as he was currently in Canada.  

X enters YYZ and meets with American pre-screening CBP since he is entering the US through SFO to transit. 

X is legally bound to present a US passport as he is a US citizen re-entering his country.

CBP also checks the ticket and finds a mismatch between ticket (registered with his Canadian passport) 

CBP insists that when entering the country the passport to be used should be US.

Now what.

Let’s turn back the hypothesis.  If you went the other way around, register the round trip ticket with US passport, remember that X returns from Manila  to Toronto non-stop.  

He lands in Toronto YYZ, he presents a Canadian passport for “right to enter” as he is a Canadian.  

The CBSA sees there is a mismatch for presenting a Canadian passport when the ticket is registered under US passport.   

Now what.
  3. @CanTho2022 [1 likes]: Hello, I am Vietnamese American living in Houston. I just got my Vietnamese passport! I plan to go to Vietnam in the Summer. I bought a plane ticket using the U.S. passport number. 

When entering Vietnam, do I use the Vietnam passport? Do I also use it when exiting Vietnam?

Finally, when I enter Houston, I know I have to the U.S. PASSPORT? What happened when they don’t see the Vietnam stamp on it (and wonder where I flew in from???)…
  4. @thejamericanleo [1 likes]: TLDW; follow the rules of the country you are leaving and heading to. For example, if you’re still a U.S citizen 

“U.S. nationals, including U.S. dual nationals, must use a U.S. passport to enter and leave the United States. U.S. dual nationals may also be required by the country of their foreign nationality to use that country’s passport to enter and leave that country. Use of the foreign passport to travel to or from a country other than the United States is not inconsistent with U.S. law. “

As for traveling to other countries outside of your nationalities, it really depends on which one gives you the best advantage for where you want to go. For example, I want to visit Ghana but on a U.S passport that would require a visa. However, on a Jamaican passport, I would be able to travel there visa free, and that’s the case for some other countries (Russia, Bangladesh, Zimbabwe, Tanzania, Kenya, etc.) where using that passport would be more suitable. 

Just be smart, but follow the laws and procedures.
  5. @Hoosiers_Abroad [1 likes]: What if your two passports have two different names on them?  My wife entered Australia as an American but we got held up at the airport when she was leaving as a Vietnamese citizen with a different name. (We can't even pronounce it 😂)  We have great access to the world with the US passport but when we come home to Vietnam...she need to be Vietnamese!
  6. @1958zed [1 likes]: Helpful video, as I'm investigating obtaining dual German citizenship by descent (currently an American citizen). I know this video is 3 years old, and some things are in the process of changing for travel between the US and EU, specifically the implementation of the EU's ETIAS visa waiver program in 2023 to allow US citizens entry into the EU. Similarly, the US requires EU citizens to complete an ESTA visa waiver application for entry into the US. As I understand it, airlines are required to check to see if you have the ETIAS or ESTA visa waivers before allowing you to board.

So based on that, if I were to fly from my home in the US to visit family in Germany having dual passports, would this be the proper sequence of steps for traveling after ETIAS implementation:

Flying US to Germany:

1. Book roundtrip ticket using my German passport number.
2. At airline check-in desk, present my German passport. (If I presented my US passport without ETIAS, I expect I would be denied boarding).
3. I'm not sure which passport to present at TSA security checkpoints. I would be inclined to present my US passport because part of me thinks that, if I present my German passport, that could raise some red flags in their system because it may show that I never entered the country on my German passport. 
4. When boarding the aircraft, present my German passport and boarding pass. (No ETIAS needed for EU citizens.)
5. On arrival in Germany, present my German passport to border control.

Flying from Germany to US:

1. Present US passport at the airline check-in desk. (If I presented my German passport without an ESTA authorizing entry into the US, I expect I would be denied boarding.)
2. Present German passport at security and border control.
3. When boarding the aircraft, present my US passport and boarding pass. (No ESTA needed for US citizens.)
4. On arrival in the US, present my US passport to border control.

Does that make sense? Did I get anything wrong?
  7. @brass427: I traveled to the US on my US passport and everywhere else on my Swiss passport.
  8. @manuelquelle9915: So how would I do my dual passport?
We booked with British Airways. Going: NYC -> London (1 stop ) then next flight to Greece.
Return: Greece-> London (1 stop) then next flight to NYC.
I booked British airways with the American passport. Would I be able to use my Spanish (Spain) passport when I land in London and then when I land in Greece? Or no?
  9. @stanleystuart2008: Do both passport have to be in date at the same time whilst traveling
  10. @fengshui2151: once passportless travel is implemented using Iris scan at airports, how will the system know which citizenship to refer to you?
  11. @kimberiysmarketstrategy: Thank you!!
  12. @jc.9: But what if the countries I am a citizen of require visas from one another?

Let’s say I’m a citizen of the UK and an EU country.
If I leave the UK with my UK passport, will the airline query how long I am staying in the EU and whether I have the correct visa to enter the EU? Will I have to present both passports in that case?

Similarly, if I then leave the EU with my EU passport and return to the UK, will I have to explain to the airline that I can enter the UK as a British citizen?
  13. @heathergodinho9792: I’m a Malawian in studying in India on a student visa but I also have a Portuguese passport so I’m a Portuguese citizen. I currently hold both my Malawian and Portuguese passport. My Indian visa is in my Malawian passport but I want to travel to the United kingdom using my Portuguese passport to avoid getting a visa. How do I do that?
  14. @juansoteldo92: But then what citizenship do you note down that you have when you purchase a round trip ticket? Because both sides EU and USA will see that information right?
  15. @ivanjrivas921: Thank you I could not find someone who discussed this great video!
  16. @Acteaon: Any thing I should keep in my with a mex and USA citizenship,? 3rd country entry?
  17. @United_Wings: 🤔🤔
  18. @TheRomanTimesNews: ❤🎉😮😮😮😮
  19. @aisasaid-mohand4518: Thanks a lot for all info. 
When you say that one must use their US passport when entering or leaving the US. Now, how does the US authority knows that I departed or used my passport upon leaving if there is no specific CBP check by any customs officers in Departures? So, how do I prove that I have used my US passport?
I look forward to hearing from you answer
Thanks a million, in advance
  20. @mohammadkhan6292: What about leaving Australia going to USA 
Have duel citizenship have both countries pp

- How I’ve Changed My Travel Habits over the Years: Kind: captions Language: en This year is my 13th year of pretty extensive traveling with the goal of going out, seeing the world, and looking for the opportunities that we talk about as going where you're treated best. And over the last 13 years, seven of which I have been entirely out of the country I was born in, I have changed the way I travel. I've changed the way I look at travel. And in this video, I'm going to share with you some of the things that I have changed in my personal travel habits over the years. Hey guys, I'm Andrew Henderson. And if you'd like to learn how Nomad Capitalist helps seven and eight-figure entrepreneurs and investors go where they're treated best using the world as their oyster. Uh you can learn more about everything we do at nomadcapitalist.com. Now, uh over the last 13 years, I have started businesses, sold businesses, um changed what I'm doing to the point where in late 2012, I decided uh I'm getting out of everything I'm doing in the United States. Uh I'm going to sell it all, sell the last business, sell the house, and basically bump my uh what had become pretty extensive uh travels um the majority of the months of the year into full-time nomadism and going and exploring all the opportunities. And that's why I started nomadcapitalist.com as a blog to write about this stuff. Uh and it evolved into what it is today. And so, uh it's fair to say that certainly I have grown as a person. I have uh grown financially in this time. And And through that process, there have been some things that I've changed in the way that I travel. Uh the first thing that has changed uh is that I have reduced the amount of nomadism in my life. Now, uh I think that for a lot of folks, it's important to go through the phases, right? I mean, just as in life, you don't start at 13 years old and become 80 years old overnight. You go through, you experience life, you learn things, you change, you adjust, your preferences change. Uh I think for a lot of folks who are just starting out exploring the world at some pace, whether it's 1 week per place, 1 month per place, or 1 quarter per place, I think it's important. People often come to me and they say, "Andrew, I want to lower my taxes." And I'll say, "Great. Do you know where you want to go?" No. Okay. Check out these five places, pick one, we'll put your residence over here for now to make the tax plan work. Uh and then get back to me in 6 months or a year, or you know, where do you want to live? So, I'm not against nomadism, but as I have traveled more, I found that uh I like to stay in certain places that I like. If you're running a a large business, I think it's easier to be in places that are comfortable for you, that are known for you, either they're a hub city, they're a base city where you actually live, or it's a focus city where you you um you know your way around, okay? So, that goes in line with number two, which is I spend a lot more time in my own homes. And so, I have gone on um to buy properties all around the world in places that I like. And I have a list of places that I'm interested in potentially buying. Uh I'm interested in checking out to potentially buy. Um and really what I want to do is create my own network of places where I can go and stay and be comfortable and be productive and get work done. Uh I do not want to be in one place all year long. I think Kuala Lumpur is great, Bogota is great, Tbilisi is great, Montenegro, we talk about a lot of different places, Mexico. There's There are a lot of places. And there are also countries, you know, smaller cities. I've come to appreciate um places that are a bit more rural for brief periods of time. Or Or maybe you want some skiing in your life in the winter. Or uh you want a tropical island in your life. Whatever. Uh I'm on a mission to uh assemble a collection of properties to where I can go, I can have the the decorations that I want. Um I can have everything the way I need it. And uh I'm looking to do good deals that either lead to residence or citizenship or just a good investment, okay? And we talked about that in a lot of other videos, but I'm spending a lot more time in my homes. I'm in- increasingly reducing the amount of number of hotel nights I spend in a year. So, a couple years ago, I might have spent 225 nights a year in different hotels, and I would own one or two or three properties, and I wouldn't really spend that much time there. Now, I'm really increasing the uh time that I spend in homes that I own uh where I have control over my environment. And And to the first point, what I'm also doing is a lot more A B A travel rather than A B C A or A B C D, right? So, uh if I'm in Kuala Lumpur and I want to go to Dubai, I will go and I'll go to Dubai. I'll take my carry-on suitcase or maybe my checked luggage. I'll take my uh Kuala Lumpur toiletry bag, and I will go off to Dubai and then come back. Uh I don't really do a lot of um "Hey, uh we got to go back to Tbilisi for the summer, and so on the way is Dubai. We wanted to go there for 4 days." I don't really do that because one of the things that I've changed is I don't like to drag stuff around with me. Uh I just my ideal uh life is I take a laptop bag with me. Uh and so, I think that as you do this more and more, you know, uh point number three is try and fly business class more often. Certainly when I was, you know, 23 years old, I wasn't doing that very much. I had a ton of miles, and I was hoarding them by flying the cheapest class possible. I'd always fly economy even though I had millions of miles at one point. Uh cuz I wanted to make them last longer. Uh but even if you fly business class, oh, you get, you know, two 32 kilo bags. You know, it's it's like uh that meme saying uh you're not wealthy until you can fly on a private jet without taking a photo. Uh for me, it's been, you know, you're not even totally arrived until you can fly business class without extracting, you know, every uh every perk and every benefit, okay? Uh I do fly business class when possible. There are certain routes where it just doesn't make sense. I don't spend much time in Western Europe, but, you know, if you're flying from London to, you know, Rome, I wouldn't bother, right? Because it's just ridiculous. Um in fact, you know, sometimes I'll fly, you know, you'd be flying Tbilisi to Istanbul and then to Kuala Lumpur, and you know, you wouldn't fly Tbilisi to Istanbul in business class generally. Um I guess I can afford to do so, but it's just, you know, paying five times the price for this seat that is a little bit wider for an hour. I generally don't do it. Now, on the other hand, I've also said I'm not going to fly on low-cost airlines. That's more of a matter of I've seen uh Jetstar delaying my flight for 8 hours. One time, I remember I was in Vietnam. I was flying from Da Nang to Ho Chi Minh City, and it was like 8:00 at night. And my Jetstar flight that I booked for really cheap was uh delayed till something like 4:30 in the morning. And I walked up to Vietnam Airways, a real airline, and I said, you know, "You have a flight half an hour later. Can I Can I take it?" They said, "Yeah, we only have business class. It's 125 bucks." And so, you know, for an hour for 125 bucks, the the money was just about bypassing the hassle. I try and avoid hassles now. Business class generally helps me avoid hassles because you often get uh priority lines on arrival. Sometimes you get priority lines when you're going. I'm not in this camp that says business class is some be-all, end-all. It's so amazing. You know, the service is a little better, the food's a little better. Uh for me, it's really about avoiding hassles. And so, what I've learned doing so much travel is I just want to avoid hassles. I don't want to be stuck in long lines. I want someone to care if there's a problem. I want to have some kind of level of of priority in case I need some help with something. And if I can get a little comfort out of the deal, all the better. The fourth thing that I've stopped doing along those lines is I've really stopped prioritizing uh lounge access. Again, um if you're flying business class through, you know, Istanbul, for example, great lounge. Uh Qatar, great lounge. Uh Dubai, I've been in the first class Emirates lounge. Yeah, it's nice. I mean, okay, it is undoubtedly nice. I don't know. I find Dubai and I find Emirates uh as a as an airport a little bit uh overrated. Uh but there are some absolutely great lounges. There are also a lot of lounges that are bad. And so, the reason is, in my mind, anyone with a credit card now can get access to the lounge with a Priority Pass or uh even with an airline credit card, you can get access to the uh to the lounge for that airline. And so, the lounge experience to me has been greatly devalued. I'm not saying I won't go, um but again, it's a situation where some of the lounges I go to in some of these, you know, lower-tier cities that aren't London or Singapore or Hong Kong or whatever, the lounges are kind of bad, right? and so, actually, I started doing something recently where if I'm flying out of my hub airport, like I'm flying from Kuala Lumpur to I recently flew to Myanmar, uh flying out of Kuala Lumpur with a with they've got a pretty good lounge, actually. Uh in business class is great. Flying back, when you get the same lounge you get with every credit card, and it's not that good, and they don't have priority boarding, and there's no ex- there's no special line, it's it's not even really worth it. Um but the lounges for sure become so available to everyone. And you know, it's not a thing about snobbery. It's just If it's available to everyone, it's really available to no one. The same thing goes for point number five, uh miles. Uh for me, miles have been devalued. They're difficult to use. It's often a pain. I just don't bother so much anymore. If I accumulate miles, like with an American Express card, I'll I'll accumulate points. I'll figure out how to spend them eventually. If I accumulate miles on a certain airline, okay, I'll do that. I'll put a little bit of effort into, all right, I'm flying on the Star Alliance. Uh here's my Star Alliance airline. I'm flying on One World. I think I'm still crediting to America I've American and British. Um cuz they still the best ratios, but uh I don't put that much effort in. And I also don't really focus too much on uh redemption values. We've got a credit card um to get this hotel points and you can you can move the hotel points into airline miles. Um and so we'll do that sometimes. Uh but you know, if I can burn the points, I'm not going to be obsessed with, you know, can I get 1.4 cents per point? This is This is only 0.9 cents per point. Uh for me travel, you know, and the loyalty and all these little perks that have been made available to so many people with a $95 credit card has really devalued it. It's not worth it. My focus on travel now is how do I avoid hassle? How do I avoid chaos? How do I bring about calm in my travel experience? Because you know, for me there's a difference between you know, I work in an office in London and hey, let's take our 2-week holiday and let's go to Mauritius. There's a difference between that and the experience of travel there, which is what I started with the That's the feeling I had 13 years ago when I started traveling. Now, at a certain point you've been doing this long enough, it's just like I want to get from point A to B. I don't want someone to be snarly. Uh I don't want my bag to get lost. Uh I don't, you know, want to have any problems. That's the thing that I think um and as you continue your Nomad Capitalist journey, you'll increasingly find uh is just seek calm. And a lot of these things for me have become distractions. A lot of the perks, a lot of the shiny objects have really become distractions. Uh that's how I've changed travel. I'm curious to hear your comments on this. I know some of you really enjoy collecting your miles and I know occasionally when I'm working with someone and I tell them, "Hey, if you want to be uh not paying tax in your home country, you got to cancel that miles card." I know sometimes that the real sticking point for folks is is not being able to earn their miles even if they save 40% on their taxes. Um miles are sometimes a sticking point, okay? Um so I know that some of you may have different opinions. I'd love to hear that in the comments. For me, it's all about calm. It's all about simplicity. It's all about just getting to the destination without distractions. How can Nomad Capitalist help you? Four ways. Number one, subscribe to our channel and click the notification bell to make sure you get our new video every day. Number two, get a copy of Nomad Capitalist the book. You'll learn a lot of my personal experiences over a dozen years of studying this stuff as well as exactly some of the strategies that you can use to build your Nomad Capitalist plan. Number three, if you're not sure where to start, but you want to come and learn from my team and I, you want to come and mingle with like-minded people. Learn more about our live conference, Nomad Capitalist Live. It's coming up soon. And number four, if you want some help right now because you've got a burning issue, you need something solved, you want to lower your taxes, get a second passport, or build the Nomad Capitalist lifestyle of your dreams, go to nomadcapitalist.com and click on become a client.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Tom-tk3du [22 likes]: I travel globally and live abroad for half the year. I enjoy flying my own plane but hate flying commercial. I try to minimize my commercial travel, and will fly business class for long haul flights. I only stay in hotels if Im stuck somewhere for a short while...otherwise its AirBnB. I try to work as little as humanly possible these days. ;)
  2. @modernsaunter3573 [5 likes]: Agree! Dragging stuff around while traveling gets exhausting after awhile . . . Another great video, Andrew!😁
  3. @jaws2003 [4 likes]: For me it's all about the calm and simplicity of traveling. If I do bring a bag I want to get on the plane first so I can use the overhead storage.
  4. @jasonyoon7502 [2 likes]: That's it. The goal is to simplify everything by getting rid of the distractions, but you need to first go through a "newbie chaotic" phase in order to know what those distractions are. Thank you!
  5. @rogerver [2 likes]: Why do you think a miles card would affect your tax residency?  I haven't stepped foot in the USA for years,  but still have all my USA credit cards and mileage memberships.
  6. @Dan-ck5xs [2 likes]: Since I retired any flight over 2 hours I fly business class.
  7. @MarkRose1337 [2 likes]: Man, I have to pay $139 for my lounge access credit card. I'm getting ripped off ;)
  8. @sandu3590 [1 likes]: Andrew, i totally agree about  creating a lifestyle which allowes to have a network of your own houses and opportunity to live in several places worldwide. I was waiting for so many years for my EU passport and now after getting it i feel so relieved, i could go anywhere , live and work. This freedom gives an energy to work more, create greta lifestyle and enjoy . Thank you for a great video!
  9. @michyan82 [1 likes]: Wait wait, you buried the lede. We cannot use points if we want to pay little or no taxes from overseas???
  10. @Paulo_Gaeta [1 likes]: Amazing, you talk about travel as Covid does not exist! Emirates at some point discontinued all flights, the same with Air Asia, many lounges, with few exceptions have closed...
  11. @gettingslim186 [1 likes]: good points!
  12. @esfasia9835 [1 likes]: I occasionally get mails from you, those are good. Got plan to work with you in the future. Keep on.
  13. @TheHellogs4444: What's funny is that taking this a step further, I feel like I don't want to travel at all. I'm 25, I've been to quite a few cities, and no longer feel any urge to go anywhere. I want to stay in the same place for 30 years now.
  14. @warrenchu4612: LH First class private lounge in FRA is the best.
  15. @cherylkelly8009: Seek Calm :) Good advice !!
  16. @cherylkelly8009: Flying Business class is the best way to use  miles — If it’s over 41/2-5 hours I go business :) when I turned 55 I made that a rule :)
  17. @NotShowingOff: Let me guess the topic of tomorrow’s video, EU banning the USA, and how your vision has been proven correct the whole time.
  18. @GleeSmee: Business class from LAX to Schiphol got very expensive in the past few years. Don't know why. Too bad that is the route I fly most often!
  19. @amir5593: very good experiences.
  20. @twinhalf5806: I am poor but I have had the experience of stopping the car on the runway ten meters from a private plane 10 minutes before takeoff. Better than waiting in a luxurious lounge is to not wait. But I dont think it worth the money unless you are a billionaire and use it a lot. It costs a fortune just to keep on a shed.

- Traveling | Basketball: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] in this video you will learn how not to travel traveling happens when you move with the ball without dribbling it is a violation which is penalized with a turnover to the other team to make sure you don't travel be careful in these three situations when you receive the ball while moving when you receive the ball while stationary and when you start dribbling first situation when you receive the ball while moving when you receive the ball if you take more than two steps without dribbling you will be called out for traveling to avoid this remember to take no more than two steps before releasing the ball for a shot or pass if you already have one foot on the floor when receiving the ball you only get one extra step second situation when you receive the ball while stationary to orientate yourself and protect the ball you can turn on one foot on the condition that this foot doesn't move this is called the pivot foot once you catch the ball if you take your pivot foot off the floor or slide it the referee will call it travel you may lift your pivot foot to shoot or pass but you must release the ball before your foot touches the ground again for information on how to choose your pivot foot check our video starts and stops third situation starting a dribble when you start dribbling if if you lift your pivot foot before you dribble a travel will be called to avoid this make sure you release the ball before moving your pivot foot the traveling rule can be tricky to get used to initially but it will quickly become natural and you won't even have to think about it over to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Eva-tf8kq [570 likes]: Thank you so much for making this! You will not believe how much help this is to me! I did NOT get the rules of basketball before I found your videos, as they teach the rules but are easy to follow. You deserve like, 1M views.
  2. @randallanderson1632 [5 likes]: This video explains why, despite what everyone seems to think, there would, or at least should be no traveling call following the final play in last year's NCAA championship. The player (Sharpe) caught a pass, without using his dribble, he jumped and aborted the shot attempt, releasing the ball to the floor. Despite what everyone seems to believe, he, Sharpe, could have picked up the ball himself without violation thus constituting his allowed dribble.
  3. @dx2327 [1 likes]: Nba players ignore all of this
  4. @beesutton1717 [1 likes]: The biggest problem with people in the comments just being keyboard warriors about “traveling!” Is that each level of the game has different view on travel and what even constitutes a  “pivot foot” and “gather step” and shit like that, the NBA as we all know is VERY loose with these rules and what continuities these terms. But based off this video…the older guy at least did not travel…you’re allowed at least one extra step after receiving the ball in stationary position, if running/in transition, you’re allowed two…he didn’t exceed that, spun on pivot foot without lifting before dribbling…then did a step through…now if the boys didn’t replicate it perfectly I’m not too sure…I was pretty sure first kid didn’t travel, second one was a little sketchy with the little extra gather step trying to get his balance…people just see shit like this and go “ah, wasn’t a straight dunk or lay or turn around 3, it’s a travel” 😂🤦‍♂️
  5. @clementello [1 likes]: so HELPFUL! I'm a ref in the NBA and I will be sharing this with my coworkers ASAP
  6. @jasongrant2366: Shit nigga. I only knew one
  7. @James-nv1wf: This is what made me lose interest in playing the game at a very young age. When you can't even play a game on the playground at 10 years old without everyone stopping you every 2 seconds.
  8. @billn6534: If everything you said is true how come LeBron James takes four and five steps sometimes before he shoots in the referees do nothing.!?
  9. @Chuby_ubesie: 😂😂who made all these crazy rules
  10. @AlegeOlaoluwa: I got what I've been looking forrrrr
Thanks for the vid
Liked and subed
  11. @dimitribaltas9746: When traveling please buckle your legs to the ground.  Remeber in the NBA of you get called for travel simply show your passport and the ref will grant you 3 additional steps the next time you attempt it
  12. @spikeyhairazn25: #NBA #REFEREE TRAINING VIDEO 😂
  13. @WHATMEEWORRIED: no player in the nba has ever watched this video
  14. @DuckofficialYT: Thanks so much I was so confused,I would stand still for a sec and they would yell travel by someone else would run across the court with out dribbling 😭
  15. @lmaolol5053: For first situation , can I take 2 steps and stop and fake and shoot?
  16. @getatme1on1: That's called walking,, not traveling. They used call walking
  17. @matthewburris769: "Splain 'carrying' or 'palming', cuz that is ridiculous nowadays, refs are like cops, no weapon, not coming.
  18. @Tertioptus: What, no step through?
  19. @thorondor5465: What about NBA, why there they get to make extra step?
  20. @unleashthedog: Funny how in the last example at the end of the video, deemed legal, he still lifts the pivot before the ball is down.
Hurts so much watching American players

- Study Guide: Trinidad and Tobago’s Dual Transition: Kind: captions Language: en Trinidad and Tobago is facing a modern problem. Its citizens are living longer, but the cost of keeping them healthy is spiraling out of control. Over 80% of deaths are now caused by non-communicable diseases or NCDs, chronic conditions like diabetes, cancer, and heart disease. A major driver is physical inactivity with a stark gender divide. Nearly 35% of women fail to get minimum weekly exercise. The medical consequences of these habits are piling up fast. Right now, nearly 40% of the adult population carries three or more risk factors for these chronic diseases. Treating multi-morbid patients requires extremely expensive lifelong interventions like dialysis or surgical amputations. These out-of-pocket costs are rapidly draining the fixed-income pensions that retirees used to rely on. Older citizens are backed into a corner. With failing health and depleted savings, they have to find aggressive new ways to generate cash just to survive. The most immediate solution for many older homeowners is looking right under their own roofs, converting downstairs annexes or spare bedrooms into independent short-term rentals. This graphic compares the capital needed for new builds versus renovations. Constructing a modest new home costs over 1 million Trinidad and Tobago dollars, entirely excluding the cost of land. So, retirees are logically choosing to adapt the property they already own. But, subdividing a house introduces severe bureaucratic friction. Landlords have to secure separate utility connections, meaning formal applications, inspections, and deposits with T&TEC, the National Electricity Commission, and WASA, the Water Authority. Then, there are the physical construction hurdles. Creating a commercially viable unit requires heavy interior work with basic materials like durable tile and secure partitioning running up high per square foot costs. On top of that, making a rental legal requires a formal change of use permit from the Town and Country Planning Division or TCPD. These spatial regulations often force landlords to physically alter their property boundaries to fit mandatory parking spaces and wheelchair ramps. What starts as a simple plan for side income quickly becomes a grueling physical and financial gauntlet heavily ill-suited for an elderly demographic already dealing with chronic illness. At the exact same time, the government is looking at this booming undocumented shadow rental economy and stepping in to formalize it. This flowchart breaks down the new 2026 landlord business surcharge. It forces all landlords to pay a $2,500 registration fee, followed by a tax of either 2.5 or 3.5% on their gross rental income. The state is treating evasion seriously. Missing an audit termers massive financial penalties, and any unpaid balances are hit with a heavy 15% annual interest rate, even if the rent was collected in foreign currency through platforms like Airbnb. Macroeconomic analysts point out an obvious ripple effect. Landlords operating on thin margins will simply pass this new tax burden directly onto their tenants, making affordable housing even harder to find. For the aging homeowner, the grassroots conversion route becomes a trap. Their private asset is transformed into a highly regulated, constantly taxed commercial entity eating away at the exact profit margins they need to pay for their health care. Recognizing this pressure, the government is opening an alternative route for wealth generation, the 2026 state-sponsored real estate investment trust or REIT. This diagram shows how the state plans to pool high-value, underutilized government office buildings and commercial land into a single, professionally managed trust. Instead of buying physical land, ordinary citizens can purchase fractional shares of this trust on the national stock exchange. This offers a sharp contrast to the active hustle of landlording. Investors earn regular, inflation-resistant dividends without negotiating over parking spaces, applying for water permits, or managing difficult tenants. It solves a major problem for the state. By monetizing idle properties through public equity markets, the government raises vital capital for the national budget without taking on expensive international debt. For an aging population, the REIT acts as a necessary escape hatch. It provides a highly liquid, low-friction vehicle to secure retirement income without picking up a hammer or navigating endless red tape. Residential properties now function as liquid financial engines optimized to provide the monthly cash flow that traditional pensions can no longer guarantee. Linking this financial evolution back to the medical crisis reveals a hard truth. Institutionalizing this wealth is the only way citizens can afford the proactive lifestyle changes they need like participating in the TT Moves campaign to combat the obesity and inactivity shortening their lives. Ultimately, surviving the decades ahead requires this dual transition. The state and its citizens must extract dormant wealth from a newly formalized real estate market to fund the epidemiological defense of a vulnerable nation.

- Back to School: Understanding the Challenges Our At-Risk Children and Families Face: Kind: captions Language: en all right thank you betty and thank you to everybody who's tuned in today to uh with myself and then diana corner court you never get the last thing diana cory lawyer i'm sorry that's okay um executive director of national indian education association we've been talking um about trying to do some more projects uh webinars presentations together and so this is uh one of our first opportunities to actually do this since the pandemic started and as you some of you probably know both of our organizations have been doing a series of webinars about issues in the pandemic both in the education child welfare side so this is our first opportunity to actually bring those two areas together so i really appreciate having diana here she's got fantastic information and i've had the pleasure of working with her in other capacities over the years too so thank you diana so much for being here with us thank you uh we're going to uh you know this this topic is one that could be relevant at any time of year in any situation pandemic or not um but i think it really becomes even more critical as we start to look at um what is happening around the country you know when we start thinking about sort of what happened with schools and in child welfare and other social services after the beginning of the pandemic in march and kind of through the summer and now we're in a period where many kids are trying to go to school many of the social services programs have been trying to adapt to this new environment too and the court system so there's a lot of new information i think you'll hear today that is going to help you understand sort of how we're looking at this kind of intersection between education and child welfare and then also probably some information that have always been there but now are just a little bit more highlighted because of the pandemic so the way we're going to do this is we want us to be as engaged as possible so we're going to do a few slides we're going to stop we're going to look in the chat i've got both betty and amry from nikwa are going to be here to help us kind of pull the quest out of the chat and then we can kind of discuss those with you i know everybody's on mute so the chat is real box is really going to be your your primary way of communicating with us but we will talk and try and answer questions as much as possible we're also going to have a series of polls too at different places and i'll let you know when that's coming up as we go through this and there'll be resources that will be put into the chat box on our side too but i also encourage you if you know of resources uh that you plea please add those to the chat box too links are the easiest thing to add to the chat box but we i think you may i'm not sure but you may be able to possibly upload files too but links are certainly the easiest so um with that i think we'll move in here just a little bit but i want to give diana also an opportunity to sort of uh welcome you as well thank you welcome everybody and this is very exciting as uh i watched the participant number grow to right now it's at 126. uh this is amazing in my world that means 126 people are dedicating their time to sit on this webinar and so i humbly say thank you and uh giving your valuable time to sit with us and listen and as much appreciated uh echoing what david said this is something that we've actually talked about for several years now the intersectionality between social work child welfare and our education systems right now the two systems don't typically communicate it's very rare where you see a a a very well connected very supportive either psychologist social worker a tribal program that really supports the students in the school system in the school building um this pandemic has taught us a lot has really uncovered a lot of our gaps and some of our deficiencies in in our communities are urban areas as well as our tribal communities and in not using our assets the way that we should and our assets are ourselves and our programs so i i hope you learn you walk away today with like david said some variable valuable assets but also an understanding of how you can start working in your school system and supporting those students that are in that k-12 space of learning and not waiting until they they leave that school building so thank you again and i will turn it back over to david thank you diana i think as i'm getting ready to go here i'm noticing a few of the in the chat box that some people are asking questions about some of the functions on your screen so because we're in webinar mode some of the functions that heard about earlier from betty may not be available to you they'll be more of a reduced number of functions um we'll certainly take note of that for future webinars but we just want to make sure that you know that that doesn't necessarily mean that there's something wrong with your your zoom screen or your app or something like that so we'll go ahead we're and move forward next slide thank you so our agenda is pretty basic we want to talk a little bit just you know basic background about some of the pandemic realities for families especially those who are at risk of child abuse and neglect we would then want to pivot to talking a little bit about trauma risk factors for child maltreatment and then also protective factors to the things that protect children uh and youth from actually becoming victims of child abuse or neglect we also have i'm going to spend some time talking about some of what the challenges and the adaptations look like at the educational side in schools around the country both tribally operated schools and other schools where native students are and then we want to move into talking towards the end here about models of cooperation and support examples of what different school systems social work systems are doing to try and meet the needs and and hopefully fill some of the gaps that are out there and you'll see we have we're hoping to have a little bit of time for discussion at the end we are though going to pause occasionally like i said earlier to catch up uh look at the what's been put into the chat and take some time so we won't wait all the way to the end to have that discussion as we go through next slide please i think betty covered a little bit of this but you're all going to be on mute during the webinar you can still use the chat box to ask questions post resources things like that but um we're gonna you're not gonna be able to speak uh because you'll be on mute i'm gonna pause as i said before after uh a set of different sets of slides and we'll have some answering opportunity to answer questions in the chat box this is a 90 minute long webinar it is going to be it's being recorded and it's going to be available for viewing later on nick was website um covet 19 resources so just so that you'll know about that and you'll see a contact information for each of our us and you saw on the title slide at the beginning and also at the end of the webinar in case you didn't get it at the beginning okay betty is there anything i missed on on the logistics okay all right so the realities for our tribal families um are similar to what other populations may experience but they do differ in in some important ways too so we've been in this uh the kind of the i'll call the the quarantine or shelter at home state now for quite some time since the middle of march uh and so we're coming to the end of the year and will likely be in this place for quite a while because even with a vaccine we're not going to see that widely available probably until 2021 so both tribes and urban indian communities are having to figure out different ways to try and address these issues tribal families are also caught in the middle here trying to figure out so early in some places we saw that there were shelter at home orders on some reservations also in some states and we found is that there are some families that are better equipped to shelter at home than others so if you can imagine you probably know some of these families some families have readily available transportation um they had more opportunity and helped to gather food they had more support in their homes and they also were able to work from home some of them were too so they didn't have to worry about the infection rate being as big an issue for them as it is for other families but certainly during this time meeting the basic needs for all families has become more challenging and we think about housing and transportation and food and utilities health care access all of these are areas where we know that families are feeling more stress in trying to meet these issues and as with that stress if you can imagine too that that stress is building too because we've been as we've seen with the pandemic we've gone through different periods where the infection rates were at different levels and then the policies and the opportunities to get your basic needs can change too so um it's been kind of an uphill battle but it's also it's also been kind of a roller coaster in many areas um because in a pandemic you know we have to limit our exposure to the virus a lot of what we do in our lives is what is even more dependent now on our access to knowledge to technology and our ability to use technology so just in social work you know in child welfare a lot of the work that social workers would have done to go out to homes directly to provide to do assessments or provide supporting services that has had to change because of the concerns around the coronavirus uh and so we've been trying to work with family see people trying to work with families using technology more often it's not perfect and then what we're finding is that isn't just about getting the technology in the hands of people but it's about whether there's access to you know in some places we don't even have cell phone coverage so and the ability to use technology especially if you haven't had technology in your home or are available to you is also another issue and so how do you get more support for that your ability to use it and use it successfully so a few other things that we've also can point to as part of the pandemic reality uh is that child care provider resources have diminished and we can see this across the board both in urban areas and in more rural and reservation areas too so that poses some unique challenges for people who are trying to stay employed who may have who may need child care it's a it's definitely a one of the issues that i think is on the top of many people's minds employment has changed for some people they've been some of the people we know some of the families have not had employment since march or april because of the pandemic losing their opportunity to make a living and have been relying heavily on other kinds of assistance that tribal or state governments can provide schools closed early in the pandemic of course and then as we saw that shift you know over the summer there were sort of some gaps where there wasn't the same kind of summer school offerings and then now we're in a stage where people are trying to get kids back in school using different models as well and access to regular and preventive health care has also decreased during this time it's gotten better since the beginning of the pandemic but it's still not the same as it was prior to the pandemic and interestingly we've seen we saw starting in about april fairly significant drops in the report reports of child abuse and neglect that were happening usually and this continued throughout the summer now since schools have been going back and there's been some opening up in different areas we're seeing that those reports are are climbing again back to somewhere closer to the rates that we saw before but there are a lot of questions about um what that the drops meant over the summer uh in the early in the late spring and then court hearings are postponed uh many in child welfare the court system provides a lot of the judicial determinations that determine some things like what kind of services you're going to get whether you get your children back uh at a certain time what other kinds of resources are available and so it's a very important function in the court also have struggled to get back up to kind of speed uh following the beginning of the pandemic and maybe as important as almost any of this is the informal supports in our communities are harder to access for families and i'm talking about extended family members and other people in our communities um spiritual people who and their ability to go to ceremony is certainly being impacted these are things that are really important to the well-being of people um diana i want to i've shared a little bit here but i know you've got some thoughts on some of these things too as well i just want to echo what you've said because of the this the school system whether you're in an urban or tribal setting that school building the system the people that's a huge support and safe space for a lot of our students it's food security it's physical security it's warmth it's access and we have taken that away for all communities in the summertime the late spring and summer and now a lot of the communities opened up and they're having to shut back down again as we think about the basic needs of our kids of our children of our young adults and we've taken that away and i think we've all grown accustomed to what that school building means to us and what that system means to us and how it does support our children with the breakfast lunch and maybe a snack to go home in the evening in my community in pine ridge that school building is not just a building but it's also an extended family and now you don't have so this is just it's it's frustrating to sit behind a laptop behind a computer doing a job that you hope is making a difference but you know there are so many kids that they're lost and confused and worried and concerned and afraid as well as our adults so what can we do what is the answer and you know what i've learned from nikwa and what i've learned through our partnership are let's lean upon those assets that you were talking about let's determine and figure out collectively what our communities actually can do to support our children and themselves and start healing thank you diana i'd echo that too i think that you know even in before that we were um as diana mentioned you know child certainly could have had areas for growth and improvement in terms of the collaboration i think during the pandemic what we've seen is is that families because of the increased stress uh are spending even more on places like schools which are the hubs in many in many communities uh you don't just get you know education at schools you get a lot of other things from your school systems uh as well so those things have become maybe harder to get to and and maybe the fan sure the families have seen that there have been um some erosion and even the end gaps that were not there before that have increased so we're certainly understanding that which is one of the reasons why we're doing this as well today next slide please are you seeing the next slide uh not yet no here he is thank you this is a delayed reaction that's all um so one of the things i wanted to share a little bit of information about i know a lot of you on this webinar probably have already been exposed to information uh about trauma working with families who are have experienced trauma but i thought it was worth going back over and just thinking about it in terms of the pandemic too and how this uh how this really interrelates so we know that the families are experiencing greater stress at this time and most especially those families who are at risk for child abuse and neglect i mean almost without exception those are families that have experienced some form of trauma in their lives previously and oftentimes it hasn't been addressed or resolved so they're dealing with unresolved trauma it could be complex it could be chronic um and it's going in and if you've ever worked with people or seen people who have unresolved trauma you know that they're often anxious they're often very worried about so the future and things that are even things that are not under their control and they can get triggered easily and they don't have the same kind of coping skills to deal with stressful situations and sometimes even things that wouldn't be stressful for you and i can be extremely stressful for them so we have to recognize that in our communities even though we're not seeing as often as we did before um that that doesn't mean that people aren't still experiencing those those kinds of triggers uh at home and in other ways so this you know social isolation for instance is not a friend to uh is trauma is not a friend to those kinds of situations where people are socially isolated next slide please so there's a a number of different kinds of trauma but certainly in indian country we know uh historical trauma is a is as it's um experienced across the board uh it's the kind of cumulative trauma that is wounds people over generations and then we talk about you know with historical trauma oftentimes what we see is intergenerational trauma uh too and that unresolved grief that comes from that trauma can be passed down from one generation to the next so this is one of the important things about the science of trauma is is that maybe just 20 years ago we weren't sure we didn't know for a fact whether trauma was actually passed down from p person to person was it more behavioral but now we have the science the information to let us know that it can actually be passed from people uh just without having to be learned or experienced directly and so that means that we have to assume that when we're working especially with families who have risk for child abuse or neglect and other kinds of serious stressors in their lives that that historical trauma could often play a role in the stress that they're feeling too so it isn't just the pandemic and what's currently going on it could be this historical trauma as well so what are some of the effects of trauma what does it look like well if it can it can it can show itself in a number of different ways uh it can include people who have over um developed sense of guilt helplessness people who want are withdrawing and think about that we talked about social isolation a little earlier about people who are even further withdrawn and it's easier to do certainly during a pandemic people who are taking risks that are not healthy for them high levels of mistrust and social anxiety too so you can imagine trying to put some of these things together what what do we know about the pandemic what is that what are some of the stressors that come just from the pandemic well what are people are already feeling a sense of helplessness about the pandemic and of course if you're socially isolated you're feeling withdrawn from all of the normal kind of connections and relationships that you have it's not the same it's it's better than nothing but it's not the same to be talking to somebody over facebook as it is to be in there in their presence of course and then the risk taking which is of which we see in families who have these uh child abuse neglect well that could even be um even come on as a stronger component of and i get you know of course we get concerned about thinking about how if mistrust is also a part of the trump trauma response how is that going to will that interfere with the ability for people to ask for or receive help that's another question of we have so there's a lot of a lot of the things that we see in trauma response are also going to be things that we're seeing in just anybody's response to some of um and concerns about just the pandemic what our environment is like for us today now trauma at a young age can often lead to higher rates of mental or behavioral health disorders and adolescents it doesn't mean it always does but it can we're going to talk about protective factors later which can help protect people from these kinds of things especially young people but we want to be we want to recognize that the trauma that we're dealing that people are feeling right now is the kind we need to find ways to be able to tap into resources for our our our families especially those who are uh socially isolated and who don't have the same kinds of protective factors and opportunities that others have so um you know the earlier we can intervene the better off we will be of course in these situations okay i wanted to i think we i um i was going to do this a little earlier but i think i'll do it now and i think we have a couple of polls betty that we want to put up so here in the first question in case you're not able to see this that poll is asking in your position your current position do you work with families that are involved with schools and child welfare agencies i'll take some time here to let people record their responses the other thing i would mention about trauma is is that while it seems a little doom and gloom maybe there are people can with help be able to find ways to address and resolve even complex trauma that they've experienced and our brains can do this we can find ways to compartmentalize it and to be able to cope with it and develop coping skills of course we need some supports and services so it's not all doom and gloom with help trauma can be addressed successfully and people can actually live relatively well lives going forward too let's see betty do we have almost do you think we have everybody that's gonna vote okay it looks like we had about we have about almost 90 percent of the people on our in the webinar today have in their position uh they're working with schools and child welfare agencies so high correlation there let's go on to our next poll please in this uh in this poll we the question is in your current position do you feel you could use more help from either schools or trial welfare agencies so we're asked the questions asking about whatever whether you work in schools or child welfare agencies or whatever your position is do you think you could use a little bit more help from the from maybe some of those yeah the polls are the votes are coming in okay i think we're i think we're about there betty looks like very similar results we have about 90 percent who said yes they could actually use some more help from either schools or child welfare agencies in their current position okay thank you go back to the slide now you want to close the pool okay so what does trauma look like in indian country so we know that in indian country based on historic trauma and other um exposure to trauma that there are still high rates of trauma today experience both in childhood and adulthood and cultural trauma emanates from events that leave an indelible mark collectively and individually so cultural trauma we're talking about the oppression um the marginalization of native peoples and their culture too and of course when we get to talking a little bit about protective factors we're going to hear about how important culture is in helping protect young people from um taking you know from risk-taking that isn't healthy for and we also know that this trauma the historical trauma the intergenerational trauma uh is something that's uh is passed down from one generation to the other and it's related to not just those actions directly some people think about trauma they think about if i were you know somebody gets hit or hurt somebody like personally um but it's also emotionally based too so thinking about the loss of people around you the land and the culture all of these things um can contribute to that sense of historical trauma is the which is that emotional and psychologically psychological wounding over time what slide is this right now is this nine betting i can't see the slide numbers um i can't either so okay all right i'll just i'll uh i'll just go through this slide and then i'm gonna do another poll david it's slide 10 is it okay yeah but i think it's nine according to your uh yeah perfect yep so i wanted to um share this slide this is more this is more of a graph of course as you can see it's more of a kind of a depiction of sort of the cycle of trauma and how it can operate uh within individuals and communities and families so you see that the historic trauma sort of starting at the top of the right hand um in this one we're mentioning one kind of uh historic trauma which was the boarding school placements uh the out of home placements that occurred over a period of about a hundred years actually from the mid to late 1800s all the way into the 1960s before the nhl welfare act was passed and that kind of historic trauma as i've listened to some elders talk about it it was the kind of trauma that was every day every week in the community if you can imagine um you know we know that about 50 of the children who were placed in boarding schools uh actually didn't return home from those boarding schools they lost their lives we know that the trauma that was there was a regular part of in a regular part of the community life in those in for many many many generations so thinking about some of the victims abuse their loss their trauma when you remove large numbers of kids from their families over generations the other thing you do is you lose parenting that creates additional risk um that parents uh new parents won't have the same resources or connections to know how to be able to parent always all of us learn to parent usually from our families from others around us in the community and if you remove people from those resources from those connections you're gonna you're gonna so you're gonna start to see some breakdown and parenting skills too so as you kind of move around what's important here is you can start to see how the trauma manifests itself not just from an individual but to a collective experience and it becomes after a while more complex trauma uh the kind of trauma that is more to address still can be addressed but is more challenging and is more pervasive and as we see these things we can it explains a little bit of how we're seeing trauma now in tribal communities especially with at-risk families and why we have more at-risk families than there probably should be so it isn't i've had i've heard some people say well what about what's happening now i say well you have to understand what's happening now you have to understand what happened before too so it's important to have sort of that understanding of trauma as well and how it relates to the current situations and stressors that families are feeling during this i would like to go to the our third poll now if we could please i'll read this one at slough too do you feel the system you work within understands trauma and how it impacts the children and families you work with so do you feel the system you work with within you work within understands trauma and how it impacts children and families you work with the responses are you have three choices you have it's absolutely mostly and last is somewhat diana do you have anything that you would like to share about sort of like how uh at nia how do you think about trauma education yeah excuse me i want to just again echo it's the same you know the cycle and the types of traumas is the same thing that we in nia and our students this is what they're suffering with and this is what their parents are suffering with or their uh their guardians suffer with and so it is this cycle it's cyclical and when trauma this everyday trauma that historically we we're inter-generational historical it's part of unfortunately of who we are but now you've added the trauma of a pandemic of this illness personally i've lost a lot of relatives and haven't been able to go to their services because the reservation is on a lockdown and so i can't get in so that's trauma you know i'm here i am sitting in the city at my home working every day knowing that i can't go to a relative's funeral that's trauma and this trauma is going to be long lasting and when you send children back into a school building that was shut down some of our school buildings were shut down one day you're at school the next day you didn't return so that's trauma this fear of i'm gonna get sick and die because i've watched relatives friends community members get sick and die or whatever the rhetoric is and the communication on tv and and on social media uh depends on where you live you know folks in navajo nation are probably hearing it daily you know 100 times a day they hear how bad this pandemic is for their community and then there's other communities that don't have it as bad so those those children are not um it's bombarding them every day every day every day of of this fear and so now our children are having to go back to school some of them with fear with uh concern we had um we hosted several trauma webinars in the summertime to support the educators and the staff members and the community members to help our kids and we heard a lot of our our attendees talk about the fear that children have to come back to school and when they leave home are their relatives going to die because they're going to bring kovid back to the to the house so i know you got to pull up and you want to respond to that but these are things that we're we're having to talk about as well in the classroom thank you for sharing that perspective diana i would um one you know trauma is like uh you know it goes with you wherever you go you can't just leave it uh behind somewhere or compartmentalize it easily without some support and help and there are you know our children are in schools or our families are you know together doing other things you know it's it's in the background and we want you know we bring up the issue of trauma here in this webinar because it's important to understand you know what our where our families are at today uh not all of the the families you know if we have to take an individualized look at this not all families have the same kind of trauma or the same levels of trauma resolved or unresolved um but we we need to understand that in order to develop as many of you probably heard what we call trauma-informed responses so that means a lot of things uh and i don't think it's especially well designed um defined anywhere but it does it's in its information that tells us that we have to look at our families differently that we can't just assume that they have that they have similar experiences or similar kinds of trauma or ex lived experience so of course we need to look at that individually the other thing we need to do is think about not just how do we individually work with children and families but how do our systems respond because we need system responses because that's what you know if we did everything just by one family at a time it would it would be really hard to do that so we need a system that supports the best work that we can do and certainly and i'm sure in schools you can we can't expect teachers to be therapists that's not going to work so we've got to figure out ways to do that or later in our presentation we're going to talk about what are some of the more interesting kind of creative ways that this these issues are being dealt with um because going back to our poll we had it very interesting about uh 42 said that they thought the their system and their understanding of trauma was somewhat good in other words it just they had somewhat uh about 34 said mostly they understand trauma and how it impacts children and 24 said absolutely they understand trauma and how it impacts so it's it's so it's almost a third or third a third so that's interesting so it tells us maybe at least with our audience today that there's still definitely more room for growth here and to understand and be able to create a better understanding about trauma and how it affects our families i'm going to say just a little bit about i don't want to spend too much time on this but a little bit about risk factors for child maltreatment uh and when i talk about risk factors i mean it doesn't mean that if you have any of these in your family that you're going to abuse a child or neglected child it only means that these are things that create more risk that that could possibly happen there are lots of families who live in poverty or have family stress other issues that don't don't experience child abuse or neglect but these are the things that we know that are often tied to families who have so for instance we've got a number of different things now if i'm thinking about this with my pandemic glasses on what i would see is is that if more people have lost their jobs well then that would be increase on stress related to and possibly ex low-income unemployment those are conditions of poverty social isolation definitely part of the covet experience family stress of course substance abuse and mental health issues so in child welfare there we are we're always working with families who have experienced trauma it doesn't matter whether they're native or non-native families in child welfare have tried common experience of having experienced trauma and what people do with the trauma to try and cope with it is when we start to see the risk taking like using substances and then other kinds of risky taking behavior so when we're trying to address the things that com when we see families whether they be in the education system and children are acting out in a classroom or we see family members parents who are abusing substances and not providing safety to their children just trying to address the substance abuse by itself is not going to get us to a long-term solution so when we talk about trauma and form we mean providing some addressing the trauma that whatever the trauma is that those family members are dealing with and also the things that are the out or the coping mechanisms and the manifestations of that trauma like mental health issues substance abuse but you can see here there are no these are some of the common risk factors again careful these aren't just because people have these in their home in their home or in their lives doesn't mean that they're going to abuse their children or neglect them but it does it does point to some of the concerns around the pandemic too because we can see that there is less information available not more information about parenting and child development than there was before and then there are also just the struggles of trying to deal with gaps in education transportation basic needs of things so stress is definitely up as well next slide please and david i just want to give you a quick uh time reminder we have about 25 minutes until our q a is scheduled great thanks uh one other thing i wanted to talk just a little bit about is there's an over-representation of american inaudible children in child welfare care uh and a lot of times you know the overwhelming reason that native children are in care is related to neglect not not child physical like child abuse and the neglect is often related to conditions of living in poverty poor housing poor educational access untreated mental health issues things like that are mentioned here and and this is important to also know that these are considered structural barriers so structural barriers are things that family members on their own can't do anything about and so when we think about some of the risks that families have in the indian country for child abuse or neglect a lot of times it comes from things that they don't have control over and so the ability to be able to address those issues really has a lot to do with the ability of systems to change and to create equity and more opportunity for native people it's not and so that structural barriers are the concern in a lot of cases so it's a structural barrier means essentially you have a disadvantage compared to other people who don't have that barrier and you see here just some of what i just mentioned er but the question i really ask are these problems that families can solve by themselves i don't think so so that's definitely why we need to be involved in trying to find the new solutions to before i get into protective factors i wanted to see were there any questions in the chat that we wanted to respond to hi david this is amree i think let's hold any questions for now just because there aren't very many but if you do have questions please feel free to put them into the chat there's some good conversations between um i'm some panelists but yes let's uh just hang on tight for a few of those okay great uh protective factors are the things that can help us avoid kind of negative influences and behaviors and so you'll have you'll see some of the indicators or protective factors here and you know in a time of a pandemic some of these are going to be the access to these are going to be more limited but nonetheless these are some of the most important kinds of things now you'll notice that in this list of protective factors you don't see like programs you know like you know specific family service programs and things like that mentioned it's not that those things wouldn't be helpful too but this is really talking about trying to be proactive trying to have sort of a preventive measure that can actually help protect people before they get involved in the things that could be negative influences and behaviors and so the question is how do we help promote protective factors during a time of the how do we help people um be able to still practice their spiritual religious ceremonies how do we help people be able to still have contact with those positive peer groups and supportive adults in and how do we help people with the cultural connections that they have speaking their language being able to practice and participate in cultural activities those are all things that are important to help protecting so can you go to the next slide please uh go ahead and hit the neck hit the button again there's some lines that'll come up here on this slide i'll show some there we go so what you'll see here is uh neha is native american youth association uh it's an organization here in uh in portland oregon uh it had they have a school and they also have uh family services and other things well we did nikwa did some work with them a few years back and we looked at the um the connections between those protective factors and the uh youth uh the ability to avoid negative kind of behaviors and influences and you'll see on the left hand side are a lot of these protective factors that came that jumped out at us you know community mindedness positive cultural identity school belongingness reduced perceived discrimination hope spirituality and positive relationships with adults and so what did those what happened is when you had these present in a young native teenagers and youth is that you saw lower depression lower use of alcohol increased school belongingness anti-drug adherence increased physical activity and consistent use of birth control and increased hopefulness and increased levels of employment so it was connected these positive these protective factors were correlated to the ability to reduce behaviors in their lives and this is important research i mean they've read others that have done research and you'll see in the chat box there's some um there's some resources around this um but the we can't over emphasize the use of protective factors in schools and in our communities and many different places to be able to help protect not just relying on services but actually having um the ability for and so during the pandemic that's one of the big questions we have is how do we increase the ability of young people to be able to get connected to these protective factors now i'm going to turn it over to diana who's going to talk a little bit about some of the things that they're seeing in uh schools thank you david um not to i feel like be laboring the same conversation but as school started closing in march late march early april uh like i said a lot of tribal communities were put into panic again a school building the the system is a safe place it provides this food security it provides um warmth for some folks dry some of our kids can do their laundry at the facility you have the boarding facilities where you again safe three meals um you knew you had a place to go to sleep you knew you had a place to go and learn you had internet and all of a sudden bam that's taken away and it's gone so schools closing down out of panic very little guidance no resources no next steps there wasn't a policy that i'm aware of in any of our schools whether it's an urban or a tribal bie school of how to close down and prepare for a pandemic we are not uh collectively as native people kind of a um prepare for the worst group of folks so we shut schools down and we had no clue of what the next steps were going to be a lot of our tribal schools look to state and local districts specifically i heard from communities in new mexico and arizona panic didn't know what to do didn't know how to communicate push out communications and to ensure that that students were still gonna have access to some type of technology and how they were going to continue to learn so we had a lot of folks depending upon the state departments of education which were very helpful and supportive schools and tribal communities took opportunity to teach their cultural ways at this time so you're not able to teach the western way this academic heavy academic focus because the the systems were taken away and you didn't have to evaluate and there were no following of standards at this time so a lot of our tribal communities took advantage of this and they still are and they're they're focusing on their cultural ways and bringing back cultural practices and language a lot of our communities turned their buses into what we call the breakfast lunch wagons and they still had all of their dollars for lunch breakfast lunch and afternoon snacks so the the lunch ladies the staff they band together and created these meals and then delivered them in the morning the afternoon and later in the snacks snack time they created hot spots on these buses and parked them in the communities parked them within the housings um aimed the mobile hot spots once teachers were able to figure out how to deliver some kind of a lesson they had to quickly create worksheets and activities to deliver to homes so some of our smaller communities i know several pueblo relatives called in or reached out to nia and said this is what we're doing and here's some worksheets that i'd like to share so we do have them hanging on our website we have some digital resources lesson plans and activities on our website and the link for this information will be put in the chat um so folks creating whatever they could you know teachers banning together but parents also being able to step up and involve and support not just their kids but their kids in their community we heard overwhelmingly during our trauma trainings or trauma informed trainings that we hosted the summertime professionals the the school professionals whether you were a faculty a school leader a school board a school staff you were feeling overwhelmed you were feeling anxious you were feeling lost you were feeling helpless what can we do to support our kids um and i know there was a few questions in the chat box about now what um here we are in some of our communities where in that second wave of of positive covet cases and now what now we're having to start this all over again [Music] i i wish again i had the solution and i had all the answers all i can say is we have resources on our website we have trauma trauma informed trainings on our website you could also hire nia and nicqa has resources as well to provide some some webinars some support and some professional development next slide as schools begin reopening whether it was uh the beginning of the school year or they're closing down and they're going to have to reopen again they've all put in place screening how to screen at home and then how to screen when the kids enter into the school the students as well as the school staff what does physical distancing look like and what are the cleaning procedures physical distancing is is uh personally i thought it was kind of funny in indian country we don't know how to physically distance ourselves culturally and if you think about our babies our little ones they love to hug and they love to hold hands and they love to sit next to uh their relatives grandmas and grandpas and their aunties and their uncles who are teaching them how do you push away a child and say no you can't get close to me it just doesn't work that way so a lot of our our our tribally controlled schools uh had to create their own ways of communicating with our children with these little ones and explain in their own manner how to what does social distance mean it doesn't mean i don't love you it doesn't mean i don't want to hug you but let's stay this far apart let's wear our mask so a lot of our communities too were making their own masks and creating identity helping students have their own identity using their face coverings what does hand senate hand hygiene look like every day what does a ppe need this is a new term that a lot of our even a lot of our students know what personal protective equipment means we have we had some schools that built they took clear shower curtains in the high school and they built coverings around their desks with clear shower curtains and they hung the shower curtains from the ceiling so that the students could still come to class still sit at their desk and have have the ability to sit and learn and then how to return to school after an illness what's the protocol in our communities being so small if you are covet positive everyone knows your cohort positive so how to push out this kind of communication so that it's not harmful it's not harmful to the student who's positive and it's not harmful to their family we can't continue to treat this disease this pandemic like leprosy they're still our relatives they're still students they still have feelings so we have pushed out resources but part of that is being respectful and mindful of communication and how are you pushing out if there is a positive case in your school that you're not calling out a family or a student any questions diana i was wondering um you did a really good job of just sort of describing what the kind of environment is like at schools and you know how families are having to kind of in school administrators and teachers are having a deal do you have some examples or um of what schools are doing i mean realizing that some families are more stressed than others around this stuff and what schools are doing to support yeah to try and help support or help identify you know families we know that some of the families who are feeling the most support are always the ones that are going to knock on our door or call us on the phone either well it depends on the school uh i would say some of the schools that we're hearing from that are having success they have a parent or a school community liaison and these are usually one to two people most often they're in schools that are smaller the the community are smaller they serve a smaller population mostly tribally controlled or public school on a reservation and their liaison is able to reach out you know reach out to all parents to make sure that connectivity is being is being offered if they don't have the connectivity meaning they don't have internet in their home how do we get them a voucher that was another summer time opportunity working with the cares act and some of the other federal legislation was pushing out opportunities for tribal communities to give vouchers were working with their local internet company to ensure that internet was free through the summertime and then maybe discounted in the school time the school year i just lost my train of thought oh teachers are having to be turned into a few teachers are having to be turned into uh that extra step of a counselor in reaching out not just to their students on an academic basis but reaching out to their to their relatives that are taking care of them so building in five or ten minutes of your online zoom conversation to say where's your relative where's your mom your dad your whoever's taking care of your guardian put them on and let's find out what's what's going on in the household how's everything doing not again not gonna report you not um you know being nosy but truly caring for um what's happening in the household and and not because you want this kid to you know be the best academically but because we all need to care for each other right now so a lot of teachers again had to transition really transition into i'm a teacher or i'm an educator now i need to be a pseudo social worker to in to ensure those services that are needed are getting provided and you're right we don't usually ask for help we don't uh we don't want to show our deficiencies but we are more than likely to sit there and complain about our deficiencies so we just need to make sure that our schools understand and know all of our schools like i said even our public schools in urban areas that we have families that are just in such need and they're not going to reach out to us we need to reach out to them and find out you know how else can we serve in our larger urban populations here in oklahoma city tulsa the indian education programs have transitioned their their activities their lesson plans that they offer for after school and they've transitioned those to digital and they have stepped up and started reaching out to the indian that they serve with those title six dollars the indian education dollars so again another asset and another layer of support that's great dude can you um diana are you can you think of some particular trainings or things that teachers of educators are thinking about especially during this time of pandemic that would be helpful to them or they're trying to pursue yes trauma informed trauma informed trauma informed trauma informed and it's not just a space of understanding but it's a space of knowledge learning understanding and then implementing what does trauma informed mean to a teacher in a classroom what does it mean to know that potentially all of your students whether it's historical trauma intergenerational trauma or the trauma of this pandemic what does that look what do behaviors look like of a student of a child that is suffering through is it lack of communication is it outburst is it anger is it um you know hurting and cutting yourself or someone else so what does trauma look like and then that next step how do we counter that how do we as educators support a student who's having a meltdown a literal meltdown falling on the ground screaming crying throwing things that's not just an angry kid that's not just a a child who you can yell at and say calm down that's trauma and so what does that trauma look like and then how do you support us how do you support a one of your students so that we offer that kind of training at niea that's also the type of training i encourage even social workers even anyone who's on this um webinar to reach out and and look for our educators are also looking for how to transition to digital learning how do you take a printed or written lesson plan and transition that to digital learning when you're standing in front of a classroom you are a teacher centered classroom you're delivering the information the student is taking it in online you've got to transition your kids to be student inquiry if they've got to have the drive and the initiative so your lesson plan and the way you deliver the information has to change that's another professional development that nia offers yeah i think we're in seeing in the chat box people are picking up on some of the things that you're talking about and you know we might assume that because people are educators that this digital transition would be uh wouldn't be a problem right that it would be simple because you would have all those you would already know how to do this but i think what we're seeing here in the chat box and other places is that it is a it's a much bigger and we probably realized in some cases and it requires different kinds of skill sets for all of us i was thinking about the traditional model of a school where you would have you know teachers and educators and administrators you know operating the school doing classroom other outside activities um bringing in resources like you might have a school social worker who would work with families and the and the children and youth um of course all that's been disrupted now thinking about how we can bring those same kinds of supports but different way uh so that we're not getting people behind i guess that's what i'm thinking about so just real quick i want to respond to some of these the the chat comments before we move beyond this conversation you can't um you're right david this transition is thrown everybody off right especially educators educators are taught in systems pre-service teacher systems they don't teach how to teach digitally they don't teach how to keep a student engaged those aren't those aren't basic um pedagogies or strategies that you get in your teacher training it just most of them don't exist and we have um the average age of our teachers of our educators that are working with our i went through the system so long ago that i i still didn't know how to keep a student engaged so one of the questions is you know high school dropouts how do you keep students engaged how do you teach inquiry student inquiry student evaluation engagement those are strategies are considered pedagogies that you as a teacher have to even shift the way you teach so project based learning uh placed based learning those are processes that our educators that our teachers have to begin adopting um and and i'm not telling you i feel like i'm not telling any of any the attendees something they don't already know but i know the next question was how well then how do we do that and it's through professional developments and it's through not just one one-hour webinar it's through multiple webinars it's through multiple professional development opportunities once you learn information you've got to practice it in your classroom you've got to practice it with your students and then continue to do professional development and that's what nia offers as well thank you i see thank you diana you see we have a question here about i'll just read it out says the pandemic has really highlighted how important mental health services are in schools this was true before the pandemic and will continue to be true what are the barriers that need to be addressed to increase access to mental health supports in schools and he mentions both promotion and uh prevention as well as treatment first and foremost well first and foremost we need to get mental health in schools if you look at her if you look at our majority whether it's a majority the public schools that serve a high native population or if you look at our tribally controlled schools and our bureau operated and funded we don't have the type of mental health and supports that our students need we just talked about the amount of trauma that our kids and our families suffer through what we go to a classroom and what what do we bring to the table and then when you look at our mental health supports and i'm going to call out my own school my own community school you only have you know a hand four four social service staff i think we have one psychologist on staff in the community that i'm from and but you're talking about 1100 or so students that that need services of some kind so i i think one of the the first step is getting mental health services adequately funded have the proper amount of qualified effectively trained staff members in these schools that's the first beginning in having in the school not a support system that's on the outside that's excellent i i would add just a little bit to what you said diane and i certainly agree with that that even you know whether it's child welfare and the resources they have or mental or behavioral health and resources they have even if they aren't you know can't be physically located right in the schools uh we it seems like it would really be helpful if we had more um the kind of collaboration that was very intentional uh that where we had between all of the helping agencies um in terms of what we're trying to do with children and families and some agreement about um the about the ways that we could work together that means sharing data you know sometimes i hear not fairly often about people concerned like oh it's a hipaa violation i can't share any information with you about this person um and i think sometimes we don't understand hipaa and we give it maybe um we we broaden its requirements more than we need to we can share information we can develop agreements to share information we can certainly be in better communication with each other working being very intentional about our collaboration together so that we know that we're on the same team uh having identifying our goals what we want to do with kids and families so even in i think a pandemic environment i see that there are opportunities and i see this with friends that we're working with who are thinking about how they can bring those helping systems into the schools even through virtual means to be a part of that i wanted to recognize um patsy whitefoot who's somebody i've known for a long time has been very helpful to me here in the northwest she's mentioning as one example and you see part of it down here on the slide they're they're um they've been working with the washington state education indian education office and they're going to do statewide parent forums they did one already it looks like on september 30th they're going to do another one these are just for native parents next one's going to be december 2nd i wasn't able to find the links to patty so if you have those please throw them up in the chat but they're going to be actually intentionally reaching out to parents working with schools to figure out how can we get more of those kind of supports to families so i don't want to think um we have it looks like about nine minutes left um diana i know you do if you have some additional examples of what's tribal schools or other schools are doing that'd be great i've got a couple things here that i could go through really fast uh or or leave to later but i want to give you that opportunity as well go ahead i think the the the positive state level uh is good focus okay um could we go back to the slide before please thank you so these are things i picked up just by talking to really smart people like diana and patsy and others and um so in minnesota the governor issued an emergency order it had it had a lot of things in it about the pandemic um but they a couple things i picked up on i thought were really smart one was there they've strongly discouraged schools from referring students to truancy programs well that's a big issue you know we've got in this virtual world how do you take uh how do you determine whether people are in attendance or not and i've heard some um just in my own kind of friend group and things i've heard some interesting stories about how that gets done in different schools and how it can really for especially for some kids with special needs can be a real barrier um so anyway here saying that in this situation the governor's just essentially saying we don't need to be penalizing students and families uh for truancy right now and reporting them to for educational neglect we need to be trying as diana said this is a time to support and care for our families and our kids so and he also added to that he recognized that you need we need to call upon schools to improve mental health services as well uh in washington i mentioned earlier what some of that they're doing they're trying to hold these conversations and they're trying to to bring in some cultural activities and information opportunities on the protective factors right into two native families too and they're working in conjunction with the washington's edu state education system and some and then also the advisory committee and alliance too so i think i really think these are interesting examples of what people are doing out there to try and bring this kind of information to try and plug some of the gaps we have maine the reason that maine is up here is because i watched a webinar about an hour and a half webinar where this state education association our state education director and the child welfare director came together and did a presentation a little bit like what we're doing but they were talking mostly just about the things that they were doing in maine recognizing that they're a state that is very rural they have a lot of tribal families a lot of families who are at risk in general and the pandemic was certainly making it worse and so they said that one of the first things they recognized is that because of the pandemic itself they said previously we kind of in our schools we kind of knew who the at-risk kids and families are the kids with special needs but the cohort but there's been a new group of families that weren't necessarily part of that at-risk group we knew of already who are are we're finding out more about and who have needs some of them are coming forward some of them aren't so some of the assumptions before about knowing who needs help and who doesn't they said they had to rethink some of that because of the pandemic um they also were struggling they said they had places where they had no cell connectivity at all much less broadband and things like that they worked through their public television networks um i know most tribal communities don't have television networks but it got me thinking about tribal radio stations many tribal communities have radio stations and i wondered if there was any opportunity for trying to make use utilize those to be able to help with educational and other kinds of needs and then we have they they really looked at their workforce and they recognized that they needed to know a lot more about uh what child abuse and neglect looks like and how to deal with it in this current pandemic how to work with families how to engage them during a pandemic even more of a challenge uh and then how and then as diana mentioned her what do you do if a family member becomes ill that's a educational issue it's also just an issue for families who are trying to figure out what to do if you're living in a multi-generational house who you have one member who's sick and you've got other members who may have a particular um immune compromised or higher risk for covet infection so some interesting things that they were thinking about there go ahead next slide please um they did a lot of they mentioned in the presentation they did a lot of this work with the tribe so they actually you know they developed a statewide plan about how they were going to address some of these issues they also looked at how they were going to do a better job of developing individualized plans for children who were in care so they recognized that they had in some cases not given as much attention to the educational needs as well as the social emotional needs of children uh in some of their pro their prior planning you know things that they were uh either separately or even together and so they said they were gonna have to look at more of that and try to reach out more often to parent to other extended family members so there was a there was a tendency for the school system in maine and even the child welfare system to not always be as good as they could be about engaging extended family when there were challenges for this kids in school systems as well and then they also just said they needed to look at equity issues across populations they realized that some some uh families some communities uh have uh greater disadvantages than others too and that the systems are set up to reward some families more than others or some communities so they did a lot of work they mentioned talking with tribal representatives to figure out what those equity issues were and how they could address those uh and then they increase support for telehealth resources i think about telehealth and i i know it's because i'm a social worker i know a number of my social work friends are doing telehealth now um but none of us really got trained on how to do telehealth either so it's a it's an increasing area of growth for our own and so i think in terms of training i think a lot of our social work staff and whether they're in tribal communities or elsewhere could use more help and training on how to do services through platforms like zoom for instance because there are some definite adaptations that need to be made as well and so lastly here they developed some all ages social emotional learning curriculum now this is new stuff to me i don't know a lot about social emotional learning curriculum but maybe diana you probably do know more about this yes social emotional learning curriculum right now is not uh it's not mandated in every state the federal government has no oversight of this each state and or district gets to independently adopt a social emotional curriculum most often when it is adopted it's considered supplemental so it's not can it's not embedded into the day-to-day history uh math science english etc uh some districts do maybe a one hour or 45 minutes social emotional at the very beginning of a of a day or they have some social emotional uh strategies that they hang on their wall like posters and billboards and things like the bulletin boards and then the students will practice or participate throughout the day doing various sel processes or new procedures that the that the school could adopt so it's not fully implemented and it's not in every state and it's it doesn't usually exist in our high native populated states i personally believe as educational sovereignty um is at the forefront and we we have the right and the the uh the freedom to do what we want to do in our tribally controlled schools even in our bureau operated in funded schools we can truly adopt and do something that's culturally based culturally and linguistically focused that implement social emotional learning practices not just a curriculum but these actual practices part of that sel is coping coping skills and coping mechanisms think about if you could teach a five-year-old coping skills what can that do for them as they grow up this is fundamental right they're they're at the stage of learning if they could learn how to cope at five if they could learn how to cope between first grade and fifth grade what kind of a student and a person uh could they become uh so that's what social emotional learning is but what it looks like right now um is not what the the main purpose was when it was launched yeah it seems like maine has realized that actually it's a good tool to help support trauma informed practice that's what they were saying in some materials i wish i could i had a link for this i i was given a link to a vimeo recording of the webinar and it it but you had to be a member of child welfare league of america and so that was the only way i got access to it i don't have something to drop into that but i i thank you diana for helping uh educate us about social emotional learning and how it looks maybe in indian country or could look and david i just wanted to point out that we are past time at this point oh i thought this was a two-hour webinar i'm just kidding all right they're used to me talking long um anyway i wanted to say thank you um so much for i want to say thank you to amree and betty you have been really valuable support i definitely couldn't have done this without them um and i also want to say thank you to diana um so much for joining i hope we get to do some more of this collaboration soon it's been really awesome for us and um and i appreciate all of you who are out there who join the webinar uh and i appreciate the work you do on whatever you do to help native uh lead the kind of life that they want to live so with that i'll say goodbye and thank you very much bye thank you bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @sarahdeleon6596: I wanted to say thank you this has helped me a teacher learn so much to help my own students and myself too.  God Bless you guys.
  2. @LoireValleyChateaux: Oregon Demoncrats are cutting Unemployment benefits as they're imposing additional Covid Virus restrictions and shutting businesses down. Thousands of Oregonians are still waiting for Unemployment benefits from over 6 months ago while State Officials sit on a $5 Billion Dollar Unemployment cash reserve! 
Help is on the way... 31 Republican controlled State legislatures will not be appointing or are going to withdraw their electors so Biden cannot become president due to widespread Voter Fraud. With 31 of 50 State electoral votes President Trump will have a second 4 year term.

- Challenges for Dual-Nationality Families: Immigration Policies, Reunification Barriers - WorldEye: Kind: captions Language: en crossb families with dual nationalities face unique challenges due to family-based immigration policies that fail to address barriers to reunification deportation and separation these families are vulnerable to emotional and psychological strain and the generational impact of these struggles underscores the importance of this issue growing global migration including family reunification is a growing concern and addressing these issues requires strategies such as increased migration pension reforms and productivity boosts to improve the immigration system the US should address Asylum Seekers root causes collaborate with other governments expand legal Pathways and provide employer sponsored visas

  Top Comments:
  1. @cinemoriahFPV: Go home

- Expanding Access to Dual Enrollment: The Role of Open Educational Resources: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Carrie Wandler, senior director of policy initiatives with the Midwestern Higher Education Compact or MECH. Thank you all for joining us today. Before we get started, I wanted to cover some housekeeping items. Uh we're recording this conversation and we'll post the recording to our website after the presentation. We welcome questions, but please use the Q&A box and we'll do our best to address those questions as they come up. Mary will post a link to the presentation in the chat. Upon closing out today's meeting, you'll have an opportunity to give us your feedback. Um, please complete the survey to help us improve our future convenings. So, with that, we're going to introduce this uh great webinar that we have uh expanding access to dual enrollment, the role of open educational resources. Uh, dual enrollment is expanding nationwide, but textbook costs remain a significant barrier for students in schools. OEER presents a promising solution to reduce cost while increasing access to highquality materials. Today's webinar shares key findings from our recent mech and s reports, highlighting how OEER is being used in dual enrollment and where policy and practice can better align. You'll hear insights on strategies, challenges, and opportunities to expand equitable access. I'm pleased to introduce our presenters, Allison Buckley from the Southern Regional Education Board, Anukica Manny from MAC, and Tabitha Wyn from the University of Arkansas Casat. Allison, >> thank you, Carrie. Um, again, my name is Allison Buckley and I work at the Southern Regional Education Board. Um, I serve as open educational resources as the program specialists. Um, if we can go to the next slide, please. And the following slide, thank you. So, the four regional education compacts, we work together with states to improve uh, public education at every level. uh we are collaborating to scale and sustain the use of open educational resources which are highquality teaching and learning materials that are free for educators and students to use to customize and share. Um the work of this collaboration is known as the National Consortium for Open Educational Resources. Um, and you might have heard of it as NCOER. And we are generously funded by grants from the William and Flora Hewlet Foundation. And so the map that you see in front of you is colorcoded and identifies which states fall into um the specific regions. You would notice that there are three states that are not um associated with the compact, which is Pennsylvania, New York, and New Jersey. Next slide. So these are our learning outcomes today. Um after this conversation, we hope that you leave with a better understanding of the current state of dual enrollment and OEER policies as they intersect across the Midwest and Southern regions. We also invite you to explore how open educational resources can strengthen dual enrollment by reducing costs, improving first day access to materials to support and supporting pathways to college credit for all high school students. And then third, uh we want you to apply these learnings to your very own context along with barriers and success in your region. And lastly, we're going to discuss real world experiences implementing open educational resources in dual and concurrent courses. All right. So, before we dig in, uh we would love to hear from you. Um we're going to do a few quick polls to see where you are on your dual or concurrent enrollment um OEER journey. So, give us just one second. So the first question is on the screen. Who is primarily responsible for covering textbook costs in your dual enrollment program? Okay. All right. So we have about 25% whereas the students and families um school district is very close. Oh, this is really good. All right, let's go to the next poll. And for those of you who selected I don't know. Let me just say that you are in the right space because we're going to talk about that in a few. So no worries there. Where is your dual enrollment program in its OEER journey and there is no judgment here so feel free to share. Thank you for your excitement Kathy. Okay. So most of us are already using using it in some courses um with a few who are still trying to figure out you know where where you stand which is okay. All right question three. I will go ahead and read the question. It says what is the biggest obstacle to using OEER in your dual enrollment courses? Is it faculty workload? Um concerns about quality? lack of admin support. And there it is. Technology, internet access, K12, college misalignment, or you are not experienced any obstacles at this time. If you select option F, I'm sure we're all going to consider moving to your state. So, okay, it looks like Falcony workload. Yeah, we definitely have heard that a lot has been a huge concern. And then following that, technology and internet assets. I see. All right. Well, it looks like we have one more active poll supporting for accelerating OEER adoption. So, if you would take a second to answer that question as well. What kind of support will most help you at your institution or at your organization? All right, thank you everyone for your feedback. We appreciate 100% uh participation. We'll definitely have to dig into this later. And so um for the purposes of today's cons conversation, dual enrollment is an umbrella term used to refer to college courses offered to high school students regardless of instructor type, course location or modality. Um dual credit, you might have heard concurrent enrollment or dual credit. Um dual credit is used to pro refer to post-secary credits earned upon successful completion of dual enrollment coursework. So when we think about what are the benefits of dual enrollment to students, they are numerous. So one, high school learners receive early exposure to college rigor and expectations which can spark students post-secary aspirations. Um, secondly, students can explore potential careers and programs of study before fully committing to an institution or major, potentially saving thousands of dollars in tuition. Now, this is one piece of information that I wish I had known during my college career because there were times when I had to change my major, but and still had to be responsible for funding my college tuition. But just the thought of having the opportunity to explore these different pathways um before fully committing is a huge win um for learners. Numerous academic and state research studies confirm that students who have completed college coursework through dual enrollment are more likely one to metriculate in college, achieve post-secary success and not only start their degree but complete their degree on time or of ahead of time. Um, dual enrollment can also offer a pathway directly into the workforce for career and technical education students who earn an industry recognized credential before high school graduation, which is a huge win. All right, next slide, please. So, there are also um additional benefits um to students and their families. Um, one, we just mentioned it, which is that they can we it can reduce the cost of their certificate or their degree. Um, there are also benefits for high schools, which means that they are able to facilitate um have a more advanced facilitation offering of more advanced course options. Uh, high school teachers can better understand what the current uh, college culture is like because that may have changed drastically from the time that they were once in college. And then we cannot forget our advisement team. Um being able to have the additional support of advisors and counselors to better uh assist parents as they are exploring their college and career journey. Next slide. And the benefits extend also to post-secary institutions. Um it helps to build uh communication between the two from the high school to the college. there is uh increase of shared knowledge and best practices and it also offers opportunity for early marketing and student recruitment. So when we look at the high school textbook versus the post-secary textbook um there are a couple of differences here and one is that the textbooks that are used for post-secary courses are um typically more expensive. Um they are required to use the same or similar textbooks as equivalent to onampus offerings in the dual enrollment course. Um, we also have regional accredititors, state policies in many states and the national alliance of concurrent enrollment partnerships to uphold this standard. And most of us are aware that STEM textbooks are typically significantly more expenses than textbooks in the non- STEM disciplines. This is particularly helpful in underresourced school districts or financially challenged post-secondary institutions or among lowincome students. So if the dual dual enrollment textbook costs are born by districts, institutions or students and their families, use of OEER may eliminate this barrier. All right, next slide please. So the question we have all been waiting for. Who pays for dual enrollment textbooks? In 2021, MEC and SB completed a report to identify the responsible entity for covering dual enrollment textbook costs and followed up with another 50 state policy analysis in 2024, which we will share at the conclusion of this webinar. Since 2021, there has been very little change. Our 2024 report still shows that in majority of states, local secondary schools and post-secary partners determine who pays for the cost of dual enrollment textbooks or the policy is silent in that state. states that fund students dual enrollment tuition do not necessarily cover students dual enrollment textbook costs. Now, this was a huge aha moment for me. Um, you might have thought that the tuition would automatically cover the resources, but this is so pivotal, especially for um our underrepresented population. This makes a huge difference um to them having access to this opportunity. And so you will notice that 10 states um in 10 states the student or family is responsible for textbook costs. Um in 22 states we find that the policy is local determined or it is silent. And for about 17 states there are special programs offered to lowincome students for textbook courses with some conditions. So to view our state policy table, we will share a link and QR code at the end of this presentation to take you directly to that table beginning on page four. So while nearly all states have dual enrollment policies, we have some states with dual enrollment policies, other states with open education um policies, but there still seems to be like a missing link. like there still needs to be some intentionality behind the conversation of pairing the two. And so um before we move on um I just want to take this time to thank you for your attention and I am going to pass the mic to Anukica who will share insights about dual enrollment from the viewpoint of educators, administrators and policy leaders throughout our region. Thank you. >> Thanks Alison. Um yeah, so up until this point we've focused primarily on the opportunity that there are strong there's a strong alignment between the goals of dual enrollment and the goals of OAR. Um and we also know that there are gaps that still exist but and trying to connect these efforts in an intentional way. Um so what we did um to better understand what's happening on the ground is um we spoke to stakeholders across K12 higher ed and our state systems um to understand a little bit about um what what it actually takes in practice. So you know we can do what we can at the policy level and at the state level to try to connect these things. Um but we want to know what stakeholders are actually experiencing on the ground both the barriers um and the conditions that support success um in adopting OAR for dual enrollment context. So um I'm going to start with um some of the reflections that our stakeholders um told us um and we're going to cover some of the challenges, some of the bright spots and then the recommendations that emerge from their experiences. Um and this paper is also up on our website um so you can read more detail about what they had to say. So one of the clearest themes were um that um the challenges of putting OAR and dual enrollment together is not really about a lack of interest. Um there's there's a huge amount of interest. Um it's more structural. So stakeholders have repeatedly pointed to the disconnect between K12 and higher ed systems um which can comes create confusion around expectations, alignment, communication and ownership. They have also emphasized that faculty especially high school instructors teaching in the dual enrollment courses often don't have either the time or the support or the professional development needed to really um continue to identify, adapt and implement OAR effectively. And beyond that, there are practical challenges. Um there's an uneven availability of quality materials across disciplines. Um the the number of resources that instructors might need to sort through to to choose appropriate OAR for these courses is can be a barrier. Um we do continue to see some concerns about quality and credibility. just um mainly folks just not understanding what the open licenses mean and that um you know they can be just as a rigorous process of creating openly licensed materials as there are of creating publisher materials, but folks don't always understand that or have that context. And then just straight up logistical barriers like um high school students not always having access to the learning management systems um or consistent internet access. Next slide, please. But um despite these challenges, our stakeholders all shared some really clear success patterns with us as well. Um first, policy and leadership really matter. Um in states where in systems where there were mandates or there was funding or somebody articulated a really clear priority to include OAR in the dual enrollment practice, um we almost always saw significant adoption follow. Secondly, um faculty are much more likely to engage when they're given really strong starting points. Um so many of the faculty who um were able to come into this um opportunity with curated course materials, templates, discussion guides, ancillary materials to support um the use of the of the openly licensed textbook were were much more likely to be successful than those that were sort of left on their own to like piece together materials or figure it out. And then the third thing that we really heard a lot was that collaboration is critical. Um many of the folks that we talked to um said that what one of the benefits of doing this work was to have those um disciplinary based networks and communities of practice where high school teachers and college teachers could talk about their expectations for students and within their discipline and what they were expected to know and be able to do and try to close some of the gaps that we know exist between um where students sort of leave off in high school and what the expectations are for them in college. And finally, what we the other great thing that we saw was that um educators are innovating all around the barriers. So um they've come up with lots of creative solutions including um offline access solutions, shared systems, new ways of talking, new ways of meeting um which shows us that while there may be challenges in doing this, many of them are solvable with the right support structures. Next slide. So we asked our stakeholders to give us sort of two levels of recommendations. So one um from like strategy like what should we be doing better from a strategic standpoint and the second will be um based on implementation. So strategically um the recommendations really focused on creating the conditions u for sustainable largescale adoption. Um so first in that is communication. So communication needs to ext expand beyond the faculty and teachers to also include students, families, policy makers, making sure everyone understands like why we're doing what we're doing and how it's in support of students. Secondly, institutions need to intentionally create those communities of practice um especially at the discipline um so that um faculty and teachers can really work together and have that collaboration and ask questions of each other um and sort of um revise and remix and do all the great things you can do with open based on actual experiences in the classroom. Third, incentives matter. Um we can't get away from that. um wherever we can we want to be giving faculty and teachers um time, recognition, compensation um to do this work so that um so that their workload is not a barrier. And then finally, policy um came up repeatedly as a as a major lever which we mentioned earlier both at the state and at the institution level. Having something in writing that says these are our expectations and we expect you to do this um can really create that momentum for adoption and sort of normalize or institutionalize the practice of using openly licensed materials in the classroom. And then next one and then we asked um as I mentioned earlier what what do you need on the ground to actually make this work? So what do teachers and faculty actually need um when they're implementing OAR in a dual enrollment classroom? And here the focus what we heard was really about reducing that friction for faculty. And I'm sure Tabitha will talk about this in a minute. Um but one of the biggest barriers we heard repeatedly was just getting started. So finding the right um uh materials, having clear on-ramps, um having like a a cohesive um set of of ancillaries that go along with the materials, just making it as easy as possible for teachers and faculty to pick up the course materials and run with them. Uh stakeholders also emphasize that like that need for those full course packages, not just content um and having access um to the right technologies. Um especially the learning management systems that came up repeatedly as a potential barrier where they couldn't get all the students into like the college systems all the time. Um so they weren't able to always consistently access their course materials. Um and then professional development came up a lot. Um some folks said um you know they really appreciated having sort of basic what is OAR kind of um professional development to understand what they were doing with these open licensed materials. Um others were sort of like okay we get it we understand it like now what we need is how do we like make it even better? How do we implement some of those open pedagogy strategies? How do we adapt these materials and remix them for our specific students in front of us? So they were looking for that more advanced support. So having sort of a range of professional development available would be really helpful. And then finally again alignment and coordination came up over and over again from the on the ground experience. Um aligning schedules, aligning systems, aligning that technology so that um those things just don't get in the way and they don't create that friction or that noise around implementation. And now um oh yeah so in summary um going back to Allison's earlier um linkage note about the broken link um we really feel like that that there's a great potential in deliberately linking OAR policy with dual enrollment policy and initiatives um and it really has the opportunity to sort of um enhance both um innovations if you will um in in service of student success. Now I'm going to turn it over to Tabitha who's going to talk um as a teacher, as a faculty member um who's actually using OAR in the dual enrollment classroom and who participated in those stakeholder interviews that I just summarized. >> Thank you, Anakah. Hi everyone. Um I want to give you a little bit of background about me and the institution that I work for. Um I think that'll be um kind of helpful to see how our program even started. So I've been in education for almost 21 years and in that time the landscape of higher education has drastically changed. Um and one of those biggest changes is OAR. Um I remember when OAR was brought to me and I was asked hey do you want to teach a class in OAR and I was like absolutely not. I need my book. And I was willing to hold on to that book um as hard as I could until an instructor said, "How many times do you reference that book when you're teaching in the classroom?" And I said, "Uh, maybe twice." And she said, "Yes." She was like, "So, you can save your students a lot of money if we go to OEER." And that changed my perspective. I will be honest and say, "Hey, they might have drugged me kicking and screaming a little bit at times." Um but overall it's been one of the best choices that as an instructor I have made. So with that a little bit about UA Kasat. We are recognized as the leader in OAR in the state of Arkansas. We were the first institution um higher ed institution to adopt OEER practices. We are a small community college. We do have four campuses in southwest Arkansas. Um, we have agreements with numerous area high schools in the counties that we serve. Overall, our student population is about 1,300 students and we have around 600 students in our dual and um, concurrently enrolled programs and that's from 12 area high schools that we serve. We are also the only Hispanic serving institution in the state. So, one of the things when we started talking about OEER and it was brought up was the fact that our students, the majority of our students are eligible for pale. Um, so what we would find is a lot of times our students might enroll at the last minute. Pale was not available or even that um with pale they still needed to be able to pay for those textbooks which were extremely expensive. Um so with that we started looking at the impactful way that OEER um can help reduce cost. So with that said an 11year-old program has saved our students over $4 million in textbook rentals and purchases. That's an amazing number. Um, I remember when we hit a million, even just 500,000 was big. Um, to know that we saved our students that much money. Our program has grown. Um, when we first started, as I mentioned a while ago, our department, I teach English, we took all of our courses at one time into OEER. Now, we're at 80% of our courses across our entire um, college curriculum. One of the things that we have done and a lot of people ask and this has already been mentioned today um is funding. How do you fund this? How do teachers find time? Um group work is essential. Um work with your co-workers, share ideas. That's a huge part of this. But um we know that funding is limited. Um we work to build our program with limited local and state funding. Our instructors did get a stopend when we first started building OEER to help us um as we spent extra time outside of our work hours to build. So, moving forward to working with high school teachers. When we first started, it took our high school teachers um that work for us a little bit of time before they were ready to jump into OEER. Our high school instructors have to be credentialed the same as any other college instructor. So they must have a master's and complete it in 18 hours. So our high school teachers that teach concurrently on campus have different options of what type of textbooks they may use. Some of them do use OEER textbooks and they have access to that in our LMS which is Blackboard. Others have classroom sets of books and with those classroom sets they tend to maybe be a little outdated. English doesn't get outdated as quickly as say science. Um, but we do have um our instructors have the ability to have the option with that. Like I said, some of them opt for a tape a paper textbook. Those that have opted to use our OEER materials though will be given access to a class in our LMS and then they work usually with another instructor. Um, a lot of times we drop our class into a blank shell for them. We work with them on using Blackboard if they're not familiar. We go over um as best as we can OEER. Some of it is just diving in. Some of it is very scary and where do I look and is this good material with that. We think that mentoring um concurrent instructors is important and we do meet with our instructors concurrent our concurrent instructors at least once a year and go over questions they have and usually OEER is one of those things. I work closely with two instructors um who both use OEER and they use pretty much the same thing that we teach on our college campuses and they both jumped into it with both feet and have not taken a look back. Um an advantage to OAR materials for concurrent and dual enrolled students is the same as our traditional students. On that first day of class, everybody's on the same playing field. Nobody is waiting for a book. We don't hear um later in the semester, I left my book at home or my book is in the car because everything is electronic. In the case of our high school students, because they're using OEER, they don't have to come to campus to pick up a book. If they do come to campus, it's a rental. Um and I will tell you at my college, the school pays for that, I believe, but don't hold me to that. Um but with the use of OEER that also makes um I believe it was Allison said um the cost more affordable and with that students can get more college credit faster. Another advantage that I have seen um in using these online textbooks, these programs, these materials, our students have everything at their fingertips and they're used to having everything at their fingertips. They can access any of this from their phone. U most of them have grown up in the world of Google Classroom. Um so they're not strangers to using devices for reading and studying. So that is a a plus. um compared to non-traditional students who maybe have been out of school for a few years, they may be looking for that paper textbook. Um the high school students again tend to be less resistant to not having a physical textbook for the reasons I mentioned. A little bit of a disadvantage though with OEER um is the lack of quality internet. So, our students have to have good Wi-Fi and access to good Wi-Fi to be able to use it. And I know in the last two years, there have been times when our public schools, our students are enrolled in study halls and those um that Wi-Fi goes down and students will miss a deadline and we we have to we accommodate. But in that instance um because we are a royal area and not everyone has the same internet quality we do um see that as a disadvantage. Um another disadvantage and this comes straight from some of my high schoolers is that when we're providing OAR materials we want to give them all the things just as if they were getting a textbook. we have to pay attention to how we lay out that information and present it to students because they can get information overload and they will skip long passages um skip super long videos. Um so we have to be aware as instructors on what we give our students and again that's across the board and not just for our dual and concurrently enrolled. Um, our OEER materials allow us to cater to students who maybe need a reading level adjustment. We can find sources that adapt. We can find sources that help with um increasing the font size. So, when we have PDFs of books, students can zoom in. It will increase whatever they see on their screen. Um, one of the drawbacks though, and we'll catch up, is that we do have to make sure our documents are ADA compliant. Um, and then just for a couple of things to leave you with, um, student tips, and this comes straight from them, is if they're using OEER materials, they really like doing word searches. like say if they're answering a question on homework, they can search for a word and they really like doing things like that because it's easier to than flipping through a book because it highlights every page they need to find. Um, but one also said a drawback in that same sentence would be to um you're juggling multiple pages. So, you may have multiple tabs open. Um, so one of the things that you have to do is really work with your students on giving them suggestions for how to utilize the materials. Such as if I was giving an open book quiz, I might tell them to have two tabs open. One's the quiz and one is the other information. So, but overall working with students in high school and um for dual and concurrent programs, it's important that we treat them like they are traditional college kids. It's important that we um expose them to what a college classroom is like, the rigor that is involved, but it's also um extremely important to give them these opportunities. So OEER is one of those things that 11 years ago we didn't know where it was going to take us at Casat and now um we can see the advantages our concurrent enrollment has grown with accessibility um in so many ways. So thank you. >> So I think at this time um we are going to invite folks to share a little bit in the chat. Um sorry Carrie could go back. Thanks. um just around what what policies exist in your context around dual enrollment in OAR or what's happening at your institutions. I know people have already been sharing a little, but just to get us going um before we launch into Q&A, I'd love to hear from you all in the audience about um what's going on in your neck of the woods? What are you guys seeing and doing? So, feel free to put your answers to that in the chat. And then Carrie, I think you can go to the next one. We'll keep that up. Um, Mary posted in the chat earlier the links to the papers, but here are two QR codes as well. So, there there's a few questions in the Q&A. I also have a few questions of my own. I don't know, Anukica, if you want to talk a little bit more about the professional development. There was a question as you were going through that slide about professional development for high school teachers who are not using uh OEER. However, the college course they're teaching uses it. So again, potentially getting high school instructors up to speed with best Yeah, we heard a lot um in the stakeholder interviews about how important this was. So not just assuming that um in the cases where that's the high school level teachers that are teaching um the dual enrollment class that they're going to be comfortable and familiar with um openly licensed materials and how they work or or just really digital materials in general can be a learning curve. um because that's not maybe not traditionally what they're teaching with in their classrooms in the high school. Um so uh the recommendation that we heard most prominently was to create these sort of communities of practice where the teachers could work with faculty members in their same discipline and get advice from them and support. Um Tabith, I don't know if you if you do some of that with your your teachers. You talked a little bit about how they get certified to teach. Yes, you guys get together and talk about the materials. >> So, our instru again our instructors um they're credentialed the same as I am. They have a master's completed with 18 hours in the subject matter they teach. And then as far as um working with them on OEER, like I said, we men we do mentoring programs which are extremely important. Um could they be stronger? Yes. Um we live in a world that's busy busy busy and so everyone's got an hour here or an hour there. So, we try to fill in um Relinda Ruth has been our like I I don't even know how to describe her. She's been our forerunner for our program. Um and she runs our textbook program which is OEER materials. Um she if I text her or call her and say, "Hey, I need help." She can help find someone or find the material um is what I should say very quickly. So, having a resource of someone who people can go to is extremely important. um for getting comfortable with OEER. >> Everyone's cheering on Relinda in the chat. >> She's pretty amazing woman. I agree. >> Yes, there's so much love in this room for this webinar. I love it. Um there's a question here that's kind of a I guess a piggyback on that. um uh thinking about whether or not there's any um it says, "Does anyone on the call today have ideas about OAR training for librarians at more rural schools around the state?" So, just kind of any resources to share for folks who are uh starting to get interested. Well, I'll and I'll share a couple potential resources. Um the open education network OEEN offers lots of um programs, webinars that are free um as well as um certificate programs that are really great to getting folks up to speed. They have a certificate in librarianship for OAR um which is awesome. Um the Creative Commons is another great source to learn about OAR. They al also offer lots of webinars and um certification opportunities to really understand open licensing. Um and then the newly launched open education association, the OEA is another great um source of lots and lots of information and resources. Um all of which are are freely accessible to the field. Um and there's a membership opportunity as well to sort of join um colleagues. So, if you're at sort of a rural institution or you're you're feeling disconnected from the field, um joining something like the OEA is a great opportunity to meet others in the field and make those connections. That's Yeah, Alison just posted the link there, opened.org. Terrific. Yeah, and so there's, you know, obviously it's kind of getting collected there in the chat with a bunch of different resources that Anukica mentioned. Uh there was a question just about um whether or not high school teachers were compensated for participating in the communities of practice. I I don't know Tabitha if you wanted to speak to that or if there was Yeah. kind of how how that worked from the faculty and the high school teacher perspective. >> Um as far as compensation, no not at our college. Um we hold kind of like um an inservice. It is basically and we require our instructors who are teaching concurrently if they are available. We try to have a meeting before school lets out or before school lets out at the end of the year or um right before everybody starts back to school. All of our schools start at different times, but we try to encourage our instructors to come to campus. We can work up something with our continuing education department so that they can get continuing education credits um for free to them. It's maybe only a couple of hours, but that is one of the things that we do is we work with them. But if they teach concurrently, it's kind of like being an adjunct. You have certain requirements to be able to teach for us, and that's one of those is attending meetings as the schedule allows. Thanks for that. So, Tabitha, I have a more general question for you. Um, just kind of thinking if you could give one piece of advice to state leaders or administrators trying to expand OEER in dual enrollment, what would you want them to understand about the instructor experience? Training is extremely important. um any instructor be it K12 or in higher ed um we spend a lot of time building our materials and it's not um easy at times especially when you're learning something new so having that uh quality training in not just locating OEAR materials deciphering what might be the best for you and your students but even learning just the basics of copyright knowledge is important um knowing how much time goes into building a course. Um, any teacher will probably tell you we're always crunched for time and building something from scratch takes time. So, if our state leaders, our administrators maybe lightened our load a little bit, that would be beneficial. And probably one of the biggest things um that I think is important is collaborating with the college. So, if you're in K12, you're doing um dual enrollment, it's important for the instructors who are teaching at that college to start building and working to build a relationship with the instructors who are teaching in the high school classroom. Like I said, we have a mentoring program. Um we reach out when we have problems. we text and th just those little bitty things really help um our instructors that are teaching concurrently and who aren't on campus with us all the time. So that collaboration with the college is probably one of the things I would say administrators at both the public school and the higher ed institutions should be aware of. >> No, thanks for that. I think that that's really important insight into, you know, kind of what's necessary for just it to be successful, right? Like the the support needs to be there continuously. It's not a oneanddone for sure. It's that uh mentorship model that really makes lasting uh change. I appreciate that answer. Allison, can I ask you just uh you shared that many states fund dual enrollment tuition but not necessarily textbook costs. So from your perspective, what are some promising opportunities for states or institutions to more intentionally connect uh dual enrollment and OAR efforts? >> Um sure Carrie. Um thank you for that question. Um I would say um largely that there are many opportunities. Um a good starting place might be to um incorporate uh the work of pairing OEER and dual enrollment um in a post-secondary strategic plan. So um if we are able to start there, that strategic plan will be a reminder throughout our time to make sure that we are intentional about building that connection. Um it will also help to encourage like broader access to participation and dual enrollment. And as Tabitha mentioned, she mentioned it's also important to make sure that the teachers have time. So even if you know we can offer some type of stipen or incentives for faculty or for high school teachers so that they're able to collaborate and actually adopt OAR collectively. I'd love to add to that too. I think um some of the states that have been really successful at a statewide um perspective in doing this have um honed in on sort of the GenEd courses sequence or the transfer course sequence depending what you call it in your state um as a really good target. Um so that if if sort of everyone is committed to finding and creating great um no cost and OAR uh materials for those courses, those tend to be the courses um dually enrolled students are most likely to take. Um so it sort of helps like um for efficiency or you know across the across the college K12 continuum. um honing in on those kinds of classes, the sort of the typical first and second year classes can help um really accelerate students progress. Um have them arrive at college maybe already with an associate degree or close to it. Um yeah, there was a question too in the I think we have one more in the Q&A. Carrie, yeah, it disappeared about >> I think might have typed an answer. Tabitha, would you speak an answer for the recording as well? Yes. So, um the question was asked, "Who do you talk to to develop a program?" Um Kathy asked that question and I did respond to her because I wanted to make sure we didn't run out of time. Um we actually have a whole department called high school programs and we have a director who um she and her team, they go talk to public schools. They are kind of our liaison. They work um with us here at our college. They are housed on our campus. They are Kasat employees, but they help bring the students to us. Um, they help make sure everything's running smoothly, that we're students have the right scores, students have the right paperwork. Um, and then they work with our administration here at the college as well. So, in that sense, um, our our own program is separate. It is part of the college, but it is an entirely different department. And they are the ones that have helped build our program. Yes, thank you so much for calling attention to that. We still have some time. Um, if there are questions that you want to drop in the Q&A, we're happy to answer those. I was going to ask you, Anukica, about coordinated efforts. Uh, but I think you kind of answered that. I don't know if you have any more any more to share about the coordination um in terms of you know kind of systems and coordinating bodies. Yeah. >> Yeah. I'll be happy to talk. I mean I think again some of the things that we heard from our stakeholders are that some of the things that get the most in the way actually have very little to do with teaching and learning but rather like the infrastructure and the systems that are in our institutions and how different they can be between K12 and higher ed. Um, so I think um, you know, from a state or regional or system perspective, I think we're really well positioned to, um, sort of clear out some of those kinds of barriers, um, to help create some shared policy, reduce duplication of effort, sort of um, whoever said the high school students couldn't be in our LMS, like get rid of that policy. Um, because that makes no sense because they're supposed to be actual they're supposed to be taking college classes like a college student. So, um, you know, anywhere where I think administrators and and and policy makers can kind of clear out some of those like non-essentials so that we can we can make space for the actual teaching and learning to happen. Um, can be really great. Yeah, I don't see any other questions popping up. I think that's uh an indication that we've done our our duty in terms of really at least seeding food for thought. I think this webinar was fun for us to think about because we it's sort of two different audiences in our mech universe, right? We have our dual enrollment state teams that we we engage with in certain ways. We have our OEER state teams that we engagement with that we engage with in certain ways, but you know, it's kind of worlds colliding in this work, right? We get to bring folks who are maybe familiar with one half of this equation uh into conversation with each other. So I do in I really encourage you to take a look at the papers. I think both of them are really wonderful. We're so thankful for the uh coordination with our sister compact obviously, but also um Tabitha, thank you so much for joining us and giving us the instructor uh point of view because it's it's not always sometimes we get away and we end up talking more in generalities and we have webinars that don't talk about student experience. it's kind of implicit in what we're saying where student success is implicit in the policies that we're looking to push forward, but um but you you know, you bringing it right back to the student experience and what the students need and serving them uh you know kind of reminds us why we're all here. So, I really appreciate you taking the time to to join us. >> Well, thank you. I appreciate you all, you know, talking to me and take taking my two cents as I tell my students and I I've really enjoyed getting to see how your project has come together and being a part of this. So, thank you. >> Yeah, wonderful. No, happy to have you. Happy to happy to be able to start this conversation and hopefully it it continues and we can be a part of that continuation, too. So, thank you so much. Um, I've got to do my uh closing here. Thank you for joining us today. We appreciate Allison, Anukica, Tabitha for sharing their expertise and their time with us. As a reminder, please complete our survey. Um the survey will be available when you exit the webinar and the link will also be placed in the chat. We've already posted the presentation to our website and we'll be posting the recording of today's event soon. Um, also please keep in mind that you can keep informed with MAC by subscribing to our website and our newsletter. Um, and then you can get OAR updates if you want. Maybe you're already on the OAR list, but now you want to be on the dual enrollment list or vice versa. Lots of opportunity to continue to be connected with us. So, thank you for joining us. Thank you to our presenters. Thank you to Mary and uh we'll see you next time. Take care.

- Careers in Family & Consumer Science || #charislectures #like #live #school #career #life #hope #god: Kind: captions Language: en >> Charis EdSolutions: And good evening, ladies and gentlemen. you're all welcome to tonight's class, which is amazingly. The second in the online series of studying the principles of family and consumer sciences, I want to trust that you'll add a wonderful day. Plus some stress, I think it's just part of the spot of the ingredients. Yeah, we are studying a very noble profession. We don't under look ourselfs as family and consumer scientists and if you're in one of the sister institutions or sister discipline like nutrition and dietetics for the nutrition, I want to congratulate because we share something very common. We are that profession that is addressing the bottom line of real world challenges. That is the really interest we have today as we shall be studying together. The Careers that are in. Family, and Consumer Sciences. So let's get started with taking a short while to identify that we already are in class. So, drop your name, your matriculation number and your department snappily. Let's do that within about the minutes, anyone who can't do it before that time. Shows the person isn't actually with us when we started, but you can continue to drop even after I've gone to the next thing. So let me give you a minutes, everyone to Go through. Writing your name, your matric number, and your department. I want to trust. You all can hear me clearly. That's wonderful. All right. About half a minute to go. okay, as you do that, also keep in mind that would be Two quizzes as this class continues. So pay attention because I'll be bringing up this quizzes at the necessary time. All right, so let's proceed to the next thing. Just from what you can see on the screen friends. Let me also on that note, say that if you are saying, I'm not saying this screen, clearly please, rotate your screen to make it landscape. That's you can be sure you will see. Whatever, I'm seeing very clearly. Now, this topic today is to stop you not just make you know, something to write down in an exam but to stop you a sense of purpose is a sense of passion and it delights in solving real-time problem for people. That's how you can see something. Like passion purpose people, it is a professional. That makes a difference. They are a part of now for us, we will be walking through a number of disciplines. We are a few days obviously relevant such as in nutrition and I in apparel and textile design in family. Life education in our sin and interior design in consumer science and in resource and financial management. In the physical session we had yesterday those shots. I was mentioning to you guys, that there are at least four major aspects of family and consumer sciences with several other ones coming along the way. So you want to do your best in this class. Not just to listen just to know something to write down but you want to find your passion. What do you really have passion for? They also want to understand. Okay what are these skills I have. What skills do I really have followed by? Okay, which impact can I make you don't just want to come to this world and go? Oh, it's it to be a waste of divine resources. If all you can just admit I lived on that. Oh we do have touch what's impact. Would you have made? That's what this topic is going to be unraveling for you such that we all can build better futures for ourselves and for our offsprings are on this notes. I want to say that we are going beyond just the basics, we're not just talking about her. What is formula, Guzman sciences are, is it more than what we did his social studies, come on, stop that. Stop kidding because what we are discussing today goes far far more than the basics. We are looking at the strategic career blueprints, you can begin to live for yourself as you have about three and you have years ahead of you, for those of you currently in 200 level, you have, yes, for you to learn and grow, so that it can be impactful Now, let's get first to clarify in a mix. What do we call? A meat, He meets that people have said. And most people believe people meet Callie believe that I mean, sir, let me know. Mix is it not just there to cook out to Sue or if you're thinking like that? Yeah, still living in 20th century. Maybe 19th century or 18th century. Yeah about. But the point is if you today reflects like Mentioning on our current reality, you will find out that family and consumer sciences is currently the engine of the 21st century. Why did I say so engine? Is that place where life is brought into a machinery? It is that place. Where the, the control is situated. So, you don't want to think that formula customer services is just one of those things you do. If There is not that cause he didn't give you another cause then you just go for family and consumer sciences. No, this discipline is in town. Disciplinary in nature. That is the first thing it is interdisciplinary. I was mentioning as well. That there is this concept of being eclectic that defines family or customer sciences. What does it mean for something to be eclectic? It means it's combines the best of several others. So you'll be here in not talk about the number of things in. For those of you in food science, you'll be talking about some food science. So aspects of nutritional dietetics, some aspects of psychology, some aspects of economics, environmental speak too much. Because you are going to be saying that this field is really an interdisciplinary engine, just like you can see, we send things related to sociology things related to psychology, just economics. There's a nutrition science and environmental science ever several others. Find an applied arts come on, the field picks the best out of all of this. To form a whole. So all mechanics as we used to know it and otherwise known as family are consumer, sciences blend learnings principles and practices from all these various disciplines to give you a robust understanding of what life will holds for you. Now. What are the opportunities I exist for you in this field? One beautiful thing about family and consumer sciences, is that it is one discipline. To the strong room. We are problems can be solved. What do we mean by strong room? Strong room. Is that room? In a bank where money is kept, you know, when you come to a bank, a bank is richer than what to see in the the place where you deposites and stores. There is the strong room, the strong room of the educational system. I'm telling you, he's in family and consumer sciences because that's where the real resources that are needed to change. The world can be found now. What are the challenges you can talk about? Number one, food insecurity and malnutrition that binds us together as a nutritionist. I think it should be worried that come on. See how many people we have and enjoyed. They don't have good food to eat. How do we address this situation? That's kind of concerning you is going to be addressing the health and nutrition aspects sector of family and consumer sciences. So somebody can take on a role of a clinical dietitian Somebody wouldn't advise people want to eat in a clinic that is what it means isn't it? Alright. Health educator you want to go out and maybe roll out some means of telling people. Come on guys there is a better thing. You can eat. other eating bread and coke because eating bread and cookies. You're only taking care about it for carbohydrates, it can become such a nice educator. And what's impact you think that will become you will begin to design community nutrition programs and full safety surveillance, protocols, that will not only help the immediate community, but it can inform policy making as I was mentioning yesterday, you don't look at yourself small. You are so important that you can inform what happens as per policy. All right, let's look at another problem. We talk of you, turn employment, you know many people talk of listen engine. If I ask you if anyone of these one of the listening and Gia is, I know you say you're not, but the point is, why do we have great reports of many people who are Unemployed. And it seems nothing is done to. Really ameliorate the situation. about, instead of thinking of that, Let us think about other opportunities, we have what of hospitality and an event management. People do events people, you know, people do invent people have a number of staffs, they want to run just to show, they have money, they want to get together with friends. The ones have a good time if they're doing that. Why don't I take on the role of a catering manager or invent entrepreneur? For organized, Let's kill events. scale up food service businesses, for example they have been Booker and I was asking Yes, the Booker A Restaurant and eatery. Why is it during three? It's the price on the way it's carried. So, youths and employment is the challenge that's family and consumer sciences can actively solve Let's talk about fast fashion. What is fast, fashion? Fast fashion means. Clean articles are thrown into the populace. Which we call it planned of solicits. listen to it again, I said we call it planned obsolescence plan of solutions means that the fashion company know that they actually plan these clothes not to last. It's just a fashion just on Veep. People start wearing it. I remember those times they used to have all this descriptions on clothes this only right, my money grew like grass, I hope you know, our glasses grow anyway and there's somebody they write something in front. Those kind of function are fast fashion. They are not sustainable. they're not helpful because many of those clothes after a while they go out of season. So you want to start thinking? Okay, what can I do? Oh in the clothing and textile industry are, I can become a fashion technologist, isn't it? I can be a comet, textile technologist. I can become a fashion designer, a fashion designer, so long but instead of calling them Metallica, even call them seamstresses, same stress is a female person who makes Who makes a dress. It's different. It's a different interviews. Same stress from being a fashion designer. even give you a wonderful interest information out in fashion designer, may not even be using sewing machine to. So, The person does the work of designing. What can be one? And release out into the fashion world and people pick it up. People want to dress that way and That is where some stress find their work. There are several other opportunities that it is to. For example, there are that they are working with fashion industry is just styling If our information, somebody can be a big time, stylist. And may not know how to pedal the machine. Because of the person does is okay. This is celebrating. We just want to the person want to have a signature style. A star that is unique to him or That is somebody's uniqueness and somebody tell that I love you have wondered. that's there are some dresses today that they have some names attached to them, Take for example you must have heard of Filar before. I will always cap is unique, why? Because somebody started and it becomes a star even many years after he's gone. That is a professional. Somebody can take up. something that can last long, something that is sustainable in fashion, You can also be interested in maybe wanting to explore to use computer edge design to do pattern drafting we oftentimes to pattern drafting with pencil Paper, ruler on brown papers. But instead of that, you can go and I think this computer to hit this design and it's a big business today. In fact, let me give you one one of the information that is crucial as we speak There are now technological advancement coming to developed robotic processes for constructing elements from call from from the pattern drafting to construction and packaging. That is nobody will touch the clothes from you, it, program it the pattern into it, you just give it a bill of fabric based on that pattern, it will caught by itself. If you pick each other fabric, please stitch them together and call us the way it need. Add stones when it needs to stone add, any fixtures on the clothes? Whatever I studied. And the only thing you come later is just to come to the end and pick it properly folded and packaged clothes. I was seeing a demo of it and it's telling that is really what is coming to today. These are possibilities that exist in family and consumer sciences. Let's take one other, maybe somebody else observed that, look at anybody, I exploiting consumers fraud everywhere, the advertising that are not real, this should not continue. What can we do about it? How you can explore the consumer and educate consumer education, and advocacy aspects of this food. Somebody can be a consumer protection officer. I was telling you that I have a particular students who currently was working with a company just to focus on consumer interests. like a company that interested in if your company will go far, Companies must be customer-centric. That is their focus must be based on. What is it that our consumers want? so we have consumer research, experts that are doing that work of collection data from then the time and epic companies, understand how they are running. how they are doing. Well, I think they're not doing well, let me give our next dance. If you want to buy something from Jumia, You want to buy something? What do you often do? When you see that flashy thing Once you click on this Mom, where do you go to, You're gonna reach to reviews. what are people said about it before? Those reviews are not actually written and forgotten. Some people are sitting down from time to time to analyze those regions, okay. I mean, what are people saying about this product? I wish we improve, what should we do? Better there, For example, you know, in Nigeria government, and now the way things happen only, I always careful what to say, isn't it? But yeah, people use social media to really protect the interest of consumers. For example if a bank on necessary will draw some amount of money from you, even write them an email. Or you go to physical bank and complain, you may be met with so many wonderful and funny responses, but just go to their ex and do. And type in, I say this was what. So, so bank do you do? Just give them about 30 minutes, they will enter your DM and give you a response. Because they know that that's the place. Anything you say people we see it, That's one bad report will go viral. So the Google respond. I say we are doing something about it. Yeah, there's something about it. And sometimes truly, they are working about it. You see them resolve it? That is how they are x employing consumer research officers to help them understand. What's the market is really Now, let's take a step further and start looking at many of these things. One after the other. So quiz one now. We're going to be doing that within three minutes. Let me give you a few flip of what I'm going to be talking about. Then I will ask you a question. I'm going to be spotlighting Some sectors. Like this is health annotations set up. This is tech style and fashion technology. This is hospitality and events management. This is education and charisma advocacy now from this one's I wasn't going to be talking about how technology so that's ready. I'll be talking to you very greatly about our technology, really finds this please? Yeah, muscle, this is a tech-based institution so you want to understand how technology really finds its place in family, our customer sciences. So let me stay on this light before going back and ask you. So answer this short. Squeeze, these are going to respond to it. Don't worry. Your name has been typed. Your names have been typed, your magic number. Another date is you don't need to type them again, but just give me a response to this. In your discipline. when I talk about discipline, you know your discipline without food science on trying to take this or consuming on me. So whoever is joining this call and is for many other discipline. Can you states for me? Strong areas where technology can be adopted in your field. I think the question again, state any three strong areas where technology can be adopted in your field by my time? This is 9 7 19. So let's give you some three minutes to Physical. By 7:22, I will be coming to pick up those responses. Mm-hmm. Very strong areas. Where technology can be adopted. Yeah. Everything. Now responses don't worry in two minutes from now. I'll be leaving out the responses. I know there are so many wonderful things. Some people we say, Oh, wonderful. Wonderful indeed. so what I would be describing now is what are those specific things that technology can be used for? And now it's technology. Not an addendum. not something. secondary, not something to be added to your Lord. It is an integral part of what you are learning. That is what I was thinking about now. so, As I was, I'm trying to pick up this specific things that are most important interests. As I'm speaking I can see plenty responses, already flowing. now, for several people, Typing. Okay, okay, yeah, some of you are typing just one, some of you are typing, those two. So we are typing those three type three things. Three area where your Field can really have the adoption of technology. Campaign. I'm seeing so many excellent points. So let me just read out a few of them. It's 7:22 already, if you by chance, maybe Kim leads your response can still be submitted even to its leads but that's maybe somebody's talking about how it's gonna be used for food research. Diet planning. Yes. That must be from a nutritionist diet planning. Yes, you was for online counseling. You can use it for. someone is talking about diet can be so clean. And textiles I've mentioned something like that. I was still make a few more notes on it. Food Processing. Yes. Technology can be used in processing food but these days Now we can have, I'm okay, I've heard of something like this before, Don't don't bother to mention, No, you hear bread. We are never touch I've ever heard of that before. Yeah, we have technology not be used to package for to prepare for to process food. That is giving us an insight of how we are having a large tendency for Technological usage today. now, many of you the best, you know, how to use technology for is to just change gist. So just do some some chatters on whatsapp on Instagram to dance and s*** body. And that is technology for. Come on technology is not being used far and well for many amazing things. Let me take a few more before. We now start looking at what we have already on this light. yeah, somebody says in in analyzing malnutrition, yes, in data collection, it can be used as a food control. Food quality control technology is being used these days in nutritional assessments correct? Yes, we can also use technology in meal planning, someone already said something about diet planning, which is true. Yeah, you can have Technologies that can help you plan your meal based on your preferences and they have the food availability you have around you. Can see how interesting it is for us to think of technological implication technological usage in our discipline. Also, I consultant. Yes, interior design. Wow, this is one of those points in interior design, we use technology but is a technology and a software presently You can evenly download it from your place or it's called Ikea, Please ikea Place is used for interior design. If I have a big room, which is not in inside announce that, can I reach things in this Roman things? We don't look jump How do I do it? I can with my phone and with its camera just puts put it somewhere. I can place. If I cannot, I can drop a chair on that place even though it's not a physical change, I can drop it if check on my phone and it will be there with shadow with all forms of reality. Is we look very real and with that I can arrange you even before I arrange things. So it's Epson. Interior design to a very good extent. That is a correct point. Yeah, there are several of that things that others have written which are all wonderful. But here is the point technology has a very strong implication itself, right? As where we work. Take this example, somebody can be a clinical dietitian. a clinical dietitian would be working to help people in health centers in Hospitals, or it may be a research institutes to help them fighting. What are those things that they need to eat? What are those things? They should not be eating? In other words, we can have people. patronize hospitals and not being drugs. Instead of drugs they can be given what's to eat but there's a saying that says, when you pick the cook, You won't have to pay the doctor. You won't be at the mercy of the doctor. Now, let's take this as a point of very great concern. Many of you, you have This tendency to feel that is the only opportunity you have maybe when you're but I'm telling you, that is not. That is not. There are several other opportunities for you to learn. All right? And to exercise lots of land as well, you can be informed in things like nutrition therapy, you can have to identify, that's whether this is idea, I'm prevent it. you can make specialized meals for people that I would always calculate caloric load of foods. I let people know what I eat now, so much calories. It is affecting, it is causing this damage. Why not take this other kind of diet we have plenty kinds of therapeutic diet. You can counsel people about those are instances of our field is spotlight of health and nutrition. The other aspect is the digital parts. Somebody can be a digital wellness specialist, a consultants. And now I was that in class but I was one of the rules I play. That's how also be inviting you guys to consider joining a life Skill academy, which will be floated in a matter of weeks from now. If you check our channel, you will have seen some some preparatory stores for that academy. It is to prepare you to see that you can learn some skills for life, not just kiss for money, not those skills for job skills. You really need for life, And you can be that digital well-being specialist or consultant as well. You can be doing it online and do. I need to tell it? Jesse personal, much money people are making through creating content so many of you are content creators. if you are content Creator. Just give a thumb up. Let's see if I content Creator give you tumble. How many content creators we have in the house? because I is one strong place where people are getting In fact, people are paid much more than people that are working into 11 and 9 to 5. Rather put that walking from money tonight. They're not getting as much paid as content creators. That is one of the realities that we have today. So just drop your thumb up at will be taking that. Now, let's take the textile and fashion industry step further. Again, From the process of growing fibers. So, the process of making fabrics. To the process of producing them into textiles that can be won clothing articles bags, different accessories. All of them, they provide great value chain. What's a cover letter? Each of them can actually add value to your life in terms of money in terms of relevance and so on, Yeah, you should not take for granted the opportunity that textiles and fashion tech gives you as a person don't ever understand. Look what opportunities you can maximize from that, for example, That I think I give you three stages as you can see on your screen. First thing is about analysis. You can use technology for analyzing different components of different fabrics. Defense, fabrics are open in different ways. They have different characteristics, my some of them why you look their microscopic Qualities are very different. You can be that person that can help and that's what Oh, this fabric is. This fabric is that not and don't talk about things is a small world. People will keep wearing clothes. That is why this field cannot go absolute. People will keep eating food. People, we keep wearing clothes. So people will keep needing your service and that is one of the opportunities for you to find the career. Otherwise digital design. I've mentioned computer design before because people would do free uncut into. So, Some of you. So yeah, right, I always do free and cutting. What do you have? So sometimes you may hey you may waste clues, you know say that any mistake is his Hey, West close, that is expensive, you know, it's time. You want to prevent clothes fabric wastage? You want something better way to do it so you can use computer design to design and lay out the different pattern pieces before they are laid on the fabric and cut out. It is so economical. Yeah, that is on that. Then commercialization is another place where technology is for some of you on in this class, you close sellers, Nothing to be ashamed about. Now, all these things have been mentioned in by the time and getting close to the second quiz, I'm going to be needing you to tell me. What exactly do you do? for some of you, you do, selling clothes, it's maybe beat us. I hope you know what be does this? Then and selects some of it, maybe new dresses. You want to think about? Okay, what can I do to be better? Than just what anybody who is handling. This stuff is doing but I know people who have online markets, no other place but on whatsapp, there are Whatsapp account is a very strong market. They, they have statuses they share from time to time. They have catalogs many of you use Whatsapp business. I don't know why. I use it but you do have catalogs. Photos of my contact check. There is a catalog of what we do. Encourage their solutions. For example, there is a catalog. You should have that sense. You're not, just a natural ordinary person, just handling devices. Not know. I can use it, your phone as small as it is. It can be a source of stream of income flowing from time to time. Some of your phone is a liability. Always, you always looking for where you recharge and after charging, what is it for? Nothing watch, Korean movie. And You that you are supposed to be watched, you are wasting your time watching and watching out for her whether we need to release the next episode or the next season. And one seasonal, 16 episodes why waste your resources why not think of doing something about commercial aspects of fashion, which you can explore now even into food, whichever aspect into food into, I've mentioned clothing, it called be in, maybe you're interested in education, you can decide to be an educator and educator online, you can sell knowledge to people and it will be bots. This example you can run in virtual boutique for example, like I've just mentioned, people can try out your dresses about they're not technologies Ai based technologies that people can select a clothing from your online boutique. They can try it's only an avatar of themself to see whether this fits or not. So to not be what I ordered, what I got because they will have tried it on virtual They will have described your body measurements which we create another for them and they will try that clothes off. So, We measurements, they try it on. They can say, Oh, sorry you. This armpit is too loose. Ah, these color is too tight. They can give you all those complaints. You can amend them even when, without them trying on the cloth that is to tell you. So many opportunities still exist yet to be explored. The third thing is about hospitality and events management. and then event is lucrative, like, I've told you Events planning is one because people we keep learning events, isn't it? So you can walk in, for example, hospitality management you can walk with us, hotels on saves from homes resorts, tourism agencies, work with them to ensure that is quality standard and customers are satisfied as one way please, you can't wait, You can also quiet. It's okay, Whatever. Begin to give strategy for how to do proper catering in events. How to plan events, How to prevent wastage I know get waste Many times in events. You can bring that new thing and because yeah, an event. Somebody want to plan for 500,000. You say You can plan with 350. It's You can tell them how you can cut down on a necessary things and put the stuff together without so much on necessary expenses. Also events planning. You can decide to coordinate people that will be vending the vendors. Those people that have been charged of venue how gets to be accommodated, happy with the entertained, for example, universities and research institute. We never stop holding conferences. Churches, we never stop holding retreats and programs. Big programs. People will not stop doing wedding people. Not stop doing near me. You can be an event planner to plan out, This is not just about food. Event planning is everything in the events. You can be, you can, okay, if we allow the The food to stay at the entrance. They cannot the problem. You have some people don't come to event and they collect food. You can know how to strategically, please the food arena, you cannot replace the music. You know, how to place. If you intend to, if it's an event, they will be projected something you, you can design, okay? This is where the stuffs can be it is a place where they would need For example, decoration. Now take note that interior design is not the same as integral decoration. Enjoy the creation is just to add beauty to the the interior space. But interior design is like I was given the case of Ikea please you can be thought that. Oh sorry. Oh please. I have a item by 12 room. I want to turn it into an office and these are the kind of things that can I do it. You can give it top Notch description of how that time, 10 by 12. Job at 12 by 10 feet of room coming on into your office. It's me look small, but you can turn into something very great that is interior design. These are the kind of opportunities that exist and never think that there are no people for this stuff. please let me also say this, you know, many times you think based on your exposure I am telling you this from the art of my heart, stop thinking like immediate environment, stop thinking like those things you can immediately see many of this is I'm saying for those of you that you're challenged and if I want to try to find out something about this, go and search online, you will be amazed, These are things people are doing real time, even in this Obama show or wherever you're getting the call, people are doing it to real time and they are making it to real time in it as well. That is an advisor for you. Finally education and advocacy. For example, I am an educator that is my job and I'm happy doing it and that we're just kiddos of teaching. None is less important, please take notes, whether it is primary teacher, secondary school teacher, a university lecturer, or an extension educator. And a stationary because there is one that is not teaching really the forwards. It's going out to bring educational knowledge to people out there. All of us are important. Everybody. so, somebody may be so passionate about young people, and what you want to do is to just teach teach you just love teaching, come on. Families is one of those places where you can find teaching and you can enjoy doing it. If yours is like you, you connect with people not inside school. You connect with people, you can decide to become an extension educator, let me give you an instance. I work with A professional institute that teaches some fundamentals for skills. The we have a department of catering and hospitality management, you have a department of clothing fashion designer management. You have a department of computer and multimedia, technology, we have departments of electrical and solar technology, those for departments. At strategic point in the year. the students in those departments, usually go for What we call an impact program, sometimes they will be put like the catering students can be put in a vehicle of the institute and they'll be taken to rural area. And what they want to do there is to teach people how to pick something new, how to cook something new. That is just what I want to do. That is the outreach, but as they doing it, we also strategically look out for. Okay? What the young people that are coming to this event, okay? Because it fits based institute. Anyway, we also target them, Okay? Hi guys, you have learned how to make changing Not an investing it, interesting, but wanted to know that a has you have learned this your life Actually. Most of God do even to make real sense. It's a very huge opportunity to connect with people and to bring them to what's really matters in life. That's an opportunity and extension. Educator has you can walk like if you're a nutritionist places, where people don't have food to eat, you can go there and show them, amazing thing they can do without ordinary. So I based that that they are wasting look at cashew in Obama, cashew is one of the most wasted products in a good motion after they remove the notes, the throughout the country itself, there's a common. It's like you guys don't know. The national value of cashew. This is what it contains. This one can make out of it. You can make a pill, you can make a smoothie, you can make a juice. You can do this, you can do that. And say, Hey, so we've been wasting resources all along and they can learn. You can even bring a new method of preserving cashew because many people down this thing. Yeah, many weeks, look at the tree in front of us. Now, anyone we need when it is easy, we just plug. You can make them know that even when country is out of season, it can still be preserved. Look at a woman show. Mango He gets on that many mango trees. I see those things. I've just dumped, and they are beginning to rotting. Come on, those things can be corrected. Maybe that is a passion. Somebody we pick it. If you are an indigen of a motion, for example, this should raise something in your head, there are a lot of resources that are wasted You want to begin to say way to where my food scientist? And when I graduate, I will not be saying there's no job. With all the things that people are wasting and I can turn into real value. You want to become an extension educator or you want to become somebody to take those products and make value out of them. On the side of advocacy. we can have people that can be policy, architects people that you can God if I'm not God can many of you here. You are going to become great people in government by God's grace. Now, maybe some of you God already told you that already have an insight that I'll become great in government. The reason why you are going there, my friend is not to go and chop money. Don't join this wrong narrative. You're not going to chop money. You are going to make impacts. Because even if you drop money history will not forget you. History will remember if one of those corrupts and irrelevance people, that's God just use for the mean one, so that the place will not be empty until the correct people get there, but I think you're one of those correct people that should get there. So once you get to the pleasure you make policy, Come on, be there to make policies. That save lives. Don't be dead looking away. No, no, that's how many of the people in power today. Do they look away from needs? They don't? They just are not concerned. but you want to stand there and say wait, Why is it that they are producing some standard food products and almost nothing? It does not about it except that there's a noise. Some noises are made but in the grassroots, imagine they will shout in the National Assembly in the grassroots. It did not affect us, they are selling anything because they are not enforced. And maybe opportunity comes and you become a senator. Stop thinking of how you first have Big Belly. Our YouTube we are in agbada. That is not the purpose for living. You want to think, Okay, how can we begin to improve the policy that surrounds some standardization of foods? And now that is proliferating the markets. Can we begin to do something about that? And you make moves for it, you may even get to opportunities to be, maybe a minister to president. You may have opportunity for you to become. Maybe one of those people that will be advising, maybe a special adviser To a governor or the President somewhere, you want to bring your profession. Let me give you one real life example. Nothing when it started in. Nigeria was a professional. Look down upon. And it a remnant of that still existed today. No, this is a International Nurse week and my younger sister is in. Also, I know nursing history, too. I know that nurses have blue struggles with medical doctors because if you don't just what's in that, it is far better now. Is far better because even many students. Now when you are seeking admission, most of you, as you're looking at me like this, you chose nothing, isn't it? You wanted nothing because you feel that you can jump out, it's nothing and other stuff like that. Nothing is not very lucrative Why before nothing was much like, Okay enough Snake I can't go back with me one like I kind of comma better. why he's doing nothing. Nurses are not relevance in the hospital guys that they are viewed. So when they introduce nothing as a cause what is nothing? What do you want to be doing? Just to be packing file and recording. What is in that? Until the wife of General Yakubu go on trend as a nurse, became the first lady. And she completely rewrote the history of nursing. if you get to University of Benin Hospital today, because that is where she's she was immortalized. She made nothing one of these sought out for professions. And now nurses are also having their ID is. There shoulders are high. What will you do for full size? What we do for economics, what will you do for nutrition on dietetics? That is waiting for you. When you become great. I'm praying for you. Once again you're going to become great. So don't ever underestimate the potentials you have to change the narrative. Now let's leave that and let me talk about the issue of stacking technologies which you have mentioned, you can have a lot of technological imputes, you can make into this profession. Like I've already mentioned in, Oh Economics, we have iot integration in homes, smart homes, that can just say light off. I like to go off lights on like to come up because the system can understand my voice. Even off smarts televisions today. You know that's already. We have smarts refrigerators, for example. I think. Samsung develops a product that can auto order, food products, based on its assessment, of the remaining things, you have a refrigerator, which means once you, you don't need to do the groceries yourself anymore. Just get the fridge. I don't know because it is. You can search for it. and once again, it's once you talk it with milk it, you know how many kinds of milk are still in the fridge by itself? It we order for more milk. Can you see that by itself? It can order for more things that is the beauty of technology being used today. Let's take one another aspect, which is financial planning. Financial planning because finances are important, isn't it? Even though money is not everything? No. If you must be a successful person, you must understand early. On. Now that money is not everything, but money is important. Many people. They, they are whole life is shattered because they do not want to handle money, you can come and say I did, don't make no mix and I'm telling you, Oh, economics means Because I make more. Mix, There's an aspect of economics called Micro Economics Managing Resources in the home. When a small unit is an example of microeconomics including individual finances. You can become a counselor, you can advise people. These are you. Apply your budget. You live like this. You live like that and your life will be far prettier than if you live it without direction. Those are just instance is here. Now Let's talk about some entrepreneurial lip. What is mean of entrepreneurially? That is when you take a skill. And you magic with a need. What you can create can be very unlimited. I'm going to get, I'm giving you four instances now. As you can see it on your screen and that is going to be our quiz too. Take for example, somebody can take food science and look at. Hey look anyway And if you scientists to that is your skill. But look at the market. What is happening? What do they need? What do people need that? People are not talking about? You can look out for it and say Meet our way. I'm going to solve that means I'm going to solve that problem. Before you know what happened, you can decide to start a bakery. that we producing different flavors of bread and meeting you a market that has just moved. Not to no supply. White bread is most of what we have. You can begin to have different brands, banana bread, you know banana breads are very costing us more amount of small size like this can be 1,000, so it's You can decide to make it how we can mass produce this stuff. What we must produce the overhead cost of Each of them will be minimal so we can have bigger size at that same amount. How can be doing? Great. That's an opportunity. Another thing is textile knowledge, you can join it with Okay, people don't know to use card as a software. I think I can do that. You can open up a fashion design studio. And plenty of those exist. I have a fellow alumnus of my institution. It's called Benjamin good. In Benin, he's in very greatly, very greatly. You know, everybody story of a person that is doing just the same fashion designing, you talk about He traveled out of the country. But he continues to work in Nigeria. Because before he left, he already set up his studio. He employed people, he can trust. He has a manager who is working while it's also working outside the country, that is how you can combine your skill within it and it can become a scalable business. Somebody can look around us. Okay. How do people I have a skill in spatial awareness guys understand how to arrange space. And people are problem with resource management. So how can I do that? You can become an interior decor consultancy. Consultants, You can run the consultancy frame that can help people to manage their spaces, where they want to build houses. They don't know how to build us And architect can give them too much and that I can text will be them to build structure, not to arrange the interior. Uh-huh. So don't don't mistake the two. You're not in the work of an architects. you are doing the work of an interior decor, you want to give them okay this space, you know that instead of you building six bedroom flats. Because if you have many things because it's two bedroom, we can have some better things and instead of you feeling your compound with beauty and when you want to enter, I yeah, just doesn't like this to enter. Yes. Because there's no parking space. There's no movement space. Why don't you think of planting trees around? have a small child and with that, two bedroom flats, we still fit what you want to use his bedroom for saying, Hey can you tell us that and then you give them the the bill, give them maybe a prototype to select from as I would develop this for you and that is as markets. The last one is nutrition data. Maybe you have you understand how 200 nutrition? I see that people have issues with behavioral psychology. People eat junks. We have also called eating disorder. Some people, they are. I know they have anorexia you should know what anorexia means if you're a nutrient and I take this, we have people that have issue with bulimia. one is people that they do it, they do it, you know, it's anorexiety do it and they say I'm watching my weights and they won't eat nice a problem and say Oh boy or girl, the way I know it is affecting you, you're knowing definition can blend with behavioral psychology if it is bulimia those people, it's too much. The heat where people eat for mood. There's only when they are moody they just eat anything they can just be eating, you know they just eating eating it in it. You can use your own knowledge of nutrition to correct that And say, Don't look small. That small thing can become great. If only, you understand it. So let us take quiz to everybody. who is too, is that you will not write for me. The skill you have. For some of you, the skill may not be what I've mentioned. May be simple. Yes tiling. And I know make more mix. You can be a cosmetologist I'm giving you an example now. Just simply. Yes, styling. Now you can see that I want out there need maybe affordable year styling. it's not actually, they're not stars, but many of them are not affordable and I have this skill. I can match my skill with that need, that's not something. If you call yourself, I say, yeah, a cosmetology consultant. You see how big the English sound? Yeah. Just, if you are just fine here dresser, but the point that it's much more than I hear dresser. You tell people, you give counselors that because of yourself, you're not carry yourself as like a hairdresser. so what do I want you to do now, ladies again to me, type out your skill, Tap out in market, need your identified and what's that can lead into. So like I give you that one example now, Hairdressing skill plus need for affordable hair, styling equals to Cosmetology consultancy. Hey is God? No good. So let me begin to have your responses now also answering that. I'm going to be needing a few beyond 8 pm because I need to explain something to you guys. So I'm giving you about because I know you're going to do some thinking and typing. So you have five minutes to do that by some 55. I will come to our best to those responses. Then I will take 10 minutes to answer questions. So let's trust God by God willing. Seven. It's 55 805, I mean we should be done because she started eight but they also here. So we just spot from here to that class when we are done. Yeah, let me begin to take those responses. Taking the responses, one by one. Have three minutes to go. I am pretty sure that nobody will be telling me by now that I don't even know what I can do in this field. Where you are, countless opportunities. And on the final notes. I have also observed that some people, you know, when I say that, notice that quiz is ongoing, they quickly running a common to decrease. I wonder how their manager there was really trying. But for you, yeah, you cannot cheat algorithm. That is a gospel truth. the amount of time you spend on this call, Algorithm records it. So if you are the one I jump out and jump in. Sorry. Sorry. Because your attendance As by not just, if you are there. But the fact that, You are really fully there. Please, some of you the way you are typing. You are not really getting my question. Somebody just dropping video editing catering. Oh, And what I'm saying? What I'm saying. Yeah. Somebody like, I can't be Blessing. did what I'm talking about which I love crocheting skill. Plus they need for affordable. Crutches pieces includes a crotchets. Make a crotchets consultants. Somebody will make project piece based on consumer budgets. Excellent! That's the kind of thing I want you to do. So don't that's right. And hey somebody like we're a candy that is my sister. So here dresses skills plus stylists. And she people want stylists equals to a cosmetologist. Oh, Somebody is in content creation. You have this kid in content creation and you have, you're not getting it, it is not skill, plus skill. Skill plus need. Because if you have a skill and people don't need it, sorry, you are still not going to attend anything. so, what I'm asking you to type is your skill >> Charis EdSolutions: Yeah, we already spent beyond the time we assigned for the quiz but not worries. You can keep dropping your. Messages. you can keep dropping the responsible, please do the right thing because you won't get a mark for doing what is wrong, please? so what I'm saying again is this Make sure that you type out. Number one. The business. The. As in, you should type out the, your skill. Followed by your need. Followed by. What's business? You can make out of that. That is what I ask you to type out please. So as a typing please just do the right thing type out. Yeah, good. Somebody. Yes. Somebody like Ogunde Ji Yano Said cooking scale plus busy lifestyle equals to food, delivery business. Superb, excellent. Yeah, because people are busy. People don't often to cook on their own. And you have cooking skill, come on, you can start a food business. And I pray, God will bless all this. Wonderful business ideas. I'm saying here Yes. Yeah. Yeah, I'm seeing one. Another one is important. Somebody says writing skill plus affordable writing it existence equal to writing support services. WOW. That's great. That's great. So please keep dropping that. I wanted to ask for those among you have a question. We hear as a question. Do you have a question? Okay, good. Now I can see that since you're still dropping this messages. I will give you the time to. Really do it. So let me give you the information. I want to pass across. I will make sure that the comment section remain open for you to access even after I stop this class. So what are those things? I wanted to pay attention to ladies and gentlemen. Number one The quizzes, I gave you. They are already, they do. They are not wasted. Oh, For example. Your class trip. Should meet me tomorrow, to collect your descripts of the quiz. We did yesterday morning. I have marked it. They should come and collect, they will return your script to you. Just let you know that those things are not for fun. That is one two. the other quizzes that have been done online on any of the video, please go and do them if you have not. I would also give a window a short window of opportunity to those among you who did not. They did not. join this class maybe because I can also consider that, some of you may have legitimate issues, for example, some people will be that there is light issue for some people, it may be that that data is not stable. So they may not be following me life with the deadline, I was given for such people are allowed them to be able to come back and drop. The answer to the two quizzes. We have done on this class. so, for you, if you have had, they talk challenge, you can always come back, Just that for you to be able to know to answer the quiz. You need to watch through the class. And at that very moment where I'm asking, question, drop your once I come algorithm, can help me sort it out and I know those that side and that's very point. I was speaking. It will flag it for me that you submittedly, it's but not problem. I would know. Now, please also, Make sure that you're not trying to outsmart yourself. Like somebody said that video once you get to 22 minutes 23 seconds that's the quiz is go and answer. The if you answer there you will have answered but agree with Flag is that you are a gate crusher. You just jumped in To answer questions. I jump to which to you as a question, you congratulations to you because it's a flag. It rich that you are just a great crusher, but I advise you to do the proper thing. Do the proper thing as much as possible on this notes. Since they are not further questions. I think I should put a post to it right here. It's exactly eight o'clock on. You don't, if you need to get any further clarity, Later tonight not immediately. Now later tonight, I will open the group. The Whatsapp group for you to drop questions alone, please. Questions alone. Because, you know, you are many, you shouldn't be dropping and dropping and dropping. So if your own issue is that your name is not on the list, for example, go meet your class rep. Enter is DM, Mr. Physical ha. Let them sort it out. And meet me don't ask questions about lists on the group. If yours is a, I did not see the screen very well. You, in fact, when I was talking, I was like, we'll see what is on the screen. Relax, go back and watch the video. Make sure you have good network, you can connect with loudness. For example, if you have somebody So, once you re watch it, we see clearly also, you may need to rotate your screen. Like I've said earlier, when we started, because the issue you have rotate your screen so that it can give you a broader view of what we are discussing in class. So I say again, if you have any question please just go to the group. Go to the group and drop your question once I open it again. I think I should do that straight away so that it's not going to be something lingering. So as soon as this call is ending, I or any of the admins your class should open the group. So any cluster that is hearing me right now. Should open the group so that others can make imputes. Ask questions on career in family and consumer sciences alone Ladies and gentlemen, thank you for the good time. We have spent together. It's been a wonderful class. God bless you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OlamideArinola-x5b: Skill:football + nutritionist= sports nutritionist
  2. @AdesinaAzeezat-l4c: Food+health care= nutritionist
  3. @OlamideArinola-x5b: Sport,diet consultant and nutritionist researcher
  4. @OlamideArinola-x5b: Arinola olamide Muhammed
2024006170
Nutrition and dietetics
  5. @EmordiWilliams-x2c: Diet consultant, food researcher and nutritional information.
  6. @RebeccaAdeyemo-b4y: Cooking skill + scientific understanding =food literacy
  7. @EmordiWilliams-x2c: Skill: playing football+ nutrition= sport nutritionist
  8. @AbiolaDeborah2023: Abiola Deborah inioluwa 
2024005415
Nutrition and dietetics
  9. @AbiolaDeborah2023: Food + health care = nutritionist
  10. @FolorunsoPrecious-t1j9f: Folorunso Deborah Precious 2025007235 foodscience
  11. @Deborah-y8j5m: Nutritionist+ catering service=restaurant
  12. @AdekolaDeborah-e4i: Baking +catering services =event management
  13. @oluwabunmisheyi-bi4gw: Matric no Akinwa bunmi Oluwaseyi 
2024003361  food science
  14. @WuraolaAduke-v9i: Popoola Rafat Wuraola,2025010440,nutrition and dietetics
  15. @oyedemioyinlola8262: child care+ health care=early childhood specialist
  16. @RebeccaAdedoja-u1u: Decorations+catering service=event planning
  17. @AkindeleOpeyemiChristiana: Food science+ catering service= restaurant or event planning
  18. @RodiatOmotoso-c2l: Food+health care= nutritionist
  19. @KamilaLadipo: Makeup artist+ affordable assessible on demand for beauty+ education = virtual academy
  20. @BisolaHonStrike: Rasheed bisola sururat 
2024010042
Nutrition and dietetics

- I SUED THE SCHOOL SYSTEM (2026): Kind: captions Language: en Albert Einstein once said Everybody's a genius, but if you judge a fish by its ability to climb a tree It will live it's whole life believing That it is stupid Ladies and gentlemen of the jury today on trial. We have Modern-day schooling Glad you could come not only does he make fish climb trees, but also makes them climb down and do it [10-mile] run Tell me school. Are you proud of the things you've done? Turning millions of people into robots. Do you find that fun? Do you realize how many kids relate to that fish swimming upstream in class never finding their gifts thinking? They are stupid believing. They are useless. Well the time has come no more excuses [I] call school to the stand and accuse him of killing creativity Individuality and being intellectually abusive. He's an ancient institution that has outlived his usage So your honor this concludes my opening statement, and if I may present the evidence of my case, I will prove it Proceed exhibit a here's a Modern day [phone] recognize it Here's a fall from 150 years ago big difference right stay with me Here's a car from today and here's a car from 150 years ago big difference right. Well get this, here's a classroom of today, and here's a class we use 150 Years ago Now ain't that a shame and literally more than a century nothing has changed yet. You claim to prepare students for the future?! But what evidence like that? I must ask do you prepare students for the future or the past? I did a background check on you and let the record show that you were made to train people to work in factories Which explains why you put students in straight roles nice and neat tell them sit still raise your hand if you want to speak give 'em a short break to eat and for eight hours a day tell him what to think. Oh! and make them compete to get an [A]. A letter which Determines product quality hits great a of meat. I get it back then times were different. We all have a past I myself am no Gandhi, but today We don't need to make robots-zombies. The world has progressed and now we need people who think creatively innovatively critically independently with the ability to connect See every scientist will tell you that no two brains are the same and every parent with two or more children will confirm that claim So please explain why you treat students like cookie cutter frames or snapback hats giving them this one-size-Fits-all crap [Judge: Watch your Language] Sorry your honor but if a doctor prescribed the exact same medicine to all of his patients The results will be tragic so many people would get sick yet when it comes to school. This is exactly what happens this Educational malpractice where one teacher stands in front of 20 kids each one having different strains different needs different Gifts different dreams and you teach the same thing the same way. That's horrific. Ladies and gentlemen the defendant should not be acquitted this may be one of the worst criminal offenses ever To be committed and let's mention the way you treat your employees Objection overruled. [Judge:I want to hear this]. It's a shame Mean teachers have the most important job on the planet yet. They're underpaid No wonder so many students are short change let's be honest Teachers should earn just as much as doctors because a doctor can do heart surgery and save the life of a kid But a great teacher can reach the heart of that kid and allow him to truly live See teachers are heroes that often get blamed, but they're not the problem. They work in a system without many options on the wrights curriculums are created by policy [makers] most of which have never taught a day in their life just obsessed with Standardized tests they think bubbling in a multiple-choice question will determine Success that's Outlandish in fact these tests are too crude to be used and [should] be abandoned But don't take my word for it. Take Frederick J Kelley the man who invented standardized testing who said, and i quote, And I hoped these tests are too crude to be used and should be abandoned ladies and gentlemen of the jury If we continue down this road the results will be Lethal I don't have much faith in school, but I do have faith in people And if we can customize health care, cars and Facebook pages, then it is our duty to do the same for education to upgrade and change and do away with school spirit 'cuz that's useless unless we're working to bring the spirit out of each and every student that should be our task no more common core instead Let's reach the core of every heart in every class sure math is important, but no more than art or dance Let's give every gift an equal chance I know this sounds like a dream but countries like Finland are doing impressive things they have shorter school days, teachers make a decent wage homework is Non-existent and they focus on collaboration Instead of competition, but here's the kicker boys and girls their educational system outperforms every other country in the world. Other places like Singapore, succeeding rapidly schools like Montessori programs like Khan academy there is no single solution But let's get moving because while students may be 20% of our population They are 100% of our future so let's attend to their dreams. There's no telling where we can achieve This is a world in which I believe a world where fish are no longer forced to climb trees I rest my case. [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Charismaticlearner [4 likes]: Those who didn't know, princeEA just edited the title (2026) in all his video
  2. @Top_breadbrah [1 likes]: 'what bro sends me after failing ONE test' ahh
  3. @yo_isgood [1 likes]: 1:41 “what bro sends me after failing his exam” ahh😭🥀
  4. @LfGamingC.W [1 likes]: People in 2026 
👇
  5. @proud_bosnian25 [1 likes]: He made a statement.....
  6. @RenderLab12: One of the best videos I saw
  7. @Candice-n8v: Not me only watch this in the big 26
  8. @Im_Peace: we need to bring this back! We need to help change there is hope!! Ive never forgotten this video. I feel this everyday even after school during it I've felt it
  9. @davidrampton9195: This video make me want to drop out RN but my parents won’t let me😭
  10. @LucyPotter-117: its crazy how its been a decade(watching in 2026 ;P) and we can still relate with this on a personal level on this
  11. @AbhiveerVerma-d7l: pooppooooo
  12. @ED1TŻSAĠA: Wait isn't ts guy a perv or sum
  13. @HathiRulez: You know I’m sad. It’s 2026 and nobody has changed the education system . Come on people stand up for what’s right!
  14. @exqul_yt: What bro sends me when he fails a test
  15. @haniya-e4u: this is so TRUE
  16. @Elison-1: 2026...
  17. @zero_apprasier: The crazy part school need change bit to let students pick whatever they want to their subject that's makes them easier
  18. @jacintakingoo6540: Fun fact:every year trees are cut to make exams
  19. @errorka_404: 6 years, but students only have A1 at english
  20. @Dylan577games: 9 years ago btw
nothing changed

- How to Maintain Your U.S. Residency While Living Abroad: Kind: captions Language: en Many retirees and expats choose to live abroad for a more affordable and comfortable lifestyle. But one common concern is how to maintain US residency while enjoying life in another country. Understanding the rules and requirements can help you avoid complications with taxes, voting rights, and access to US services. One of the most important aspects of maintaining US residency is understanding the difference between residency for tax purposes and legal residency for state benefits. The United States does not require you to live within its borders to remain a citizen, but your tax obligations remain the same no matter where you live. The IRS requires US citizens to file taxes annually regardless of their country of residence. However, tools like the foreign earned income exclusion, FEIE, and the foreign tax credit can help reduce or eliminate double taxation. Keeping a US mailing address, preferably in a state with no income tax, can be beneficial for financial and legal reasons. Some expats use a family member's address or a mail forwarding service to maintain an official US address. State residency is another consideration, especially if you plan to return to the United States at some point. Some states make it easier than others to maintain residency while living abroad. If you are unsure of your state's policies, check with the Department of Motor Vehicles and local tax offices. Maintaining a driver's license, a registered vehicle, and voting rights in your home state can help establish continued residency. In many states, registering to vote with an overseas address may change your status to a non-resident voter, which could impact your ties to that state for tax purposes. Health insurance is another crucial factor if you plan to return to the United States for medical care. Maintaining a US-based health insurance plan is important. If you need affordable travel medical insurance in different countries, there is a link in the description. Medicare does not cover health care outside the United States. So, retirees often need an international health insurance policy. If you are under Medicare, maintaining an address in the United States is required to keep your coverage active for when you [Music] return. Some expats choose to enroll in Medicare Part A, which is free for most, and delay part B until they return to the United States to avoid unnecessary premiums. Banking and financial access also require careful planning. Some US banks may flag or restrict accounts if they suspect you are living abroad permanently. Keeping a US bank account open and using a US address for banking correspondence can help you avoid issues. Some banks and brokerage firms do not allow expats to open or maintain investment accounts while residing overseas. So, it is essential to check with your financial institution before moving. Using a credit card linked to a US billing address and maintaining some financial transactions in the US can further support your residency status. Ultimately, maintaining US residency while living abroad requires careful planning and documentation. Keeping ties through taxes, state residency, voting, banking, and health insurance ensures that you remain connected to the US while enjoying your life overseas. Understanding these key factors will help you avoid legal and financial complications and provide peace of mind as you explore retirement in another country.

  Top Comments:
  1. @tnapes7 [1 likes]: Complete BS......if you don't like America and you want to leave, then do it.   You won't.  You are all talking crap.
  2. @ozzsp250: Retired living aboard without a physical address in the US how do you maintain a US bank? You still have to final annual US tax return.
  3. @chrisparimeros7507: The biggest stress for many long-term expats isn’t taxes or visas — it’s missing something important from back home.
Deadlines, bank letters, government notices… those don’t always go fully digital.
Solid mail handling setup = massively underrated.
  4. @HandyDandy4u: Medicare MAY be covered outside the US under part C for emergency and urgent care. You also may not need to maintain an address in an income tax-free state to avoid state taxes while living abroad
  5. @cgordon3370: Kill the music it’s annoying can’t focus on what you are saying

- 10 Benefits of Being an Australian Permanent Resident  - PR: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm Chris Johnson from work visa lawyers today we'll be talking about the 10 Main benefits of being an Australian permanent resident please subscribe to our channel to receive all the latest immigration news and updates number one Medicare enrolling Medicare to have access to the Australian Universal Health Care system that provides you access to a range of healthare services for free or at a lower cost including Medical Services by doctors Specialists and other health professionals number two working rights as a permanent resident you'll have full work rights you can work at any job for any employer without restrictions in 2022 Australia had the third highest monthly average pay in the world of us 4,218 per month there are some exceptions to what jobs you can get for example specific organizations such as the Australian public service or Defense Forces may need you to be an Australian citizen for you to work for them number three cheaper higher education for permanent residents permanent residents have access to domestic fees which is cheaper than International students number four child care and education subsidy PR holders can be eligible for Child Care Subsidy the Australian government pays subsidies directly to your child care provider to reduce the fees you pay for child care also have access to government schools where children can get free education up to the 12th grade there are some limited admin fees associated with public schools number five Social Security and center link permanent residents of at least 2 years will in some circumstances be eligible for center link center link offers social welfare and may be a available to you with Aid in relation to sickness unemployment and study and it can in some circumstances be extended to your family members number six buy property and get a grant permanent residents will be eligible for the first homeowners Grant of $10,000 which can be applied to purchase your first apartment house unit or townhouse this contrasts with temporary Visa holders that have to get foreign investment review board approval or furb approval and pay a large fee to be able to buy property in Australia number seven live in New Zealand with Australian permanent residency you can live work and visit New Zealand you can also buy a house in New Zealand while an Australian permanent resident number eight sponsor family to come to Australia as a permanent resident you may be able to sponsor your family members such as sisters brothers parents and laws and others for certain types of visas usually short-term visas like visitor visas number nine apply for Australian citizenship as an Australian citizen you're able to do several things including to vote in elections and to get certain jobs and to serve in the Defense Force to apply for Australian citizenship normally you need to have been a permanent resident for at least one year and to have lived in Australia for at least 4 years prior to applying children born to permanent residents in Australia are automatically granted citizenship number 10 live in Australia and have the freedom to travel overseas the grant of permanent residency means you can live in Australia permanently without a time limit while you're in Australia the ability to travel on your first permanent residency Grant is for 5 years if you meet the residency requirements then you can extend the ability to travel through applying for another Visa called a resident return Visa some people keep renewing their PR and extending their ability to travel for the rest of their lives so that's a summary of 10 things that are benefits of being an Australian permanent resident but there are probably lots of other benefits we haven't also talked about some of the challenges that come with being an Australian permanent resident and some of the threats of losing permanent residency which we may cover in another video if you have any questions or need any help with your PR please contact us we're one of Australia's largest immigration law firms and have a team of professional immigration lawyers and registered migration agents that can help you for further information about Australian immigration and visas subscribe thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @norarey3655 [3 likes]: Thank you for the information. Could you please talk about parents visas ?
  2. @DanishKhan-fv5kn [2 likes]: Excellent information, Thanks
  3. @dhivyakharthik3079 [2 likes]: Amazing info. Thanks so much. What if we have lived only one year during the 5 yrs of PR? If we stay another with the RRV visa, Would we get another 5 years (considering having lived 2 yrs now )?
  4. @Umairibrar-ts8hm [2 likes]: Great information videos ❤
  5. @Ganeshan-o5e9n [1 likes]: Good morning sir thank  you for that information could you please tak about  plants visa
  6. @jameelsaazer [1 likes]: Can you please tell about RRV facility?
  7. @connyramba4677 [1 likes]: ❤
  8. @LUCKY-SKY-2124 [1 likes]: I was on a PR visa with my family a few years ago in 2014 - 2018, after that I left Australia and I had to get a tourist visa to return, is it possible for me to get my PR again based on my previous one?
  9. @kashifch.5350 [1 likes]: Despite of these partial support in health, education etc. the cost of living is the highest in the world and finding jobs is very difficult. In most cases people having impressive overseas experiences are not offered job. If you want to ruin your life, come to Australia. Reality is different from what is told to the world. Most immigrants get low paid odd jobs or no jobs. Employers do not consider your qualifications and work experience outside Australia and in many cases who you know is more important what you know.
  10. @HeenaPatel-mp9sd [1 likes]: Invitation receceived for 491 mechanical engineer in 2022 completed all formalities in 2023 but still awaiting for visa
  11. @aheat3036 [1 likes]: What are the different ways someone can get a Green Card?
  12. @augustuswaltercnjacobs2470: The doctrine of immigrants must be alwas
immgrate if you must
but when you imigrate
leave you religion, you culture, you language, you eduction your way of life back where you come from
you  ( or do keep your religion your way of life within the 4 walls of your house)  but but????? you must adapt our culture, our way of life, our language our eduction, otherwise go back where you come from or migrate to a country that adapts your way of life, 
our forefathers did it why not you?
  13. @arviesumagaysay4541: Hello..can i get your email? Thnk you.
  14. @Drink.to.Badtown: #winning
  15. @MorningtoEvenin: I have been get  pr in austrailia for 2.5 years but i m not got centrelink once😡 although I m unemployed 😢
  16. @rabirandhawa3555: My visa was granted. I want to change my email address, immigration asked me to fill a form 929, there is a question in the form, visa currtely held there is yes or no option, I will click on no, but a column is shown below, is that column There was also something to fill in
  17. @fk8395: Hello Sir
The secondary teachers being invited to apply for visas, which country are they mostly from. And which curriculum do they teach?
What are the chances of success for  a science/Math teacher with 75+15 points but teaching in an African secondary school to get a visa ? The curriculum is 8-4-4
  18. @JaiKumar-kp2bg: Decision implementations takes long time reasons unknown
  19. @Mjb-t2t: The problem is become permanent  resident the current government just made promises nothing happened🙂🙃

- Trump's 2025 Tax Law: What Expats Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en Hey there and welcome back to Savvy Nomad's channel. In today's video, we're going to talk about something that's been in the news a lot lately, and that's the so-called One Big Beautiful Bill Act that was just signed into law by President Trump. This is a major new tax law contains a lot of changes to the tax code. But here, we're just going to talk about the changes that pertain to US expats and taxpayers that are living overseas. But before we do that, do us a solid. Make sure you hit that like button. It really helps us out in the algorithm so we can get this content to more people who really need to see it. So with that said, let's dive in to the new tax law. [Music] First, we'll begin with the positives. The bill contains a lot of provisions that could prove very beneficial for US expats and taxpayers living overseas. But one thing that has not changed is the foreign earned income exclusion other than the previously scheduled increase from $126,500 to $130,000. The foreign earned income exclusion is one of the most important tax provisions for US expats. Remember that it allows taxpayers who are living overseas to exclude a certain portion of their foreign earned income from US federal income taxes. To qualify, you must meet either the physical presence test or the bonafide residence test. And we talk a lot more about that in our full video on the foreign earned income exclusion. So, make sure you check that out. Link is in the video description. Now, one important change that the tax bill brings is the increase in the state and local tax deduction. If you're an expat that still pays state taxes, the bill increases the salt deduction cap from $10,000 to $40,000. Now, being Savvy Nomad, we obviously recommend that US expats change their doicile to a zero tax state such as Florida. Here at Savvy Nomad, we specialize in facilitating that process. It's what we do. So, if you're interested in learning more about how you can save thousands of dollars in state income taxes, make sure you check out that link in the video description and use the code YouTube for 15% off. Now, those were the positives. So, let's now talk about some of the downsides. The first is the new 1% remittance tax. This tax will now apply to any outbound money transfers from the US starting in 2026. Now, this tax is specifically for transfers made using cash money orders or cashiier checks. So, if you're using a USissue debit card, credit card or a transfer, you don't have to worry. These changes won't apply to you. But if you don't have access to a US bank account, or you're using non-bank money services, then this could affect you. This really underscores the importance of why getting or keeping a US residential address is extremely important and this is something that Savvy Nomad can help you out with. Again, check out that link in the video description. Another change you need to be aware of is with the child tax credit. To claim the refundable portion of the credit, at least one parent on a joint return and the qualifying child must both have a valid US social security number. Now, if you don't have one and you're an expat who has a dual citizen uh child, you don't have a US social security number, this could be a problem. Now, as a reminder, these changes only affect the 2025 tax year. So, you won't need to worry about any of this until you file uh in 2026. So, if you want to keep on top of any new changes, make sure you get on our new weekly newsletter. Link is in the video description for that. We'll keep you updated on any new developments. If you enjoyed this video, you want to learn more about nomad tax strategies and financial tips, make sure you subscribe to our channel. And again, hit that like button. It helps us out in the algorithm so we can keep bringing you this content for free. Until next time, safe travels and happy tax planning.

  Top Comments:
  1. @cgatito3528 [1 likes]: It's ridiculous that we put up with so many rules and regulations on every aspect of our lives.  Home of the free my ass.
  2. @Chris-u6s1m [1 likes]: Maybe young men should consider denouncing their US citizenship entirely and volunteer for military service in the decent country they want to live in. Problem solved. In so many ways.
  3. @TandJ245 [1 likes]: TaxAct app asks you if you want to have your child enrolled in a Trump Account. WTF!! Is this
  4. @vmlenigma [1 likes]: WTF is the different between an expat and an immigrant? you are no different than the people trump and his red hats hate...its a good thing people in the countries you are gentrifying are finally kicking you IMMIGRANTS out.
  5. @John-nr8vs [1 likes]: Something I think you missed, once you establish overseas residency, usually 183 or more in another country. These countries consider you a resident and also tax worldwide income. So do your research folks.
  6. @joeharley9395 [1 likes]: That’s it? I thought you said there were positives? Was I the only one who heard Trump rallying saying that expats should not pay taxes if living abroad? 

Who else heard that promise and now feels deceived?
  7. @larp-q2m: lol the only thing "us citizen' about me it's the fact I was born there, I spend and still live all my life in Europe but no I have to do some bs
  8. @charliechan578: why do you play music behind us when you’re speaking? What is the function of that?
  9. @barecavebear3937: Worse is paying Medicare and never be treated for decades. And then in many countries you can't buy health insurance after a certain age so they transfer you into their government health insurance program so you are paying double.
  10. @mali4282: As a US citizen abroad you pay the same amount of federal tax as a person living in the US and enjoying the benefits, why? You probably need to pay someone to do your taxes because it’s so complicated, why? But maybe worst of all it’s the lingering anxiety that you’ve missed something or made a mistake regarding taxes, fbar or whatever and now you’ll be thrust into IRS tax and penalties hell.
  11. @aliensensum8663: Satan, Hitler, Mao, Stalin… No force of evil can match the IRS.
  12. @chimpin-bs: This thumb sounds threatening. Is it clickbait?
  13. @chimpin-bs: Expats are not driving on US streets, over US bridges, nor using ANY US infrastructure. Why shouldn't there be huge tax breaks for them?
  14. @CaraInSpain: I’m thinking about the money transfer change. 
So you said ACH transfer is excluded. Is that like where we use an IBAN to make an electronic transfer? For example currencies direct or from an investment account? 
What is an example of a transfer that is subject to the 1% now? Would it be if I carry cash across a land border?
  15. @bartholomewnathaniel807: As there are sooo many Foreigners living and working in The US sending $ back to their families The Gov. WANTS 'its cut' - of course!
  16. @iAmOrenWhoRU: I was hoping you are going to say that Trump got rid of FATCA!
It forces non-USA government to snitch on their citizens, bureaucracy that blocks normal financial activity that requires endless form-filling and re-filling whenever changes are made: kind of reminds me of children snitching on their parents to the Nazis/Communists.
Most non-communist countries - yes, USA has became communist because of the #ShittyLeft that infested all organizations - do not tax out-of-country income, nor require to report it.  USA will tax a "US affiliated person" for salary on mining minerals on Orion...
  17. @agentjackbauer88: This is why Crypto is the future.
  18. @thesilentgeneration: The US is the only country I know that follows their citizens all over the world in order to bleed them dry for tax money.
  19. @timisaacson5509: U.S. states with no state income tax are: Alaska, Florida, Nevada, New Hampshire, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, and Wyoming.
  20. @emell7025: The IRS owes me so much in tax returns that they refuse to pay out. I'd be living free for a year.

- How Does Dual Citizenship Affect Americans Getting European Residency?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How does dual citizenship affect Americans getting European residency? Imagine having the key to to different countries, making your life in Europe smoother and more flexible. That's what dual citizenship can do for Americans looking to live, work, or retire in Europe. When you hold citizenship in both the United States and a European country, it can change how you approach residency in many ways. First, if you become a citizen of a European Union country, you gain the right to live and work anywhere within the European Union and the European Economic Area. This means no need to apply four separate visas or work permits each time you move to a new country. It's like having a universal pass for the whole region. You can travel freely and take up employment in countries like France, Germany, or Spain without extra paperwork. Getting European citizenship through naturalization usually takes 5 to 10 years of legal residence plus language skills and cultural integration. But if you already have citizenship from a European country, you skip that lengthy process. Your residency rights are automatic, making it much easier to settle down. This can be especially helpful if you plan to stay long-term or retire comfortably. However, not all European countries allow dual citizenship. Countries such as Austria, Germany, and the Netherlands have strict rules. Some requiring Americans to give up their US citizenship to get European citizenship, while others permit dual citizenship under certain conditions. It's essential to check each country's laws before you start the process. Having dual citizenship also means you must use your US passport when entering or leaving the United States when traveling to your European country of citizenship. You should use your European passport. This dual travel requirement can sometimes create legal questions, but it generally does not interfere with your residency rights. Living as a dual citizen offers practical benefits, too. You can access health care, social services, and property ownership in your European country more easily. Renewing visas or permits becomes a necessary, saving time and effort. Plus, you can move back and forth between the United States and Europe without restrictions, which is great for maintaining family ties or business interests. In summary, holding dual citizenship can make obtaining and maintaining European residency much simpler for Americans. It grants immediate rights to live and work across many countries, bypassing the usual visa hurdles. Still, it's important to research each country's specific rules as not all European nations permit dual citizenship. If you're considering this route, understanding these legal and administrative details can help you plan your move smoothly.

- How Does Tax Residency Affect Americans With Dual Taxation In Europe?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] How does tax residency affect Americans with dual taxation in Europe? Imagine living in Europe and earning income but wondering how taxes will work across two countries. Your tax residency status can change everything. When you live in Europe, the country you are considered a resident of for tax purposes will want to tax your worldwide income. Usually, this means spending more than 6 months or 183 days in that country or having a permanent home there. Now, as an American citizen, the United States taxes you on your worldwide income no matter where you live. So, if you become a tax resident in Europe, you might face taxes from both countries on the same income. This is called dual taxation, and it can seem complicated at first. Luckily, the United States has agreements called double taxation treaties with many European nations to help manage this. These treaties include mechanisms like foreign tax credits. That means if you pay taxes in Europe, you can often claim a credit on your US tax return for those taxes. This reduces the amount you owe to the United States on the same income. There's also the foreign earned income exclusion which lets qualifying Americans exclude a certain amount of income earned abroad from US taxes. However, this exclusion has limits and specific rules, so not everyone qualifies. Sometimes you might be considered a resident of both the United States and your European country. These situations are called dual residency. The treaties have tiebreaker rules to decide which country has primary taxing rights. Factors like where your permanent home is, where your main interests lie, or where you habitually live are used to make this decision. For practical purposes, Americans living in Europe need to file US tax returns every year, reporting all income from around the world. They also need to follow local tax rules, which might include paying social security contributions or other local taxes. Some countries offer special tax programs or residency options like Portugal or Greece which can provide tax advantages or lower rates. Getting professional advice is highly recommended. Tax laws are complex and a professional can help you plan to minimize taxes legally and stay compliant. Understanding your tax residency status and how treaties work can save you money and prevent surprises. In short, your tax residency determines which country taxes your income. For Americans in Europe, managing dual taxation involves knowing about treaties, claiming credits or exclusions, and meeting filing obligations. With proper planning, you can enjoy living, working, or retiring in Europe while keeping your tax situation smooth and straightforward.

- THE GREEN TRIP - ECO-FRIENDLY TRAVEL: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] e t y

  Top Comments:
  1. @soundventureseco-echo6319: So, how it's going?

- ECO-FRIENDLY TRAVEL | California Now Podcast: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you Welcome to California now a podcast produced by visit California I'm ceterius Johnson more and more people want to travel sustainably and in this episode we unpack what makes California such a phenomenal place for doing just that we start with kinds traveler CEO Jessica blotter Who highlights eco-friendly lodging options across the Golden State they have their own reusable water bottle program which I love refill stations throughout the hotel charging stations for electric vehicles so this is really a hotel that is doing it all when it comes to kindness to the environment after that Oksana and Max Saint John of the sustainable travel blog drink tea and travel tell us about taking an electric approach to the classic California road trip we rented a Tesla there's so many Chargers all over the place in terms of that it was very straightforward and Eda collar Vincent of ocean connectors shows us San Diego's Wild Side from birding and biking to a whale watching in citizen science Dance Tour that's all coming up on California now sometimes a vacation is about more than just you my next guest says traveling can also be about doing something to benefit the people and places you visit Jessica blotter is the founder and CEO of kind traveler and online travel agency that sets you up to do exactly that she's here to tell us about kind traveler as well as a few California destinations that showcase what sustainable travel is all about Welcome to California now Jessica hey thank you so much for having me it's such an honor oh thank you so you know I'd like to spend some time better understanding how kind traveler works and how people use it starting with where did you get the idea for it so I was on a vacation in Bailey's and I was I was with my now co-founder and we witnessed a lot of poverty and environmental despair specifically we saw families living in shocks next to some polluted swamps and we saw a lot of emaciated dogs um roaming everywhere and for us um being animal rescue volunteers here in the United States we had a really hard time just turning a blind eye to some of the despair that we witnessed so we had an experience down there that changed us and changed the way that we thought about travel specifically we decided to feed the dogs as they had approached us begging for food and unintentionally got other Travelers involved with this experience and we loved how that feeling of giving back actually just you know made us feel and we started to think about asking ourselves the question um how could we perhaps use our background working with startups and passion for entrepreneurship and travel um to perhaps create a way that might make it easy for travelers to give back to meaningful Charities that are on the ground connected to the health and well-being of destinations so you had this Revelation kind of that people want to have this you know a positive impact when they travel so then so how did you realize it so we Workshop the idea around and we came up with this idea for a give and get hotel booking platform and the idea would be that we would motivate travelers to give back a small donation a minimum of a ten dollar donation or more and then in return as a reward for that donation and they would get exclusive offers and perks from hotels that are participating in our program and then through that model through the give and get model 100 of donations would go back to the charity which then in turn would create a triple win between the traveler the hotel the charity and then of course the destination as well and so we were really ripe for it um it took us four years to build and then we launched it in 2016 as the world's first socially conscious giving get hotel booking platform that empowers travelers to give back to communities that they visit so so this is basically kind of like a way that Travelers can uh can donate to uh causes that you know the money's going to go directly 100 of that money is going to go directly to these groups on the ground in those areas that are doing important work 100 yeah and that that's really within the value alignment of what sustainable tourism and regenerative travel is you know it's really about harnessing resources um from the travel industry to support communities and environments that are in host destinations and so um it's it's really the premise of that and so we're sort of pouring all these putting all these things together and and creating a way to make it easy for travelers to feel good and we know there's a lot of research around giving back and how that's connected to trip satisfaction and frankly how it can be challenging to give back or make a positive impact in a meaningful way once you're already on the ground in the destination you know not everybody wants to volunteer a lot of people suffer through what's called Travelers guilt because they opt to do nothing and clearly um there's a lot of you know work to be done and no shortage of causes to address right I mean what if somebody did want to volunteer do you help them find you know say you want to spend the day of your vacation somewhere and you want to you know use your time to to do some good is that something that you do as well so with every booking experience on kind traveler you're going to learn about this a local charity that's been vetted that um is the opportunity for positive impact and kind traveler is going to measure exactly what that 10 donation will do and um really quick I mean ten dollars can do some amazing things I mean it can clean up 250 pounds of trash with the Russian River Keeper up in Sonoma County it might provide a day of care for a Marine Mammal patient with the Marine Mammal Care Center in La so we'll tell the traveler first um what that impact will do will also educate them on why you should care and why that's so important to the community but then there's another section called how you can travel kindly and it's really for those that want to go beyond the donation and learn about experiences that will support these non-profits some of them being volunteer experiences that they can perhaps get involved with while they're on the ground in the destination and we'll list those types of opportunities on the platform got it okay so you know and as you as you help you know connect people to places that Embrace sustainability and kind of match uh what folks care about how do you find these hotels and destinations I mean what's special about them yeah so we look for hotels and destinations that are also embracing sustainable value use so one key indicator in in finding those types of places are looking at sustainability like transparent sustainability policies that might be listed on a destination or within a hotel um within their website already so we kind of start there um California there are so many wonderful places throughout the state that are already embracing sustainable travel principles such as Lake Tahoe and Sonoma County so our work here is really well well primed and positioned because we have so many hotels and Industry players that are very much already on this journey and we're definitely going to talk about those uh those spots in California we're going to hit those in a minute but before we go there I was wondering if you could tell me like who uses kind traveler like who's who's a typical repeat customer we see a lot of families using kind traveler I think largely because when you look at sustainable travel and giving back it is a learning opportunity for children so kids have an opportunity to learn about why giving back is important and if there's a beach cleanup or something that might be offered by the non-profit it's a chance for parents to then teach their children about you know what Their donation dollars are doing how they're being put to work and why that's so important to creating a sustainable future we also see a lot of interest from Millennial and gen Z Travelers you know they're growing up in a different era and certainly have expressed a lot of interest in sustainability from a very young age and so we do have a lot of traction and interest with those types of travelers all right so let's talk about some sustainable destinations I mean I hear California is a leader in the category actually so let's start in Lake Tahoe a destination that really Champions eco-friendly travel do you have partner owners there um you know Tahoe is you know they're known for their water right 99.99 pure um which is an environmental access story I should share um but there we work with Edgewood Resort in South Lake Tahoe as well as pump jack in in North Lake Tahoe and um Travelers can find exclusive offers from both of those hotels when they support take care Tahoe which is an organization that is actually made up of a collection of more than 30 environmental organizations inspiring others to take action and preserve the beautiful natural environment of Lake Tahoe so they also offer a wide array of interesting events that you can get involved in while you're there like you can go to there's a science speaker series that they have going on this summer where you can learn about the power of bees and other topics such as the microclimates of lesser known varietals of wine so all sorts of things that you can do there but I think that kind traveler offers a great place to discover these types of Charities that are doing interesting work and also provide opportunities to get involved while you're there that's great okay let's do another spot in California maybe somewhere along the Central Coast ah San Luis Obispo perhaps Travelers wanting to visit the Central Coast can check out Hotel slow it's really the perfect home base for visitors to explore the attractions of the area when you're booking with kind traveler you'll have an opportunity to support the Surf Rider Foundation San Luis Obispo chapter which is a non-profit dedicated to the protection and enjoyment of the world's oceans and beaches so another thing that Travelers will enjoy about hotel slow is its eco-friendly Hospitality they have their own reusable water bottle program which I love refill stations throughout the hotel charging stations for electric kindness to the environment and communities while you're there if you want to have an experience you could sign up for a beach cleanup with the Surf Rider Foundation slow chapter or if you'd like to have your your own independent Beach cleanup and don't really want to stick to a schedule of any sort a new program that launched this Summer that I love it's hosted by the Central Coast Aquarium which has a great program for anyone who wants to do a spur of the moment Beach cleanup so they have a beach cleanup corner where you can go and grab your supplies and then when you return they will teach you how to sort the waste collect it as well as track what's been collected so far so you'll learn about some really unique measurement aspects of how the waste is being recycled and utilized and perhaps upcycled as well and so that's a really unique experience especially for family Travelers that might want to also teach their children about you know how to get involved with cleaning up our oceans yeah I was gonna say that would be a great kind of uh event to do with kids kind of like to to get them into the swing of things and you know we should say hotel slow is uh you know that's SLO for San Luis Obispo for people who don't know that's absolutely right okay so let's hit one more destination your choice where are you taking me sure so I absolutely love Sonoma County uh Wine Country they have so many ways that you can easily favor sustainable travel I mean first the fact that they're 99 of their Vineyard acreage is certified as sustainable so um so many wonderful things to do including one of my favorites as well is just kayaking down the Russian River such a great experience but um we have a variety of really incredible hotels in Sonoma County some like Farmhouse Inn we have the Flamingo Resort and Spa the Sandman Timber Cove even and when you book through kind traveler you have an opportunity to support a variety of Charities some being farmed to Pantry or Charlie's Acres or about five other non-profits that we have on the ground in that destination and what what are some of your favorite ways people can get involved when they're in Sonoma County check out Charlie's Acres Farm Animal Sanctuary which is a non-profit dedicated to rescuing farm animals who were abused or destined for the dinner table they offer some really cool experiences like sheet meditation if you've never heard of that but also goat yoga and just a really uh some really really just unique opportunities to connect with animals in unexpected ways so you know besides staying at one of these hotels what are some other ways the average person can become a more eco-friendly Traveler yeah absolutely so thinking about the way that you travel the transport um so thinking about how to lower your carbon footprint when you actually travel so thinking about how can you perhaps get involved with public transport are there trains that you could take is there an opportunity for an electric vehicle um those are some of the things walking you know choosing places that have good walkability um so you're not driving around the entire time um those are some things just looking at actually how you travel when you have to get on a plane um taking one direct flight versus a flight with lots of layovers is better for the environment um so those are some of the things um this is a really long conversation we can go into a couple other little things um it's you know pertain around just embracing a mindset of um leave no Trace you know pack in and pack out very simple um let's leave destinations better than before we arrived and let's you know shoot only photos and leave nothing but Footprints those are the types of things we need to be thinking about that's all really great advice Jessica this has been really wonderful thank you so much for joining us on California now thank you so much for having me I really appreciate the opportunity Jessica blotter is founder and CEO of kind traveler online at hindraveler.com as always we'll have links to all the places we talked about on today's episode and lots more on our website visit california.com podcast this is California now foreign I want to tell you about an interesting clothing company called doer they make clothes for the way a lot of us live today door makes pants for instance that you could easily wear while biking to work and you'd still look great at the office or at a nice dinner that night oh and if you wanted to go rock climbing on your lunch break they'd be perfect for that too now my first reaction when I tried their jeans shorts and polos was this is high quality stuff maybe too nice to wear out in the wild but if you want to feel stylish and comfortable even when you're out roughing it a little you should check them out also since this episode centers sustainability I should mention doer is big on plant-based Fabrics not synthetics and on designing clothes that last shopdoer.com is the website that's shopduer.com shopdoer.com if you're curious about sustainable travel you might wonder what an eco-conscious California road trip looks like my next guests went on exactly that kind of Adventure journeying from Wine Country to the Tri-Valley region and down the coast of Ventura Oksana and Max St John run the award-winning blog drink tea and travel Oksana Max Welcome to California now thank you great to be here thanks for having us yeah so so to start us out just briefly how did you first become travel bloggers yeah that started a long time ago now so we um we first became a travel blogger seven years ago now um and it all started with just a little hobby a little blog to write about our travels and kind of grew into something bigger and now it's a full-time business we're full-time Travelers we you know traveled the world write about it and tell our stories um through our blog and social media channels it's kind of like a lot of people's dream to do something like that was it scary for you guys I mean what was it like yeah we are little in the living yeah scary jump at first you know you're you're leaving the nine to five behind and the comfortable um but we're pretty excited and we kind of started off as just taking one big sabbatical and you know a year of travel or whatever it may be and that that was seven years ago we never looked back so it worked out pretty well for us it's not for everyone but we absolutely love it and and to be fair we were Travelers beforehand as well so when we did decide to quit our jobs we were actually living in Australia at the time so by no means were we home bodies that had never left uh Canada before we were Avid adventurers before I just it was a natural step forward right made it a little easier I guess exactly yeah yeah so so how did you decide to focus specifically on sustainable travel I mean what was that light bulb moment that that they just say like okay we're gonna go in this direction so what happened was we we started noticing the impact that travel has on the destinations we're visiting and on the environments that we're you know going to to see and we basically realized that you know we can be doing better as Travelers and we can be trying to be more sustainable in our travels and and so that's kind of how the idea came about and we just became more and more conscious of what we're doing and the impact that that our travel was was having on on the environment I think we were just dabbling at first we weren't really into that uh that mindset and that that place in life uh but like our Santa said we we just saw we just saw the impact that travel had on communities on countries on the environment and it was just a it made sense you know it made sense that if we have a voice that people listen to we might as well promote that voice to travel more sustainably rather than to travel aimlessly so it was just a natural progression it was just something that felt right and it's spelled right ever since uh we focused on sustainability prior for last five years uh and it feels great right right so and and you were in California recently um can you give us kind of like an overview I mean how long were you here and uh where did you go so we were in California for about two weeks total definitely not enough time to see even a sliver of but we started off in San Francisco and then we made our way to Sonoma County for a couple of days uh spent a couple of days in tri valley region and then um drove over to the coast so spent a couple of days in Monterey accountant and then drove down highway one all the way down through Ventura so it kind of did a little bit of the Bay Area and a little bit of the coast that's great and you know this this is being a you know an eco-conscious road trip how did you get around well that's the most exciting part of the road trip uh we rented a Tesla so I thought what better way to visit California than to drive a Tesla in the the states that brought us the Tesla so it was a really cool experience we've wanted to do that for quite some time it was only the second time we'd actually been able to do a road trip in a rental car so we're really excited to see what that experience would be like in a Tesla and overwhelming success I mean did it take any kind of extra effort to arrange that and uh was it worth it look I would say that the booking process was very straightforward there are obviously less availabilities and only some cities that you can rent electric cars from but you know when you're talking about a lot of the major cities in the United States uh that isn't too much of an issue and then planning your trip there's so many charges all over the place it felt like we could have stopped every you know 20 or 30 miles for for a coffee break at a Starbucks or some other uh parking lot and there was Tesla supercharges pretty much anywhere you looked so in terms of that it was very straightforward uh not difficult at all and actually kind of gave us a reason to to kind of pull off the highway sometimes that was actually a pretty good perk of that I have not driven a Tesla yet myself but I would imagine it must have been a fun car to drive absolutely it's it's funny because you know uh coming from driving maybe a sports car before you get into a Tesla you don't you look at it you don't think it's this super fast and advanced car you know because we had the model 3 it's the quote-unquote basic version of the car but right that thing has some serious pickup and speed uh and just some real cool Tech inside of it so you know the autonomous driving is very cool and yeah we we loved it that's great so so you started out in San Francisco as you said um just briefly what are like one or two places that you just have to recommend for people to visit well we really love Italian town because there's just so much going on there and there's such amazing food and um you know of course San Francisco has great food all around but we are particularly big fans of Asian food so that's where we spent a lot of our time um just sampling you know going into little shops here and there and picking up um little treats and then um yeah Max what was the highlight for you well just to go on the same line of talking in terms of electrification while we were in San Francisco we discovered that you guys have a very cool ride sharing slash moped sharing system there so we actually rented a electric moped that had helmets in there for both of us and we were able to Jet around all of San Francisco going to all the stops the piers on an electric motorcycle in essence or a little scooter and that was a very cool experience that was something we weren't expecting and it was a really cool way to uh to get around and see all the sights that you guys out there any uh any uh San Francisco spots that come to mind that you'd recommend to friends absolutely got to go to the Golden State Warriors game so we were super lucky uh it was uh round one of the playoffs against Denver and and we were in town so we were super lucky to go down and and check out the new stadium they've built there in San Francisco and watch a Golden State game so that was a pretty big thing off the Buckle this item for me being a big man NBA fan that's great so so after San Francisco you went up to Sonoma what stood out there in terms of assist of sustainable travel so Sonoma was probably one of our top destinations in California we just loved everything about Sonoma um it felt like everything there was done sustainably so we didn't have to you know really search for sustainable restaurants to search for sustainable wineries uh it seemed like everyone was doing sustainability and that was just kind of how they do things there so we had a great time there we had um some fabulous uh experiences at wineries that are you know organically farmed and have biodynamic certifications and all this great stuff we had some fantastic meals at the Barlow um and just yeah had a really great time kind of enjoying Sonoma County yeah I saw on Instagram that you checked out goatlandia um could you tell folks who aren't familiar with that what that is ghostlandia was a really cool experience so it is a Farm Sanctuary where basically they bring any of the animals that may have not sort of made it on a typical Farm maybe they were injured or um they didn't belong there because you know for example the male goats don't really stay on the farm because they don't produce milk and so they typically are sent somewhere um and so they they accept some of these animals and kind of just create a place for them to live and live out their lives and just enjoy their lives so we want a little tour there and met a lot of the animals and their super cute goats and lambs and pigs and all sorts of farm animals there but what was really great is that it's not just kind of like a petting zoo which you know there's a lot of places like that in in around the US and around the world but this is really purposeful you know you you go and you learn about the farm animals and the impact that Farms have on the animals and the impact that you can have on farm animals by choosing to eat a more plant-based diet so there was a real focus on um you know how you can improve the lives of farm animals and how you can kind of adapt your eating side files to a more plant-based eating and actually the the owners of gothlandia put together some snacks for us some kind of vegan snacks that you know none of us have probably tried before they're very creative it's a really great experience that's really great uh now you also spent some time in the Tri-Valley region around Livermore I feel like not everyone knows that it's a really great place for wine and craft beer what were some standouts for you guys Livermore was awesome um I think Livermore Valley as a wine region is definitely lesser known compared to you know Sonoma County or Napa Valley then um and it's a gem there's a lot of great wineries there and we particularly enjoyed actually the food and wine scene um so amazing restaurants and some really great kind of small cafes and really great craft breweries and and we just it felt like the entire time we were just we did a little bit of a hiking in the region so we were hiking and we were eating and we were drinking wine and we were eating a hiking and drinking wine again so it was a really good just you know a balanced uh we spent the weekend there so it was a perfectly balanced weekend because that's just what you do it's sounds like you gave the drinking tea a little bit of a break for this road trip yes definitely you know we do drink tea but were there any particular places that uh that really stood out for you there well you know actually you you talked about tea so um my favorite place to simple tea actually on this California was in chai Valley and it was this um cute little cafe called The Press Cafe and they do these amazing open face um toasty sandwiches and they just look super colorful like you're eating a rainbow and at that cafe they had a really great selection of loose leaf teas and my personal favorite currently obsessing over matcha lattes and they had an amazing matcha latte with all the you know non-dairy milk choices so they have the coconuts and the oat milk and all the choices and they just did an amazing job at that matcha latte and that went perfectly with our rainbow colored um Toasties that we had so that was definitely a highlight for the tea drinker and me yeah that's great what about uh wine or craft beer were there any standouts that uh you'd send friends to yeah we went to the uh Altamonte Beer Works so it was a very cool Craft brewery in town uh with I don't know five to ten different craft beers on top um we would just be able to sneak in there and try some of uh some of the beers that they had on one of the sampling paddles so it was very cool we always like trying some some local craft beer or wherever we are in the world uh because you know every every Craft brewery has their own take on what a craft beer should be and what this IPA should taste like or this sour so it's always good just to see that local flare come in from from Individual regions now I hear farm to table dining is also pretty popular there any memorable bites to share so there's a really great restaurant that we run to they are called range life and I think if I'm not mistaken it actually has a Michelin bib award so it's kind of cool it's really hard to get into and we were lucky to get a reservation and they have a really modern fare on the menu very seasonal very you know just focused on kind of what's what's in in season at the moment um so we had some a great meal there and uh definitely enjoyed kind of the unique take on the menu that they've got there so after that you traveled down the coast to Monterey and Ventura I mean just briefly what were a few of your favorite stops that you know you you'd recommend maybe I would I should check out so when we when we're in Monterey County now when you think Monterey County you kind of think you know ocean Coastal well watching you don't necessarily think wineries um and we have discovered a beautiful Winery that they are called folktale wineries located in Carmel and it is just a beautiful place it's um 100 organically farmed and so their Winery is sustainable and uh the wine itself is fantastic but what we really loved about the place is just kind of the vibe of the of the garden so you go outside and you get to do wine tastings outside and they've got this beautiful space with wine barrels and you know it kind of looks like the kind of place where you want to have a wedding outdoor Winery inspired wedding um and they had a stage and there was a live fail and you could order food to kind of pair with your wine flights and it was just a fantastic experience because we actually got to choose different wine flights you know Max tried um an old red I tried a little bit of white and a little bit of red and it was kind of felt like a very personalized and it was just a beautiful day and you know the live music and it just was a great experience something that we did not at all expect from Monterey County so that was a big surprise for us what about you Max yeah so the second day that we were there we decided to kind of drive around the car a bit we went down to point Lobo State reserve and that was very cool there's lots of hiking trails down there about to see some of the seals in the harbor uh also there's a huge colony of birds you know we're into Wildlife quite a lot in photography so it's very cool to take that little walk and then on the drive back we decided to uh to do the Pebble Beach Drive so that's the you know famous golf course that everyone knows that it is but it's a very beautiful they call it the 17 Mile Drive with lots of stops along the way where you can see these old petrified uh trees and then some cool ocean shots so that's a very cool drive that we kind of took back from Point Lobos back to the main city of Monterey and what about Ventura were there any spots there uh anything that really stood out to you that you would definitely recommend people go visit yeah Ventura was a very surprisingly Fun City Apple you know during the pandemic over the last two years they've closed down the main street that used to be just a regular you know Street in the city and they made a pedestrian only so there's so much pedestrian traffic there in the street now and everyone's just kind of out and about dining at restaurants and going to shops and so we really love that part of town we spent um actually both days that we were in Ventura we spent just kind of roaming around um the five block closed off pedestrian street just popping into shops and having bites at different restaurants and I absolutely love Ventura's kind of Thrifty Vibes there are so many thrift shops in the city um you know everything from kind of trendy clothing to Baby Goods to Furniture obviously we don't go Furniture shopping but tons of places too to check out and there's a really cool shop there called the refill shop and it's kind of like the sustainable Advocate dream shop you go in there and it's everything is plastic free everything is zero waste and refillable so you know you can bring your containers and fill up on shampoo and lotion and dishwashing liquid and you know buy sustainable makeup and anything you can think about that you kind of use on a daily basis they've got it so it's a fantastic stop and I went a little bit overboard on my shopping there and there's also really great restaurants in Ventura we actually had a fantastic meal kind of stumbled upon a restaurant called lure lure Fish House by accident and it was a fantastic meal um just a different again take on kind of the typical Seafood that we see elsewhere along the coast sustainably Source um but also just different dishes you know we had this amazing Grilled artichoke dish that we were both just so surprised but it was it tasted fantastic and it was just so simple but so delicious and there's just a good vibe and we enjoyed a good a bottle of wine from California with it as well so it was just a great way it was our last meal of uh of our time in California so it kind of was a perfect way to wrap up the trip yeah I know it sounds like it and it sounds like the whole trip was just so great um before we wrap up let's kind of just zoom out a little bit for a moment what would you say are some other sustainable travel tips you might want to share with people if they're thinking about doing it themselves so well sustainability can seem a bit overwhelming and unachievable at times people often think that if they want to be sustainable they have to like jump fully in and we always say you know don't worry about it take it one step at a time do this trip just a little bit better than you would do maybe the trip a year ago or any previous trip that you have been on you know try to pick a hotel that's a little bit more sustainable than the previous hotels you've stayed at or if you're looking for restaurants just try to see if they have sustainability mentioned anywhere on the menu it doesn't have to be that every single restaurant you go to is sustainable or every single Hotel you stay to is eco-friendly and Leed certified um it's it's so easy to get caught up in that kind of wanting to do to be perfect but the best thing we can do is to just take one step at a time it's super easy to do it in Californians which is why we really enjoy traveling in California right Max any closing thoughts I think she just stole the words out of my mouth I was just about to say that it's not always about green it's it's sometimes just about local you know if if you eat some fresh seafood from the coast or you eat your produce from from California that means it doesn't have to get shipped from somewhere else so if you're eating local then you're already doing a very good step uh towards helping the environment and the transportation of that uh and you're also supporting you know the local businesses that really rely on on your tours and dollars to to stay afloat so it's a very good and a very important step that sometimes gets grown absolutely well Max Oksana this has been really so much fun thank you so much for joining us on California now thanks so much for having us thanks for having us Oksana and Max St John run the blog drink tea and travel online at drinketravel.com and on Instagram at drink tea travel as always we'll have links to all the places we talked about on today's episode and lots more on our website visit california.com podcast this is California now sustainable travel is a big deal in California in no small part because of the state's amazing array of ocean Wildlife from whales and sea lions to migratory Birds my next guest says you can see and learn about all three in San Diego Eda caller Vincent leads the Eco tour program at Ocean connectors showcasing the area's fascinating ecology by boat bike and kayak Welcome to California now Eda thank you so for folks who aren't familiar what is ocean connectors a very small known for profit that are based in San Diego and they provide a free marine conservation education for youth in underserved Pacific communities so that is national city which is yes South of San Diego and also in 27 schools in nayaritin Mexico and they provide field trips as well as presentations that's really cool so in addition to to educating students on marine conservation the general public can also sign up for your Eco tours right that's correct yes so we have the equator program is to involve the public and get them out into the marine environment here in San Diego and teach them about the Flora and Fauna that we have here and the really cool thing is that when you buy a ticket to one of our Eco tours that money goes straight back into our educational program that's provided for free that's really cool so Ada I have to say looking at your bio you seem like exactly the type of person I want to show me what's great from a marine biology standpoint in a place like San Diego tell us a little bit about your background yes I'm a marine biologist I've been working as a marine biologist for over 17 years my background is in coral reef conservation and now I also do this youth education as well as public education I worked a lot with citizen scientists so taking people out that are not necessarily scientists by profession but teaching them about science and having them help with research for marine conservation right and you've done this work all over the world I take it right yes I have I've worked in a lot of different places I actually did my education in Australia I also lived in Madagascar and I then work in Papua New Guinea in the Philippines and the US so yeah a little bit all over yeah so so kind of you know having been all over the Pacific and Indian oceans the fact that you're in San Diego says a lot about what a world-class destination it is for for people interested in in marine conservation oh absolutely there is a vast array of marine life here that's quite amazing I didn't even know before I moved here that there's you know a healthy green sea turtle population that lives in our Bay so oh yeah the real Rich marine life yeah so let's talk about the uh the individual tours I know there are a few different ways your groups uh get around so why don't we start with the wildlife kayaking tour where does it go and what would I see yeah so that's uh goes out of Chula Vista Marina in the Bayside park that's South of San Diego in the South Bay of San Diego and there's the Chula Vista Wildlife Reserve that we will kayak out to it's a really unique environment because it's a wetland that has been restored and you can see that like the vast difference from going into the wetlands compared to where it hasn't been restored it's just a really rich bird life lots and lots of different Marine birds as well as sea life so we if we are lucky we will see one of the green sea turtles that I mentioned just before pop its head out on our way over and then once we're in the Badlands you go through these small canals of water and there's a lot of stingrays so it's a nursing ground for the Stingrays so we will see what the baby back Rays as well as round stingrays that's really great um and so uh you know what if I'm not the most experienced kayaker um is it something that I can still handle oh absolutely yeah you don't really have to have any previous experience it's good if you do have some but if you don't we go through all the basics before we set out and everyone gets a little bit of a chance to familiarize themselves with the kayaks before we head across the bay and into the wetlands are they individual kayaks are you going with uh two people at a time there's a mix so we have a couple of double kayaks most of them are individual but if they have children we usually put them with the parenting right in a double kayak that's really great so and you know for people who aren't familiar with Chula Vista Wildlife Reserve can you kind of describe you know what it looks like and what people will experience sure so sorry shallow baby and it used to be Wetlands all through it and they showed up with the wildra reserve is an area where they have restore these Wetlands so it's kind of narrow channels of water that cut through vegetation there's a lot of pickle weed and other native marine species that grow there that it's really what the bird life that we see there live on or off amazing that you can do that so close to the city right exactly yeah and most people don't even know about it I have a lot of guests from San Diego and they had no idea before they came on this trip oh that's funny that's one of those wetlands are here yeah now you also do a couple of Tours by boat right so how does that work yeah so we have our whale watching um ecotour that goes out during the whale watching season which is December to April then we go on a bigger boat and we will actually hand out into the Open Sea on that one so we start right down in downtown San Diego they go through the bay and head out past Point Loma into the open ocean to go find whales and dolphins and other creatures I think on them my last whale watching tour of the Season we saw a thresher shark jump out of the water so that was pretty special amazing wow and how long do those tours uh take are you talking about uh you know spending an afternoon out on the water it's a morning they're all morning tours and the whale watching run is probably our longest tour it would be like three hours sometimes four hours it depends a little bit on where we find the whales and how far out to sea we have to go so either what kind of whales uh would we see when we go on the whale tour and what's it like so the most common wealth species Mr Gray well we will look very rare occasion if we're lucky we might see an orca as well oh that's really great and what's special about the whale watching tour I think it's really special that you get to come out and see these whales that are right off our coast and a lot of time be lucky they are curious we get to see them pretty close up and then the real special thing when you come among our Eco tour system they also do a little bit of Citizen science so they use the whale alert app to record the whales we see that then information that are then passed on to scientists that they can use for their research we also inform if we see any injured or entangled whale and that then goes to Noah and they send out a rescue team so it's a way that you can partake and be part of their conservation that's happening here in our region so people on the tour can actually put these apps on their phones and then actually help scientists collect data uh for the research they're doing and for the conservation efforts that they're that they're part of oh yes absolutely that's correct and then they have this app on their phones so they can continue to contribute even after the tour what about the sea lion and harbor tour I mean how would you describe that to somebody who has never gone on a tour like that before yeah the sea lion and the harbor tour we start spread out of downtown San Diego and they go out into the bay it's really nice tour particularly for people from out of town as well as locals but out of time because you get to see the local landmarks as well as learning about sea lions and going to see the sea lions at the Navy docks so we'll be cruising through the harbor looking at all the different sites the Coronado Bridge Shelter Island all our local landmarks and then we also get to see the sea lions when they hold out on the docks and we go through and talk about the Ecology of sea lions and the conservation efforts that are being made here in San Diego to protect them yeah so what's something that surprises people about sea lions when you kind of you know do your thing you tell them about the sea lions what do you find that people are most kind of surprised to learn about them oh I think one of the most fun facts is that you know we all have the image of a sea lion balancing a ball on their nose right but they're actually using their whiskers and their whiskers are very tactile and they're like hands and they can move them around so they're actually kind of holding the bone rather than balancing it interesting I never knew that that's amazing so they can actually kind of move them around and kind of articulate them almost like fingers or something yeah exactly that's really cool um so you know then there's the birding and biking tour and I know that birders can be very passionate about the hobby um how would you describe the tour yes it's a biking tour um we start Bound by Imperial Beach down in the South Bay again which is where we have really rich bird life it's a tour that's for anyone it's for any beginner and actually most of the guests I have are beginner birders they like to learn a little bit more we teach you about the bird like we see and we also use e-burn which is a citizen science platform where you can record your birds and you can create bird list for yourself as well as providing information for scientists so so where exactly do you go on the tour and and what's the area like the start on the beach or Bikeway so that's a Bikeway that actually goes all around the bay here in San Diego and we will just do the southern section of it and do you tend to spot any like rare or special birds that maybe people can only see you know in this area we do and particularly during thought this it might we have a lot of migratory birds that arrive in winter so winter time is a really good time to do this tour if you want to see the migratory Birds we then get species that come here for to keep warm over the winter most of them come down from Canada or the Pacific Northwest but also my favorite time of year is actually right now so like May June and that's when the least turn in the Caspian turns Nest so we see a lot of turns like hundreds of turns in the area there's a beach out there where they own this and they're amazing to watch when they fish for their prey because they will hover over the water and then dive in to get there get the fish well you know this has been really wonderful thank you so much for joining us on California now thank you my pleasure Eda caller Vincent leads Eco tours for ocean connectors in San Diego online at oceanconnectors.org this is it's hard to believe but this is the 75th episode of California now it's been an amazing journey so far and I'm incredibly excited about what the future holds in store having said that we're about to go on hiatus for the summer we'll recharge our batteries discuss some cool Innovations plan out new episodes and reconnect with you in the fall talk to you then

  Top Comments:
  1. @eprohoda: Yahoo, you sharedw ell !California!

- Green Card Travel Warning 2026 (Don’t Leave the U.S. Yet!): Kind: captions Language: en If you're a green card holder and you've been planning to travel outside the United States in 2026, you need to pause for just a moment because right now there are a lot of viral posts, Tik Tok clips, and WhatsApp messages spreading fear. People are saying things like green card holders will be stopped at the airport. New travel rules are starting. Re-entry will be denied. Biometric exit will cancel your green card. And if you've been seeing those headlines, I want you to take a deep breath because in this video, I'm going to give you the real truth. What has actually changed, what has not changed, what is rumor, what is policy discussion, and what the law still says today. Most importantly, I'm going to explain the one thing you must know before you leave the United States so you don't accidentally put your green card at risk. Let's break it down clearly, calmly, and based on real immigration law. Now, first, I want to be very clear. This video is general information, not personal legal advice. Every immigration case is different. If you have a complicated situation like a past arrest, long trips outside the US, pending immigration applications, or you've been questioned before at the airport, you should speak with a licensed immigration attorney before traveling. Now, let's get into it. Here's the biggest problem in 2026. Green card holders are hearing the word travel warning, and they assume it means something new and scary has suddenly changed. But in reality, most green card travel problems in 2026 are not coming from a brand new law. They are coming from two things. Number one, the US government is getting more strict about how it tracks travel and residents. And number two, many green card holders don't understand how easy it is to accidentally trigger abandonment issues when they travel. So the warning is real, but the truth is not what social media is claiming. Let's start with the biggest misunderstanding. A green card is not a travel visa. A green card is permanent residence. That means you are allowed to live in the United States permanently, but you are also expected to treat the United States as your main home. So when you travel, the US government is not just asking, "Do you have a green card?" They are asking something much deeper. Are you actually living in the US as a permanent resident or are you using your green card like a long-term tourist document? That question is the center of everything. And in 2026, CBP officers are asking it more aggressively than before. Now, let's talk about what people are calling the new travel rules. You may have heard that the US has a new biometric entry exit system. You may have heard that airports will scan your face. You may have heard that DHS will track your departures. And you may have heard that if you stay outside too long, the system will flag you automatically. Now, let's separate the truth from the fear. Yes, the US government is expanding biometric tracking. Yes, CBP uses facial recognition at many airports. Yes, DHS wants more accurate records of who enters and who leaves. But here's what has not changed. The law about green card travel has not suddenly been rewritten. There is no new rule that says green card holders are banned from travel. There is no new law that says you lose your green card automatically just because you traveled. And there is no automatic cancellation system that instantly revokes your status when you leave. Green cards are not cancelled by a computer. They are taken away through legal processes, usually at the border or in immigration court. So if you see posts claiming your green card will be cancelled automatically, that is misinformation. But and this is important, the tracking systems make it easier for CBP to notice patterns. And that is why the warning matters. In 2026, you are more visible than ever. Your travel history is not a mystery. Your entry and exit records are more accurate. and CBP officers can see the full pattern in seconds. So, if your travel looks like you are not truly living in the US, you can be questioned and that can become serious. Now, let's talk about the number one travel mistake that green card holders make. It is staying outside the US too long. But most people misunderstand what too long means. Some people think I can stay outside for one year and come back. Others think if I return before 6 months, I'm safe. Others think I have a green card, so I can travel anytime. But the real truth is more complex. Here's the general rule. If you are outside the United States for less than 6 months, in most cases, you are fine. Not always, but usually. If you are outside the United States for more than 6 months, but less than one year, you can still re-enter, but you may face more questioning. And if you are outside the United States for 1 year or more, you usually cannot return using your green card alone. You may need a re-entry permit or you may need a returning resident visa. But here's the part that most people do not understand. Even if you return before 6 months, you can still be questioned. Because CBP does not only look at one trip, they look at your pattern. For example, if you live outside the US and just fly in every 5 months for one week, that looks suspicious. If you spend more time outside than inside, that looks suspicious. If you have no US job, no US address, no US tax filing, no US life, that looks suspicious. So, the warning for 2026 is not just about one trip. It's about whether your green card lifestyle matches permanent residence. Now, let's talk about what CBP can actually do at the airport. This is where many people panic. When you arrive at a US airport as a green card holder, CBP can do several things. They can admit you quickly. They can send you to secondary inspection for more questions. They can ask you for documents. They can review your travel history. They can ask where you live, where you work, and how long you were gone. And in extreme cases, they can accuse you of abandoning your residency. Now, let me be very clear. CBP cannot cancel your green card instantly, like flipping a switch. But CBP can pressure you. They can ask you to sign a form giving up your green card. This is one of the most dangerous moments for a green card holder because some people under stress sign the paper without understanding. And once you sign that form, you may lose your status voluntarily. So, here is a very important travel warning for 2026. Never sign any document at the airport unless you fully understand it. If you are pressured, you can request to speak to an attorney. You can also refuse to sign and ask for your case to be heard by an immigration judge. That is your right. Now, that does not mean you should fight CBP for no reason, but you should never give up your green card out of fear. Now, let's talk about what triggers CBP suspicion in 2026. Here are the biggest red flags. One, long trips outside the US. Two, multiple long trips repeatedly. Three, not filing US taxes as a resident. Four, saying you live in another country. Five, having your spouse and children living abroad permanently. Six, no US address or no proof of residence. Seven, pending criminal issues. Eight, past immigration fraud issues. Nine, past removal orders or old overstays. And 10, applying for benefits that require continuous residence while spending long periods abroad. Now, let's talk about taxes because this is huge. Many green card holders think, "I don't live in the US most of the time, so I'll file taxes as a non-resident." That is a serious mistake. A green card holder is generally treated as a US tax resident. If you file taxes incorrectly or you do not file taxes at all, that can become evidence that you abandoned residency in 2026. This is one of the biggest reasons green card holders get questioned. So, the warning is simple. If you have a green card, file taxes properly every year. If you are confused, talk to a tax professional. Now, let's talk about the other big issue in 2026. Naturalization. Many green card holders want US citizenship, but they don't realize that travel affects citizenship eligibility. To apply for citizenship, you must meet continuous residence and physical presence requirements. Long trips can break continuous residence, and too many trips can reduce physical presence. So, some green card holders travel heavily for years, then apply for citizenship, and USCIS denies the application because the travel history shows they were not living in the US. Even worse, sometimes USCIS starts investigating the green card itself. So, in 2026, the travel warning is not only about re-entry, it's also about future citizenship. If you want to become a US citizen, your travel decisions matter today. Now, let's get practical. What should you do before leaving the US in 2026? First, know your trip length. If your trip will be under 6 months, most likely you will be okay, but still keep proof that you live in the US. If your trip will be over 6 months, you need to be more careful. If your trip may approach one year, you should seriously consider a re-entry permit before leaving. A re-entry permit is a travel document that helps show you did not intend to abandon residency. It is not a guarantee, but it is powerful and it can save you. Now, a lot of people ask, "If I have a re-entry permit, can I stay outside for 2 years?" A re-entry permit is typically valid for up to 2 years. But even with a re-entry permit, you should still keep ties to the US because CBP can still question you if your overall lifestyle shows you don't really live in America. So, the re-entry permit helps, but it does not replace residency. Now, let's talk about what documents you should carry. This is important. When you travel, carry proof of US ties. For example, proof of your US address, proof of your US job or business, recent pay stubs, tax returns, bank statements, lease or mortgage, utility bills, school records for children, health insurance, anything that shows your real life is in the US. Now, I want to address a viral claim. Some people are saying in 2026 CBP will take your phone and check your social media. This is a sensitive topic. CBP does have authority to search electronic devices in some situations, especially for non-citizens, but for green card holders, it is not routine. However, if you are flagged for fraud or criminal issues, they may search. So, the best advice is don't travel with suspicious content, false documents, or anything that could create misunderstandings. Now, another viral rumor is green card holders will be blocked due to new immigration enforcement. This is misinformation. Green card holders are lawful permanent residents. They have strong legal rights. But those rights are not unlimited. If you commit certain crimes, you can be placed in removal proceedings. If you commit fraud, you can lose your status. If you abandon residency, you can lose your status. So, the travel warning is not panic. It's be smart. Now, let's talk about what has actually changed in 2026. The big shift is not a new law. The big shift is enforcement intensity and data accuracy. CBP has more access to travel records. Airlines share passenger data. Facial recognition helps confirm identity. And the government is better at seeing patterns. So, if someone has been quietly living abroad for years and using the green card like a travel pass, 2026 is a year where that is more likely to be caught. Now, let's talk about special situations. What if you are a green card holder and you have a pending I751 removal of conditions? If you have a conditional green card and you filed I751, you can still travel, but you must carry your expired green card and your I751 receipt notice extension. If you are traveling, you need that document. What if you have a pending I90 replacement green card? You can still travel, but you may need an ADIT stamp in your passport. If you don't have it, you can face problems. What if you have a pending N400 citizenship application? You can travel, but long trips can still create issues. And if you travel close to your interview date, you may miss your appointment. So, travel carefully. Now, what if you are a green card holder and you have a criminal history? This is where you must consult an immigration attorney because some criminal convictions make you inadmissible, some make you deportable, and some can cause CBP to detain you at the border. So, if you have any past arrest, even if the case was dismissed, you should speak with an attorney before traveling. Now let's talk about the biggest travel trap. It is when people say, "I'm just going to visit my home country for a while." And that while becomes 8 months. Then they return. CBP asks, "Why were you gone so long?" And they say, "My mother was sick." That may be true, but CBP may still ask, "Why didn't you apply for a re-entry permit?" Or, "Why didn't you return sooner?" or where do you actually live? And if you don't have strong US ties, you can be placed into a very stressful situation. So, the warning for 2026 is don't wait until after the problem happens. Plan before you leave. Now, let's address the most common question. Can I lose my green card if I travel? Yes, but not simply because you traveled. You lose your green card when the government believes you abandoned residency, committed fraud, or became removable due to crimes. Travel is just the moment when those issues are discovered. So, your goal is simple. Make sure your travel supports your residency. Now, I want to give you a clear travel checklist in plain language. Before you travel, ask yourself, am I leaving for less than 6 months? Do I have a US home? Do I have US job or income? Am I filing taxes as a resident? Do I have health insurance or financial ties? Do my spouse and children live in the US? Do I have any criminal issues? Do I have any pending immigration applications? If you can answer those confidently, you are in a much safer position. Now, let's talk about re-entry permits again because many people ignore them. A re-entry permit is applied for while you are physically in the US. You cannot apply after you leave. So, if you know you may need to stay outside for a long time, you must apply before traveling. This is one of the smartest moves for 2026. Now, some people ask, "What if I already stayed outside for a long time and now I'm scared to return?" If you stayed outside for more than one year without a re-entry permit, you may need an SB1 returning resident visa from a US embassy. That process is not easy. It requires proof that you intended to return and that your long absence was beyond your control. So, if you are currently abroad and in this situation, you should consult an immigration attorney immediately. Now, let's talk about the emotional side of this. Many green card holders are not traveling for fun. They travel because of family emergencies, financial needs, business, or caring for parents. And that is real. But the US government does not automatically excuse long absences. So you have to protect yourself legally while handling your family responsibilities. That is why planning matters. Now another big issue in 2026 is airport questioning. If CBP sends you to secondary inspection, don't panic. Stay calm. Answer truthfully. Do not argue. Do not guess. If you don't know, say you don't know. And be consistent. The biggest mistake people make is lying out of fear. Because a lie can create a fraud issue, which is far more dangerous than a long trip. Now, let's talk about what you should never do. Never claim you are a US citizen. Never use a US passport if you are not a citizen. Never use fake documents. Never hide travel history. Never say you live outside the US. And never sign away your green card under pressure. Now, what about the biometric exit rumors? The US has been working on biometric exit for years. Many airports already use facial recognition for boarding. This helps confirm who left the US. For green card holders, this means DHS has more accurate exit records. So if you stayed outside too long, they can see it clearly. But again, this is not a new law. It is a better tracking system. So the warning is your travel record is more visible in 2026. Now I want to talk about a very important point. Permanent residence is strong but US citizenship is stronger. A US citizen cannot be denied entry. A US citizen cannot lose citizenship easily. A green card holder can face more risk. So if you are eligible for citizenship, 2026 is the year to take it seriously because citizenship protects you long term. Now some people ask, can I lose my citizenship? Yes, but it is rare and it usually involves fraud or very serious cases. But for green card holders, losing status is much easier. So if you qualify, work towards citizenship. Now, let's summarize the travel warning in one sentence. In 2026, green card travel is not banned, but CBP is stricter, tracking is stronger, and long absences can put your residency at risk. That's the truth. Not fear, not rumors, not viral posts. Now, let me give you the one thing you must know before you leave. Here it is. Your green card is protected when your life is clearly based in the United States. If your life is based outside the US, your green card becomes vulnerable. That's the key. So, if you are traveling in 2026, make sure your US ties are real, strong, and documented. Now, let's end with reassurance. If you are a normal green card holder who lives in the US, works in the US, files taxes, and you are taking a normal trip, your chances of having a serious problem are low. Most people travel and return without any issue. But if you have been spending long periods abroad or your case is complicated, take this warning seriously because one bad entry can create years of problems. Now, before you go, I want you to do one thing. Write in the comments. Are you traveling in 2026? [snorts] And what country are you going to read your comments and it helps me create videos that answer the real questions people are facing right now. If you found this video helpful, subscribe to US Immigration Update. We do calm, fact-based, no drama immigration updates so you don't get trapped by viral misinformation. Share this video with a friend or family member who has a green card and is planning to travel because this information can protect someone from making a costly mistake. And as always, rely on official government sources and licensed immigration attorneys for personal legal advice. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next update.

  Top Comments:
  1. @laniIsomoto [2 likes]: Hi,I’m still a Green Card Holder and I haven’t been back in the Philippines since 2017, now that I heard all this stories about Immigration Rules regarding  For the Green  Card Holder ,my Question is should I need to get a Permit before leaving The US? And also about how I felt since 2017 up until now I’m a little bit worried so Please I Need an Accurate Answer that way I could be more Secured Thank you and Hopefully I Can Get an Answer Quicker
  2. @hlubkevdeb [1 likes]: Thank you for this video.  It is so clear and helpful.
  3. @prof.dr.domingos.pandelo: 😂😂😂😂😂
  4. @stephentayebwa1663: Thank you.
  5. @chf6njcy2pqpweprtyuiopasdf35f: True news my card is 11 months, Mr. trump's office, and my bitcoins 12trealyean profict plze mr donerld trump golden card and my mony bitcoin very fai and my heand over .
  6. @RanveerSamaroo: Thank you
  7. @riccardostgelus2599: Can Haitian Green Card Holders travel into Haiti since Haiti is on black list of countries which cannot travel into the USA?
  8. @RanveerSamaroo: Okay I understand

- TOP 5 Tips for Traveling on a Green Card and Study Permit 🌍✈️: Kind: captions Language: en Today's video covers the complexities of international travel when holding both a US green card and a Canadian study permit. We'll break down key considerations for ensuring smooth travel between these two countries in this context. In this video, we'll cover a range of topics including an understanding of your current status, key considerations before your travel, advice and suggestions to navigate this situation, quiz time to test your knowledge, and final thoughts to wrap up the session. We begin by assessing your current status. You hold a Canadian study permit and visa that expires on July 3rd, 2025, and you received a US green card in 2023. Your passport is new, and you've applied for a study permit extension, which is pending. Your upcoming plan includes attending a conference in the US on July 15th, 2025. Let's discuss the key considerations. First, Canada entry. Your permit and visa expire before your return, risking denial of entry. Second, US re-entry. Green card allows re-entry, but prolonged absences could cause concerns about abandonment. Lastly, passport validity. Ensure your new passport remains valid for your travel. Next, we will discuss some crucial advice and suggestions. First, consult with an immigration professional both in Canada and the US. Second, follow up on your Canadian study permit extension to ensure progression. Third, prepare all necessary documentation for both Canadian and US immigration officials. Fourth, be honest when providing information to officials. Lastly, have contingency plans in place such as alternative travel options or remote participation in the conference? Let's have a little quiz. Which document is essential for US re-entry after prolonged absences as a green card holder? Is it A study permit, B passport, C proof of US ties, or D Canadian visa. You may pause the video now to think about the answer. We will discuss the answer in the next section of the video. The correct answer is C. Proof of US ties. This document is crucial for convincing US Customs and Border Protection that you haven't abandoned your green card during a prolonged absence. In conclusion, your ability to reenter Canada depends on the status of your study permit. While returning to the US with a green card involves proving you haven't abandoned it. Consulting with immigration professionals and careful planning are vital. Gather thorough documentation to ensure a smooth travel experience. Thank you for watching this video. If you found the information helpful, please like, share, and subscribe to the channel for more. We would love to hear your thoughts or any questions.

- A Sense of Belonging – Working to Increase Diversity in Medicine | NEJM: Kind: captions Language: en When you first arrive in medical school, the first day, they give you a white coat. They give you scrubs. They send you to the bookstore where you buy your tools that you need for your anatomy class, your books. So I remember buying a leather case with 10 instruments for anatomy. And I went into my first anatomy class feeling super confident and ready and excited. And I look over at the next table and the next group of students, and one of those students had a father who was a surgeon. He had a tray with over 100 instruments. So I just looked at that and I thought, how can I ever compete? How can I be successful in this place, when even from the start, I felt like I was starting from a place of lesser? So we're now in P117. And this was really the place where everything happened in medical school. We had many of our lectures here. There was a lot of angst and anxiety before our exams. But also, it was a real place where we really learned the basics of medicine. And most important to me is, it was right around the corner from the best mentor any medical student could have, Dr. Bowman. 117 is here. And then Dr. Bowman's office is located right here. And I would often stop there on the way and say, Dr. Bowman, I have this test. And he would be, you can do it. You have the potential. And even looking back over the last 30 years of being a physician, really, it all got started here in P117 and with Dr. James Bowman. We all actually visited Dr. Bowman on a regular basis. He was the first African-American faculty member who had been tenured at the University of Chicago. And he was someone who always made himself available to the students. And Jim knew that people were looking at him constantly, that people were emulating him, that people were looking to do and accomplish things that he had done. And he was inspirational in trying to drive you to be able to reach that goal. The discomfort from feeling like an outsider is excruciating. And I think you learn to adjust to it, but it's exhausting over time. Often, after school, I would walk down to my father's office, and I saw the respect that people in the hospital had for him. And not just his fellow physicians, but the orderlies, the nurses, the medical students. Everybody had an affinity for my father. Dr. Bowman was so important. He actually interviewed me when I was applying, and I had no idea the significance he would play in my life. Jim's respect for Anita emanated from her incredible intelligence. She was so bright and so able. He believed that talent is ubiquitous and opportunity is not. And if he was in a position to give someone an opportunity that they wouldn't otherwise have, that would level the playing field, then he was determined to do that. There's a very famous story that Dr. Bowman tells which really sums it up perfectly — his experience at St. Luke's Hospital, now Rush, where he was the only African-American physician there. All of the Blacks were required to enter the hospital through the back door. He refused and went through the front door. And from the first day onward, people would wait to go in with him — the nurses, the janitors, the technicians. And although he went in the front door and talked about the fact that he was not going to go in the back, he nevertheless could not eat in the hospital unless one of his friends took him as a guest. And so he took his peanut butter and jelly sandwich to work every day. And what he said is, opening the door is hard, but you walk through it and then you leave the door open for others to follow behind you. I overheard some majority students saying something like, they're only here because of affirmative action. And that made me feel so much like an outsider. Not only was I an outsider, but I wasn't welcomed here. And it was very hurtful. And I remember going and talking to Dr. Bowman then, and he told me, you know, you're every bit as good, every bit as capable as any other medical student that you encounter. And he really created this sense of belonging, this nurturing, that really gave me a pathway to be successful. If you look at the primary service area of the South Side of Chicago, it's about 90% Black. A community like Englewood, the life expectancy is a full 30 years less if you live in Englewood versus if you live in Streeterville, maybe 15-minute distance in a car. When I saw the difference in illness and pathology as it presents to those who are insured versus uninsured, that I realized that there's so much work to be done. The turning point was really when we went from the first two years of just learning through textbook and exam and courses to the clinical work. The patients were so excited to see other people who looked like them taking care of them. So that's where we felt like we really could shine beyond the average medical student and where we really felt a sense of ourselves and the work that we were doing. It's really amazing. And it really was a community. I remember when I was finishing medical school and thinking about residency. And I had many offers to go work in the suburbs, but it was Dr. Bowman who reminded me the importance of people seeing examples who look like them. So he was the key reason that I stayed on here and continued a career here at University of Chicago. I think we have to do more to make people imagine themselves in positions of greatness, and that's really where the pictures on the wall come in. It is a hallway of a lot of White people in the class pictures that are here. And not to reduce their significance, obviously that's incredibly important. It's not an either/or. It's an and. It's let's keep these pictures, but let's add some more. Let's create more space, so people can see themselves in the people who are highly regarded on the campus.

  Top Comments:
  1. @k.c.8658 [5 likes]: The vast majority of patients want to go to the best doctor, regardless of ethnicity. They don’t want to go to one who got into medical school because the school wanted to “increase diversity.” This stuff worsens trust in the physicians you are trying to promote.
  2. @deerush1388: Great story! Beautiful portrayal of a great physician beyond diversity.
  3. @danielalexanderduquenieto6873: Amaizing
  4. @pm352: Multiple generations of high achieving non-white doctors shows ethnicity is not an issue anymore. Patients being treated by doctors of the same ethnicity is not a goal modern medicine should have.

- Inalienable Rights: Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Belonging: Terrell Strayhorn at TEDxColumbus: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Capa Girl Reviewer: Denise RQ Good afternoon. I am in fact Terrell Strayhorn. What an honor to be among such a talented cast of speakers that you've had all day long. And much like Rufus already told you -- most speakers would not reveal this -- I remember when I got my first TEDx e-mail. It arrived when I was in the middle of conducting a national study of African American and Latino men in STEM fields, this e-mail kept popping up, TEDx. I didn't know who TED was, and I didn't know what TEDx was. The only thing I remember is, "I don't know who Ted is and I don't have time to talk to him!" So I resisted the e-mail for quite some time, until actually some of my graduate students and, yes, my University President informed me that, in fact, TED is not a person at all. And much to my surprise, TEDx is not the distant cousin of Malcolm. (Laughter) But rather, it's a popular network of forward-thinking speakers all advancing these big ideas like knowledge is connected, nothing is coincidental, or in fact, stories are golden. And I'm sure most of you can tell from the way my clothes fit, that I spend an enormous amount of time in the gym bodybuilding, either that or I shop at babyGAP. But, in fact, I spend most of my time as a social scientist at the Ohio State University conducting research, looking at the ways in which race, class, gender, sexuality and other social identities affect the experiences of people in educational context. All of that work, for me, is done so that I can help administrators and educators understand ways that we can enable the success of students. One thing I've learned about TED audience is -- is that many of you have been to college. For example, by a show of hands, how many of you have spent at least a day in college? You see what I'm saying? All of you, tons of you, spent time in college. But just because you've been to college doesn't necessarily mean that you are familiar with the national data in trends on student success. So I'll review a couple with you now. Today there are over 19 million college students enrolled in this country. That's an incredible number. And we have incredible capacity in this country to educate large numbers of individuals. 19 million. And have you seen these people? Where's Chad? Over to my left -- Hi Chad! I saw you in the bathroom. Chad have you seen these people? These college students? They are sort of tall, but not always. Some of them are smart, but not always that, either. Many of them wear book bags, sort of look like that turtle from Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles, You can find college students, usually at your local bar, or brewery, on a Thursday night, gulping down some liquid motivation. But not always. Actually, that one's not true. That is always, you can always find a college student on a Thursday night. 19 million of these students. And so, a few months ago, I donned my babyGAP clothes again, and decided I was gonna go and see what it was like to be a student in college. And so I went to the classroom, all dressed up, with my baseball cap and hoodie and I sat in a classroom, and watched a professor, like myself, give a lecture. What a bore! I mean it's no wonder that students report to my survey "bored to death and disengaged in classrooms by large." I mean, I sat here and listen to these professors sort of entertain themselves with all these facts that mean nothing, and not applying it to any sort of real world problem or application. And I sat beside students, you know, students don't pay attention all the time in class. And so I watched students fall asleep. Some of them skyped to the person sitting next to them. Many of them quite busy friending and unfriending people, right in the middle of class, ending friendships forever. And this professor was completely, blithely unaware to all of this happening in front of him. And I too was bored. And I started checking my e-mail. Says Mohammad, and Tom, Looking at Facebook. And then I remembered, I'm a fake, I'm not a real student. I don't have to sit here and take this crap. I got up, I took my babyGAP clothes, and I ran out of that classroom. And I'd laugh. 19 million college students enrolled in college today. 55% of all college students complete their degree. Not the best measure of success for a system as large as ours. But 55% of college students complete their degree within a 5-year period. And those rates can be startlingly lower for women and racial and ethnic minorities. In fact, we know from research, some of which is my own, that two thirds of all black men who enter collage, leave before their degree completion. And in response to these trends, President Obama, Secretary of Education, Arne Duncan, the White House Initiative and private foundations, like the Gates Foundation, have all joined forces and are pushing this national agenda for a degree completion. That we would increase the number of Americans who complete Higher Education degrees by 50% by the year 2020. And to get there we'll need to do a numbers of things. Not just continue to enroll large numbers of students, but we will actually have to retain and graduate the 19 million backpackers that I talked about earlier. So research tells us a couple of things, academic preparation matters, time spent studying, access to rigorous courses in high-school, mastery of content, like math and science matter. But what's really interesting, from research, is that over the decades we've learned that academic factors actually only account for 25% of post-secondary outcomes. 25% of the leaving. So what else matters? Most people'd say, well -- Strayhorn, of course -- finances matter. Yes, money matters indeed. And in fact many students need financial support to go to college today. And that support comes in the form of scholarships and grants and loans, with loans representing the increasing proportion of support that we offer to students in this country. is even when you control for, or subtract out the effect of financial aid, a significant number of students still drop out of college. I am gonna argue that when you put this two together, academic factors and financial factors, that together they only explain about 40% of the problem, leaving 60% unexplained. So then, what accounts for that 60%? Today I'd like to talk with you, in the time that remains, about another factor that I don't think we pay enough attention to, and that is students belonging in college. Now, before I remind the concept of belonging, I'd like to introduce you to as story here. A story about a guy named Xavier. I met Xavier when I was conducting research in Nashville, Tennessee. He grew up in Providence Park, a low-income neighbourhood in Nashville, Tennessee. He lived in a one-bedroom apartment with his mother, his sister, his brother, his aunt and his uncle. During my interview I asked Xavier, "What was it like for you growing up?" And he recalls waking up very early in the morning, tiptoeing through the living room not to wake his aunt and uncle, on his way to the bathroom to start the water for his younger siblings, so they could prepare for the day. And after they were awake and then, in the bathroom taking care of themselves, he tiptoed back through the living room on his way to the kitchen, to prepare a small breakfast for him, his brother and his sister. This was his routine, day in and day out. So you can imagine the family's surprise when Xavier announced, "I am going away to College." They were disappointed. They were angry. They were outraged that he would give up his responsibility to the family, to go off to this Wonderland called college where he would have freedom and independence, separate from the family. Interestingly, Xavier did quite well his first year in College - 3.8 GPA. Because of his financial situation, he had plenty of money through federal loans and grants to support him in college. But he did not make many friends his first year in collage, he spent most of his time with his girlfriend, Kim. When Kim announced that she was pregnant, Xavier was surprised and deeply concerned about how his mother, and particularly his family, would respond to this news. One Friday night he called his mother up and broke the news. Fighting back tears, she told him how he broke her heart. She hang up the phone and they didn't talk for months. Xavier reached out to friends on campus, but as one of the only undergraduates who had a child, many of his friends didn't connect with him. Didn't seem like they shared things in common with him. In fact, Xavier recalls in the interview reaching out to the Church Family. And he found that in this church, he got many more rejections than affirmations and acceptance. At the end of the study I lost touch with Xavier. I learned of him about a year later. One Saturday night, stuck in isolation and alienation, Xavier threw himself in front of a train. His last tweet said, "I don't matter." Sensibility matters to students. Xavier's story resonates with me because, like Xavier, I experienced the birth of my first child as an undergrad. And I remember many people taunted me and teased me and joked me. I remember how family members said my life was over, "You will never give a TEDx talk." Likely, they didn't know what TEDx was at that time -- But you know -- Stick with my story. All these people, who had high hopes and aspirations for me, at once gave it up. And so, I often struggled, "What's the difference between Xavier and myself?" Unlike Xavier, despite the ridicule and the taunting, I was never separated from my family. I never lost the support of my friends. I never lost the love and the support of my mother and my father. In fact, despite all of that, I was able to fashion out a sense of belonging. I know a drug dealer. Not because I do drugs. Calm down, calm down! I met Jonathan, the drug dealer, when he was a student in high-school. I remember I went to interview him, and I forgot I'd left my car unlocked, and I said, "Jonathan I have to be right back I left my car unlocked." And he said, "What kind of car are you driving?" Yes, exactly! I laughed. I thought, "Wait! You have extra-curriculum activities that I don't approve of, and so -- I am not really sure I'm going to share this information. So I'll admit, I paused. But after a few moments I told him a make, year and a model of my car. He pull out the cell phone, texted a few characters and said, "I've got you covered, doc." I said, "What did you just do?!" And he said, "Oh, I called some of my front line 9th graders and told them to go take care of you." And then the conversation evolved. And I learned how Jonathan had constructed a gang-like structure in this school, full of students who simply wanted to belong, who wanted to accepted, who had been rejected by others and because Jonathan and his gang-like structure offered them belonging, in exchange for that, they promised him solidarity and loyalty, that he could lean on them and depend on them. Sense of belonging matters. I learned later that they don't only put these skills to good use, like locksmithing to lock up cars. In make case it was good. But they can use those same skills to unlock up cars to steal them; to cause fights in classrooms and in lunchrooms and to beat up on teachers, on occasion. And then last story sort of illustrating some of the stories that I share in my 2012 book "College Students' Sense of Belonging". It's my favourite story to talk about Franklin. When I met Franklin he was a 6th grader for the third time. I was a music teacher in suburban Maryland. And Franklin was this tall, you know, much taller than I, that's not very difficult to do but much taller than me, 6th grader. And I remember Franklin being labeled troublemaker, rule breaker, problem child. Many teachers told me, "Just leave him to his problems." But not me, I was new and I was courageous and I was going to change him. So I tried one day. And he threw a stapler at me. But I'm resilient so I tried again. And he dropped a chair on my foot. And most people say, "Third time is a charm" so one day in the winter I tried again -- And Franklin kicked me in the back during lunch recess. And at that point I realised I don't have enough health insurance, or limbs to keep trying with Franklin. So, like many other teachers before me, I gave up on him. One day I was sitting at the piano in my classroom preparing for the next day's lesson. And in the hallway I heard, ♫ We all wanna belong ♫ And I didn't know if I'd suffered some head trauma from Franklin's abuse that I was actually signing and I didn't know it, but then it happened again: ♫ We all wanna belong, yeah ♫ And I ran out into the hallway and I looked and I said, "Franklin, Franklin, frightening Franklin" -- That's what the teachers called him. "I didn't think you could sing!" And he said, "Well, that's good. I didn't think you could think, so now we're even." And I asked him about the words of this song and over the next 40 minutes I learned a valuable lesson that, in fact, Franklin wasn't frightening, Franklin wasn't a rule breaker, he wasn't a bad kid. Franklin was frightened about his future, he was upset about his family life, he was tired of adults giving up on him. He just simply wanted a chance to belong. In my work I show that belonging can be analyzed in a couple of different ways. One: that sense of belonging is a basic human need. All of us want to belong. How many people in here wanna to belong? You wanna fit in, you wanna feel connected. Anyone who does not wanna belong would you stand with me now! Everyone wants to belong. It's a human basic need all the way back to Maslow. But there is a second component to belonging and that is -- That not only is belonging a basic need, but it's a motive sufficient to drive behaviour. People do things because they wanna belong. People wear certain things, act a certain way, talk a certain way, go certain places, because they wanna fit in, they wanna belong. And then third: sense of belonging is not only a basic need, not only a motive for basic behaviour but it takes on heightened importance in certain context, certain times for certain people in certain situations. I argue for many students who are vulnerable to feeling isolated, or marginalized, in college context, like women in racial and ethnic minorities. Sense of belonging sort of reflects the sentiments of a couple of words like, "I matter to people." Think back to the story of Xavier, "People care about me." The story of Johnathan and me. I'm worthy of dignity and respect, of friendship, of acceptance for all of my various identities. Not only that. There's some misconceptions about belonging that in order to belong you have to fit in, you have to sort of assimilate or acculturate and I am gonna argue against that. I don't think you have to do that. I think sense of belonging requires us to be alike enough, to share enough in common to find community. But in fact to celebrate the fact that we are different and that those differences are not tallied as deficiencies, but, in fact, celebrated as actual contributions to this beautiful community that we create today. Many of you -- Look at you! You are a beautiful audience! You look much better from this side, by the way. From the back you look very hairy. But those are our differences and they are to be celebrated. They enrich us, they enrich our educational context. The success of this country depends on our ability to prepare citizens for active participation and democracy. And part of that depends on our success in educating current and future generations of students. And their success, their educational success, I argue, depends, in part, on the extent to which we create environments in the home, in the school and the community where they fit in and they belong. Because remember, Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @rhondabreed3625 [18 likes]: I heard him speak in Dayton a few days ago. He is, by far, one of the best speakers I have ever heard in the field of education and social awareness.
  2. @iamgodofhumancollective5968 [8 likes]: Brilliant guy.
  3. @fatimamatar44 [6 likes]: Such a wonderful talk thank you Dr. Strayhorn, a great inspiration for my research on the concept of home and belonging
  4. @denicabishop [5 likes]: I heard him minister at a church in Cleveland! What an awesome testimony he has! The professor, the preacher, the musician and the comedian all wrapped up into one! Truly a strong soul!
  5. @hashem9632 [5 likes]: quite the orator
  6. @chrisrosenboom9511 [3 likes]: Mr Strayhorn I could be wrong but I believe our country is a Republic, not a Democracy.  I thought that’s why our founding fathers created a Republic form of a government with a constitution with inalienable rights to protect its citizens from the government becoming a democracy.
  7. @Lisa-gi6nb [2 likes]: So true, a longing to belong is in all of us!  When we love and accept people despite our differences we can be enriched.  But when don't love enough to confront each other in love about poor choices we make, I believe that is a mistake.  Speak the truth in Love-
  8. @catriceferguson8615 [2 likes]: Awesome.
  9. @vanessaaglines [1 likes]: This man is ICONIC
  10. @Jzcmnbk [1 likes]: You lost me at gates and obama. Absolutely no time given.
  11. @sonnyh9774 [1 likes]: College (today) is overrated... however, education/knowledge and wisdom  is vital to life, liberty, and property (pursuit of happiness).  Graduates are saddled with debt and a poor education.  Youtube is full of videos from millionaires that didn't go to college and advise against it.  These millionaires advise learning on your own.  According to Southern Baptist statistics, almost 75% of Christian youth "lose" their faith by the end of the first year of college because of doubts from  fallacious arguments posed by liberal, leftest, anti-Christ professors .  (An indictment of parents and pastors to adequately prepare youth to defend their faith against  arguments with false presuppositions, erroneous facts and faulty logic).  This speaker is part of the problem ...not the solution.  Different = Deficient when "different" is destructive to Biblical principles, governments instituted by God such as "Marriage b/t a man and woman", Church, and  Civil govt.
  12. @Angl0sax0nknight [1 likes]: Urkel grew up!
  13. @tbr7921 [1 likes]: lovely, thank you~
  14. @cnotes5: this had nothing to do with inalienable rights wtf? lol
  15. @keenanvaughn8453: This is an "uncle tom". Learn a trade. You will do far better than others. Collège is worthless.
  16. @BenJovi290: What a speaker! Even in 2x speed he is clearly understandable and his message and punchlines land every time!
  17. @JonathanGrandt: Pursuit of belonging? It’s the pursuit of happiness which is defined as owning property. Also, it’s UNalienable rights.
  18. @johanboul1190: After my Multiple Sclerosis diagnosis, my primary care provider introduced me to RichHerbs Foundation and their MS Formula protocol, the herbal treatment has made a tremendous difference for me. My symptoms including numbness/weakness disappeared after the treatment plan! Their site is ww w. richherbsfoundation. c o m.
  19. @kingjeremysircornwell7847: You discard rights, freedom, choice, of man. He turns killer to survive. Ego will not stand this. No human would
  20. @LittleTreeX: Can someone please get this man a suitable headset!?

- How does the sense of belonging affect our identity? | Maximilian Walenkamp | TEDxBSB Shunyi Youth: Kind: captions Language: en so recently I had the pleasure of visiting Amsterdam for a family visit and I was beyond excited to stop by my favorite Bakery was a coose little spot known for delicious pastries and the warm Vibes a true spot for locals but when I arrived I self Devastation just disappeared was rather replaced by trendy chour shop serving tourists from all over the world this experience got me deeply think about how economic growth Bas of modern tourism affects our modern neighborhoods so let's sien the two sides of the issues the residential happiness and economical success cities often prioritize economic success and honestly who can blame them for it tourism can be C additional Revenue create jobs and provide a boost for the economy but has its costs Amsterdam for instance has turned into a bustling tourism up serving tourists from all over the world however this economical Focus has a major con my beloved Bakery is one of these local businesses which struggle to survive this also caused a sense of me belonging into T Community struggling to survive the emphasis on tourist venues can lead to a scenario where neighborhoods lose their unique character due to a business that prioritizes profit over the local community's character my experience with the closure from my favorite Bakery is a personal proof of the trendy economical growth going on which dis advantes local style and make makes way for hospitalities that fail to live alongside long-term residents while the economical benefits of Tourism are clear the downsides are just as significent the loss of local businesses can disrup Community connections leading to neighborhoods to feel less welcoming and personal the character of a place is often found local shops cafes and bakeries places resents know each other and share their lies with each local shop closing we lose not just a business but we lose a part of what makes our community is unique now let's shift our Focus onto residential happiness this concept WR around the quality of life for the people who actually live in the city it relies on having local businesses serve the community's needs which builds a sense of belonging like I used to walk into I beg for every morning and was able to see familiar faces like the same elderly couple who go through coffee and cissa every morning these turn to actions make a neighborhood feel like home prioritizing residential happiness can lead to heartful Connected communities when cities support local businesses they create environments where people to live grow and connect a City full of local bakeries family-owned shops and communal guiding spaces and riches to lives of the residents by pushing for a city that supports both we can create amazing spaces so now do we have to choose between the happiness and economical success no not at all to the Solutions in finding a balance between both that allows for both economical growth should not come at the cost of local communities losing need character by pushing for a city at supp both we can create environments where everybody can feel belonging to Lo local community to be successful in this balance cities can create policies which support local businesses to actively engage of the community ensuring that tourism boosts local character rather than eliminating it for example creating designated areas for local markets or hosting events that celebrate Community culture can help maintain a city special character with events like these even myself would be able to feel a sense of belonging to a lovely local community where everybody supports each other cities can cities can also consider offering benefits to local businesses that actively engage with the community for example a bakery that gets ingredients from a local Farm not only supports local agriculture but also gives tourists a real taste of the area this kind of these kind of ideas can create a booming ecosystem we even myself will be able to feel and live with the benefits of these as the next generation of our planet I recommend you to create cities which value both economical success and residential happiness let's work together to keep our neighborhoods full of life and inclusive imagine a bakery that serves both locals and tourist while being able to share its unique story this kind of mindset can make my family visits an unforgettable one and me being able to feel a true sense of belonging in with the locals in conclusion it's important to bound residential happiness economical success a city's character lies a fully in its Financial areas by rer and his resident wellbeing by pushing for a city that supports both we can again again create spaces where everybody feels valued and connected I hope now we all understand the importance of balancing residential happiness for economical success let's work together to keep our neighborhoods full of life and where every Community member feels valued and connected [Applause]

- Go from Longing to Belonging | Sejal Thakkar | TEDxDiabloValleyCollege: Kind: captions Language: en foreign it's the only certainty that we face the feeling of belonging is something that we're all striving for and it's one that we depend on each other for not only for thriving but also for surviving I'm going to share two stories of belonging with you to empower you with the new Power a more inclusive power to help you harness the power of exclusion and go from Longing To belonging one of the stories is mine and the other one is my ten-year-old Sons don't worry I have his permission to share his story with you and he's sitting right there in the audience to make sure that I don't screw this up the pain the p in this new power stands for pain my son's story of longing started about a year ago when he told me that one of his friends personality had suddenly changed and that his friend had stopped hanging out with him and another kid for no apparent reason he also told me that his friend had started to play more aggressive sports like football rather than playing basketball with him like they normally did and when I asked him how this made him feel he said without hesitation Mommy I feel left out I felt his pain right away I mean it was way too familiar to me but this was even more intense because this was my own child being excluded but after thinking about it for a few moments it didn't take me long to realize just how healthy it was for him to be able to acknowledge and share his pain with me this is something that I know that I and countless others have struggled with our childhood shape so much of Who We Are my story of longing started way before that while I was born in the United States I was actually conceived in India by two very traditional parents I grew up in a predominantly Italian neighborhood in a suburb of Chicago we were the only Indian family and my parents tried very hard to raise me as culturally Indian inside of our home but I struggled because everything outside of our home was so different and frankly it was more aligned with my own personal values and beliefs this Duality was a defining experience for me in my childhood when your own parents don't accept you for who you are you grow up feeling like there's something wrong with you or believing that you just aren't good enough I ended up feeling like I couldn't please them myself or anyone else for that matter I felt like I was caught between the two cultures and I didn't fit in or belong to either one I mean they say that when it rains it pours and this is a fitting description to describe the events that stormed through my life it started in elementary school in history class we had a session on India and this was a subject that I was proud to know a lot about but my pride quickly turned to anger the textbook depicted all of the ugly parts of a country that everyone in my family before me called home the slums the poverty the pollution I mean the only good thing depicted in the entire textbook was one picture of the Taj Mahal and there was so much more to India than just that I mean even just talking about it right now I can vividly remember feeling like a lightning bolt struck through my body in that classroom I felt all alone in a room full of people no one let alone a child should have to sit there and have one of their cultural identities being publicly trashed like but it was in this moment the soul-crushing moment that I realized and accepted the bitter reality that sometimes no matter how hard we try to fit in or belong we just don't the O in this new power stands for open I was so proud of my son for being open and vulnerable with me when I asked him why he thought his friend was acting differently he paused he took a deep breath and he thought about it for a few moments he kept an open mind and we talked about his feelings he was able to see the big picture and empathize with his friend this openness allowed him to refrain from rushing to judgment or becoming exclusionary himself he also stayed open to exploring different ways to reconnect with his friend I mean staying open like he did isn't always so easy I mean more often than not like I did when we're being excluded we shut ourselves off we close out others or we isolate we hide we numb we cope or even worse we deny our pain for fear of further exclusion or being labeled by others as being weak I mean after that classroom incident I was made fun of for weeks as the only Indian person in the entire School besides my brother there was no fitting in I felt like I had nowhere to turn there were no resources to help me and I didn't know how to face my pain and I certainly didn't want anyone else to see it especially not those that were causing it so I did what most of us do I locked that pain up tightly inside myself the problem is when you don't make time to address your emotional pain you risk never fully addressing it or you risk projecting it onto others like your loved ones I didn't confront my emotional pain until my son was born but the moment that I laid my eyes on him he became my anchor and I knew that I had to face my inner storm so that I can help him face whatever storms life throws our way so in that moment for the very first time I opened my heart wide open and I stepped into the darkness to face my pain the W in this new power stands for willing you have to be willing to build stronger connections every relationship is just as strong as the people in it and the energy that we bring into those relationships impacts those bonds my son chose to stay positive instead of focusing on the negative when he felt excluded while he didn't have all of the information to explain the change in his friend's Behavior he was willing to give his friend some time and space to figure it out and a couple days later he was willing to overcome his own discomfort to include himself so he decided to step out of his comfort zone and play football with his friend well it turns out that football wasn't as aggressive as he initially thought I mean they played touch football it's like playing tag they had a great time and once he felt a sense of belonging it didn't matter what sport they were playing he was also willing to connect with others his pain helped him identify with others who had also experienced it he started spending more time with the other kid who was also feeling left out they talked about how much they missed their friend together and my son realized that he wasn't all alone in his pain I mean sometimes it's the things that we have in common like our experiences even the painful ones that help us connect and to create and deepen our bonds with one another it's perfectly healthy to reach out for support like my son did with me and to take your time and go at your own pace but your willingness to take responsibility for the experiences in your life can help you turn your suffering into your strength your loss into your opportunity and your longing into your belonging the e in this new power stands for energy remember true personal power comes from within the only way to transform your pain is to work towards change within you and as you're applying this new power framework it's important to surround yourself with people who support you who uplift you and who value your sacred as you become more intentional with the energy that you're giving and receiving you'll start to feel a sense of Renewed Energy within you it feels like a breath of fresh air this Renewed Energy will give you more meaning more connection and belonging than you ever thought was possible the r in this new power stands for real I'll be honest my journey to belonging hasn't been easy but once I realized that my self-worth isn't contingent on anyone else's opinions the power is shifted back to me and as I became more inclusive of me and learn to include all of the different parts of me the real me as I became more accepting of the real me I found a sense of belonging inside of me and slowly over time I was able to let go of the power the pain had over me and those painful experiences of exclusion no longer consumed my life look while no one ever told me to be the real me when I was growing up when it comes to my son I'm always going to encourage and remind him to be true to himself and I know that this new power will keep him warm and dry when life occasionally drizzles those moments of exclusion on him that can feel bitterly cold and lonely at times and for you I wish the same for you that you be true to yourself instead of focusing on what everybody else wants you to be spend more of your time and energy unlocking the real you and what you truly meant what truly matters to you and for those of you that are feeling like you don't fit in or belong just know that you're not alone most of us have faced the same struggle and know that there are plenty of people in this world that will accept and welcome you for the real you you just have to move in that direction so remember your empowered journey to belonging starts with a single step it starts when you take steps to be open and willing to renew the energy within you and more importantly to celebrate the real you this is your true power thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @bagostan1898 [2 likes]: The part about the textbook depiction struck a chord. It's crucial to challenge stereotypes and showcase the richness of diverse cultures. Thanks for shedding light on this!
  2. @maryalex092761 [1 likes]: Beautiful! So volunerable.
  3. @Myth_Slayer [1 likes]: A truly great speech; so impactful, such compassion, and what a sensible framework....congrats!!
  4. @mangocantu5382 [1 likes]: Feeling excluded is a universal experience, but it's rarely talked about openly or in a way that reframes it so beautifully.
  5. @TheAffinityAdvocate [1 likes]: I love the message of resilience and self-acceptance in this talk. Who cares if you don't fit in, as long as you're happy within yourself
  6. @TheJazHong [1 likes]: I've been there, feeling like I don't belong. It's like you're wearing a mask to fit in, but deep down, you know it's not the real you... It's draining af.
  7. @forestchancey [1 likes]: Props to her for sharing their personal journey and shedding light on the importance of acceptance.
  8. @BrainDrainBabe [1 likes]: Speaking volumes about the power of vulnerability! It takes courage to open up about feeling excluded, but it's the first step toward finding your tribe.
  9. @TheBuzzRepublicIsHere [1 likes]: Belonging is such a fundamental need, yet it's something many of us grapple with. Makes me wonder if anyone actually "belongs" or are we all just pretending?
  10. @angel_rai [1 likes]: There is a shift happening and it's reassuring that we are choosing to see vulnerability as a strength and a way to find healing and connection.
  11. @omarputal [1 likes]: It's the dream isn't it... To be surround by people who love us for the mess and all the rest that we truly are.
  12. @justinerather [1 likes]: I think it's really amazing that your son could be so open with you and then so positive about the situation... it would have been a great lesson for him in giving people the benefit of the doubt as well as how to maintain connections when things are changing. Pretty awesome lessons to learn at such a young age!
  13. @Me-lolahernandez [1 likes]: Yes! Normalizing these struggles of feeling like we don't fit in.... It's a reminder it's okay to feel out of place sometimes.
  14. @MisterekMr [1 likes]: Did any of us ever feel that we "belonged" while growing up?  I did when I was playing sport and contributing to our wins but otherwise I was a bit lost.
  15. @karlaknight [1 likes]: Wow, this really hit home for me. The pain of exclusion is universal, and your son's story is a powerful reminder of the importance of being open about our struggles.
  16. @priowgirl119 [1 likes]: The idea of "belonging" or "fitting in" seems so strange when you think about it. I get what she means in terms of being a kid getting buIIied at school because kids are ruthless but I think as people we should have the right to belong everywhere and anywhere.
  17. @kashaiq [1 likes]: I think this really speaks to the importance of embracing our experiences, even the painful ones. The story about her son made me think of how much strength there is in acknowledging our emotions and growing through them.
  18. @TheRealLunaTech [1 likes]: The way she confronted her own past and channeled it to empower her son is a testament to the strength within us all and how it can be transformed into bridges for connection
  19. @scottvboland [1 likes]: I appreciate the honesty in sharing personal experiences. It's not easy to face the pain, but your willingness to confront it head-on is inspiring.
  20. @zendayamala [1 likes]: The duality of cultural identity is a struggle many can relate to. Your journey resonates, showing that embracing our real selves is key to finding belonging.

- A Tale of Two States: How State Tax Systems Perpetuate Income Inequality: Kind: captions Language: en a Tale of Two Cities well really a tale of all 50 states in the District of Columbia illustrated by comparing tax systems in Texas and New Jersey as you may know most state and local tax systems are regressive this means poor people pay a higher effective tax rate than the very rich one reason for this is that states rely heavily on sales and excise taxes these taxes are highly regressive and capture a greater share of income from low income people than from the rich but it doesn't have to be this way a look at tax systems in New Jersey and Texas reveals how our elected officials policy choices can make a difference before taxes income disparity in Texas and New Jersey is similar atop one percenter in Texas has an average annual income that is a hundred and twenty four times greater than the annual income of the poorest 20 percent in New Jersey the top one percent has a hundred and twenty six times the income of the poorest 20% post tax the Texas tax system worsens income inequality average income for the top one percent as well as two a hundred and forty times that of the poorest 20% while in New Jersey the ratio drops from 126 to 124 in other words Texas's tax policies are quite literally widening the income gap between rich and poor while New Jersey closes it by a nominal amount unfortunately Texas is not much of an outlier it's among 45 states with upside-down tax systems meaning the lower one's income the higher ones effective tax rate the Lonestar state has the second most regressive tax system in the country and as among the states that iTap Dubbs the terrible ten meaning their tax codes have the worst effect on income inequality the type of tax matters Texas along with six other states on the terrible ten list does not levy a personal income tax at all and further Texas and seven of the other terrible ten states rely heavily on sales and excise taxes to raise revenue unlike Texas New Jersey ever-so-slightly mitigates income inequality in part because it has a graduated personal income tax and it has instituted a fully refundable Earned Income Tax Credit which reduces the amount of tax that low income families pay these policies shift tax responsibility to those who can afford to pay more while poor families in Texas on average pay more than four times the tax rate of the top one percent poor families in New Jersey pay less New Jersey is doing better than Texas when it comes to ensuring those who have more pay more along with the District of Columbia and four other states that bucked the national trend by taxing the top one percent more than the poor the Texas New Jersey story reveals how our elected officials tax policy choices truly can make a difference it is possible to create more progressive tax policies that don't worsen income inequality and don't leave middle-class and low-income families behind

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rob2068: True.  When people think of taxes, many only focus on the Federal income tax in a vacuum.  They look at the basic graduated rates and conclude that the more wealthy you are, the higher rate of tax you pay.  For one, that doesn't reflect the reality that much of the wealthy pay Federal income taxes at the lower capital gains rates.  Its like Warren Buffet said - his secretary pays a higher Federal income tax rate than he does. 


And that's just Federal income tax.  As this video points out, state taxes are almost always regressive, hitting the poor and middle class much harder than the rich.  



Even this analysis doesn't take into account other regressive taxes such as cell phone taxes and utility taxes.  All regressive taxes.

- Busting The Biggest Myth About Double Tax Treaties: A Tax Expert's Perspective: Kind: captions Language: en welcome back everyone Michael here with offshore citizen today I'm going to talk about what I'm calling the double tax treaty myth and this comes from something that I hear actually alarmingly frequently from people when I'm doing consultation calls with them and things like this about their views of double tax Tre which is completely false and it's going to give you the wrong impression so I'm going to clear up that myth with you today help you to understand how you should be looking at these things what that's going to mean for you you might be a little bit disappointed um but you know also how it can be useful so let's dive in before we do if you haven't already please hit the Subscribe button hit the all notification Bell thank you for being here welcome I am Michael from offshore Citizen and if you have not been here before we're some of the foremost International tax experts in the world specializing in multiple countries most people kind of who are tax experts in a country don't know other countries we know lots of countries most of the kind of major places you would consider in the world and so we help people to relocate to other countries to set up companies in other countries to optimize their Global Tax to uh get residencies and citizenships open bank accounts Etc if those things are interesting to you please reach out to us you can book a call with me at calendly.com Rosman there a link in the description below or send a message through offshore citizen. net okay so what is the double tax treaty myth the double tax treaty myth is essentially this hey if I pay tax in country a then I don't pay tax in country B that is the like basic myth that people have that they believe about this and so all people who call me up and they kind of say oh hey well you know uh why don't I register I'm going to register in Georgia and I'm going to pay this tax and I'm not going to have to pay the taxes in slania you're like well hang on a second no that doesn't work that way um so let's kind of go through what goes on with double tax treat so first of all it's recognized that uh double tax treaties are considered to be uh agreements for the avoidance of double taxation okay now let's note the word double in here okay because the normal thing that could happen and a bunch of countries avoid this just through unilateral tax credits anyway uh and I'll talk in a second about what those are but normally what would happen is one country could tax your income let's just say at 30% and then your other your home country would tax you at 30% and those two things would add up to being 60% and that would be really terrible right and so when you have uh what's called the dtaa double tax uh agreement um what what you end up with is you're going to be in a situation that uh usually you will pay the higher of the two taxes that's not always the case sometimes you might you may be double non- tax resident okay that could happen um you could be in a situation where you know just you avoid one because of the other uh but very frequently especially for individuals what ends up happening is that uh you pay the higher of the two and the way it works is this you the country that you live in your main home your place of residence has the first taxing right okay so the fact that you register in some other country does zero to affect that main taxing right zero okay so wherever you live if you decide to move to Poland if you decide to move to UK If you decide to move to France or Spain or wherever else that place that you're living that place of residence your main home is the place that has the initial taxing right and they will typically not always depends on the country but typically tax your whole worldwide income okay and so they get the first taxing right so whatever their taxes are boom you get those now what will then happen is if you earn income from another country right let's just say for instance you're in Spain and you have income from Bulgaria and by income from Bulgaria I don't mean somebody's paying you from Bulgaria I mean maybe you're like doing some work there this sort of thing right like there's maybe you have an apartment there that you're renting out what will happen is that that other country May tax that type of income typically what they call income for permit establishments but I'm overly simplifying it here for the sake of this video uh when when that happens what will happen is they will tax it and then you'll get a credit in your home country against the taxes paid so if your taxes in Spain are let's just say 37% and your taxes in Bulgaria are 10% it's not like oh I paid taxes in Bulgaria so I don't have to pay the 37% in Spain no that's not how it works what typically happens is they'll tax you at 10 % Spain will say oh we have a 37% tax we're going to give you credit for the 10% you've already paid and now you're going to pay us the 27% okay so you end up paying the higher of the two in most situations and I'm overly generalizing here okay so generally speaking tax law is fairly complex it varies from country to Country each agreement can be different there's different types of income Etc and so you want to make sure that you pay attention to what it is that's applicable in your individual situation however generally speaking this is what happens so what is how does this work the most and by the way a lot of countries I mentioned this unilateral tax credit a lot of countries will give you that tax credit regardless of whether you have a double tax agreement so you might say well hang on what's the point of the double tax agreement why would I care in that situation okay let's go through that so what a double tax agreement first of all does is it helps to clarify where you are resident okay so usually Article 4 in one of those treaties isn't always article four but usually Article 4 uh specifies who is a resident and what it will say is that essentially you can't be resident of two places at once and here is where we start to get into the thing right somebody will say oh you know I'm paying taxes in Ukraine so I don't have to pay taxes in Poland it's like well hang on a minute under the terms of the tax treaty there is what are called tiebreaker rules okay so the tiebreaker rules essentially say well if you're resident in both places we're only going to have make you be residential one how do we figure that out and what they're going to say is usually do you have a permanent home available to you and so if you've got a home in the country where you're living you meet that test right so now if you also have one in the other place they're going to say go to test number two if they don't if you don't have a home in the other place you're just like hey I'm registered there I you know I'm registered as a soul Trader or something that doesn't help you at all if you don't have a permanent home there if you do have a permanent home in both then they're going to say okay where where are your uh would typically call your center of vital interests where's your personal and economic relations the closest and so again if your kids are going to school here if you're you know banking here you've got a cell phone here you have your personal possessions here you have a driver's license here you have you know all these different things they're going to look at and they're going to say where are you closer aligned and if you're mainly living in a place you're typically going to be closer aligned there okay there are a couple others that will come into Factor but usually you don't get to them in cases where you're not meaningfully living there so yes if you're between two places and for some reason that weird situation comes up it could be that that weighs in your favor and certainly where it's especially helpful is when you're leaving a country that has pretty aggressive tax rules Australia is a good example okay so Australia it's hard to get out of the Australian system they like to hold on to their people and so if a person leaves Australia and goes to some place like say Thailand where there's a tax treaty then the tax treaty overrides the domestic Australian rules and so it gives you an added degree of certainty which is helpful okay so tax treaties are are nice and certainly there's certain types of income that they're helpful on for example uh there are various withholding taxes rents Royal or royalties uh interest and dividends sometimes a couple others but these are the main three uh that are often subject to withholding and so the withholding rates will be reduced under the tax treaty and that might be helpful for you uh again you know depends on the the situation and how it's taxed in the country that you're coming into and stuff like that but that could could be helpful for you uh but the bottom line is you always need to start with where am I resident for the terms of the local rules and if I'm resident in two countries then okay under the tiebreaker rules where is it going to land me and that's the place that I have to pay the most attention to because they are going to get the primary taxing right and everything else uh is kind of secondary to that okay so please do not read a tax treaty thinking oh because I paid tax in this country I don't have to pay tax in that country that's not what tax treaties say that's not how it works as a general rule um so very very important where you resident pay attention to that pay attention to their rules in that country then for income that is derived from other places outside of the place that you're resident uh you may have to worry about double tax and then figure out how to navigate that and ATT tax stream might be helpful for you there so I hope that helps please let me know if you have any questions put them in the comments below reach out to us and I will look forward to seeing you on the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @johncoffey1483 [3 likes]: Part of the reason for this myth is the unclear lamguage used. Instead of "may be taxable in that place" better would be "may be taxable in both countries" or "may be taxable in that place as well".
  2. @OffshoreCitizen [2 likes]: ☎ Book a call with Michael: https://calendly.com/michael-rosmer
  3. @sumitmondal4430 [2 likes]: But in india in our law written nri are tax free and in india Don't allow dual citizenship but same india gives a card call oci( overseas citizen of India ) card you just loss voting rights you cannot buy agriculture land and cannot apply for government job rather than you can live india lifetime in expiry date wrriten lifetime mean no renewal need and india also offer special bank account for its nri and oci  nro  bank account if you have indian source income your are taxable but another account nre bank account you can deposit foreign currency tax free no tax reporting and can spend india like a normal indian citizen but you need to keep in mind if you live more than 185 days you are considered indian tax recident then you need to pay indian taxes but if you don't live more than 185 days your untaxable by indian law 😅😊❤
  4. @PinkyLadybird [2 likes]: I am currently living in Australia (citizen) and have worked and paid tax here for more than a decade. We are about to move to the Netherlands for 12 months where I will work in my online business. I am a German citizen and have no visa issue in the Netherlands. My family will be registered and my daughter will attend school there. During this time we will also receive income from renting out our apartment. For this next year I am very confused where I will be liable to pay tax. Will I just continue working on my (new) online business without worrying about the Netherlands, seeing that we will be back in Australia?
  5. @dimitrivancamp1013 [1 likes]: I buy and resell 50-100 properties in the USA on which I pay US Federal Income tax and I am a Belgian tax resident. Belgium exempts this income completely for PIT purposes using the progression method. I have been audited 3 years in a row and they agreed with it. Pretty cool but can be changed with the stroke of a pen.
  6. @11riehldeal [1 likes]: Helpful thanks!
  7. @flurin_jenal [1 likes]: Good video, thanks!
  8. @BarentSpringsted [1 likes]: I am an 82 year old American resident in Thailand.  I have a "Permanent Resident Permit" issued to me 16 years ago by the respective Thai government office.  I have NO income in Thailand, employment or otherwise.  My income is only funds  (earnings) from a family trust fund maintained in a bank in the USA.  I periodically request that the US bank remit a specific amount of funds from that account to my account in Bangkok with a Thai bank.  I do file a USA income tax return every year but all of my returns for the past 3 years have noted NO US tax due do to the low level of my annual earnings.  This will not change in the future.  Will I be subject to any tax taxation going forward??  Thank you, B3
  9. @raymondfrancis2983 [1 likes]: 😂 Still yet more of you need to learn…..that one thing !!

A company that retains all business income is entirely separate from yourself (I.e my company only pays income on its earnings but I only pay tax on my income) in my case I also have a trust in jurisdiction #1 that owns the assets and the income, a holding company in jurisdiction #2, subsidiaries in jurisdictions #3-#8 and I reside in jurisdictions #9-#15

But I also happen to be a multi-national with UK 🇬🇧, Irish 🇮🇪 and Swiss🇨🇭passports (thanks grandparents 😊) and that helps
  10. @jamestewari-hh7et [1 likes]: Thanks
  11. @Expandabond: Thank you for the great video Michael! Do you have some tipps on avoiding beeing taxed in germany when I live here in germany but have all my customers in the USA, all business operations, all bank accounts and everything. I mean I do have more stuff here, and drive here and live in Germany, but I want to go to the US longterm.Thanks mate.
  12. @alexm66: So, you said what it isn't, but what is a DTA?
  13. @andyonions7864: Double taxation treaties basically mean you pay the higher rate of the two countries. You can easily pay the lower rate in one country and a top up amount in the other country.
  14. @marie-elsarochebragg5700: Hi Michael thank you. I am a UK resident and am about to become a French Resident  - are there any unusual applications that you mentioned in this case?
  15. @PhysikMitVasil: Welchen Investment-Broker für Aktien und ETFs würdest du für Bulgarien empfehlen / nutzt du?
  16. @leevivian1576: Helo
  17. @JohnS-zq8ks: I understand I'll end up paying the highest tax among two countries. My issue has to do with the "character" of income. For example, if I realize a six hundred thousand dollar "long term capital gain" on the sale of real estate in the US, then that rate is 20%. What if the other country has no capital gains taxes, then "recharacterizes" that income as ordinary earned income and hammers me for 40% (or whatever)? What if I do a tax deferred 1031 exchange of real estate in the US (with unrealized gains over $600,000), then will the foreign jurisdiction ignore US rules and hammer me for that? What about gifts to children's trusts, which benefit in the US by exemptions? What about inheritance taxes? 

Earned income is simple. All the other taxes are not, at least to me, when a foreign tax scheme is imposed onto US financial transactions.
  18. @fazbell: What about RETIREMENT income. Most expats do not work.
  19. @RichardGillespie-sm7ri: Great content as always Michael. Is there a provision of order on DTA's when you have multiple tax residencies? For example, I'm Australian and move to New Zealand for 12 months and establish a permanent home their but still pop in and out of OZ (No home their anymore) and then decide to move to UAE leaving a home in NZ. Australia been Australia still claims you as a tax resident as they do. There is no DTA between the UAE and Australia, but you are still classed as a tax resident of NZ too, UAE says you're a tax resident of them and Australia does too. The head office/business is in the UAE. The DTA between NZ and Australia tiebreaker says you are NZ resident, but the UAE/NZ tie breaker agreement says you are UAE resident. Is that seen as "treaty shopping" to use the NZ/UAE DTA to negate Australia's taxing rights. Western countries have "sticky" residency rules which complicates matters. Thanks!
  20. @artistpartyman8263: So, here is a scenario "If a person(s) Lives only in the USA and does an e-commerce business online by being an independent Artist & Music Producer, and streams music as a business, does that person have to pay 30% Treaty Tax to the global countries where the music is being streamed and collecting residual income?"

I am asking this question regarding this Information Below:

"Please note Person(s) may be subject to up to 30% withholding on payments for royalties if:

    an individual does not provide a U.S and Foreign Identification Number
    a person(s) is not a resident of a country with a tax treaty
    special rates or conditions are not claimed (if applicable)"

Although this sounds like the opposite of what you just explained, What does this all mean for an independent music producer or e-commerce business practitioner?

- The secret of true love | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en Love binds us together. It's a beautiful feeling... and sometimes confusing. Without love, you can't actually be happy. Love is thrilling and passionate. But it can also hurt. Still, many dream of a great love. Yes, I will! We are the way we are, and we fit perfectly. We’re two peas in a pod. Sometimes the feeling lasts a lifetime. Lightening struck for Sara and Karim two and a half years ago. When they met on a dating app. Now, the couple live together in Düsseldorf. When I first saw his photo, my heart skipped a beat, as they say. I saw the photo and thought, that's her. Really. The way this app works, you look at a lot of profiles and at some point you become, I'd say, a bit jaded. And then this photo came up. I thought to myself, okay wow, that's her. And then we talked on the phone for quite a long time. I was at my mother's, and she always likes to send me home with food. I asked her to give me a little bit more. Because - she's here, she doesn't have any family here. And I miss Arabic food. And I wanted to bring you some. We had never met before. But I know how it is. And I thought, she’ll like this. I did have an ulterior motive: I thought, if I give her my Tupperware, we have to meet again. So she can give it back to me. That was smart. Their new home just needs a few finishing touches. It’s has to be ready in 6 weeks. That’s when the two are getting married. Sara, the architect, is very particular about everything being perfect. A challenge for Karim, who has a PhD in physics. So that's what Sara wants, to get the last five percent finished perfectly. That's fine with me. The door opens. The door closes and opens. You don't need any handles, that way. So the study and the guest room also have to be completely finished before the wedding. So, she can go ahead and help me finish. The study is almost finished. This is where Karim will spend his days; he works from home a lot. But behind the door, Sara has something very special hidden away: Her wedding dress. Karim isn‘t allowed see it before their wedding day. I think it's nicer when it's a surprise. Although I do get to see his suit. But in every in culture, the groom isn’t allowed to see the bride’s dress. So he promised he wouldn't peek. And I trust him. The preparations for the wedding are well underway. Everything should be perfect, even the wedding dance. The two have hired a wedding planner. Sanela Ziesmann has organized everything, down to the smallest detail. Sara and Karim want it to be the most beautiful day of their lives, celebrating with 150 guests from all over the world. They‘re coming in from Canada, Jordan, Sri Lanka, Greece... Berlin, to be there. And that is just joy, that they are with us, for this new stage of life that we both want to start. That they can celebrate and feel the joy with us. And it’s doesn't happen that often, that all the people we love in the world are with us. I just want everybody to have a good time. Neither had imagined the relationship would became so serious so quickly. Love took them both by surprise. Love is an indescribable feeling. I can‘t put it into words. Something you see, you feel. It makes your heart quiver. But you don‘t know what‘s going on. That‘s love for me. For me... I'd say love is... boundlessness, patience, and friendship... I mean that in a good way! Sure. We are the best of “friends”. No. But you‘re also my best friend. That's right. I don't have a best friend. She’s it. Love is infinite. It‘s a beautiful feeling, Love is wonderful. Just happiness. It's this deep connection you feel. Ulrike and Hermann Schulte-Mattler know this dance school well. This is where they took their first dance class. And where they met. It was a school ball, and they were 15 years old. This is where you were sitting. And I was sitting here, somewhere here. Yes, a little further back, I think. But I saw you there. You were sitting all the way back there. I didn't see you... But every now and then, in between, I could see you. I remember, I was here, talking. I didn't see you coming. All of a sudden, poof! You were standing there. Yes. It took me an hour to organize that. An hour. An hour. The man up front, with the music, he gave the hand signal. And said, ‘Please ask your partner for the next dance.‘ Then, bang, I was here. And then you took my hand and then we went out there, onto the dance floor. Here in front. Yes, here at the door. Yeah. And then some blues came on. I had requested that song. Do you remember the song? No. Actually yes, it was Procol Harum: “A Whiter Shade of Pale.” This was one of the longest blues tracks there was, back then. And then the music came on. At first, we kept a bit of a distance, then we slowly came together. Then I kept moving away, I thought: Nah, too close. And at some point, we were very close. And then we danced very slowly, I remember that. That was a long time ago. Yes, that was a long time ago. That brings tears to your eyes. Oh, honey. All’s well. You've found me. All’s well. Man, man. What life has in store for you. Yes, a great place. Great memories. Tillmann Schürfeld is a musician. As a student, he’d practice ten hours a day. His big dream? To go on tour with big pop bands. Then, in 2018, his professor asked if he’d like to study abroad, in India. Whoah, India. Quite noisy, dirty, a lot of people. The only idea I had of India was what you see in the media. I pictured slums, in my head. I didn’t have a nice image of India. In India, Shivani Karmakar was already a successful artist. A classical Indian dancer, she was firmly anchored in her country, her family and her work. The project with German students was just one of her many artistic projects. At the time, she had never met a German. They were punctual to the minute. If the rehearsal was supposed to start at nine, they reached at 8:58 and they will ring the doorbell exactly at nine. Which was, let's say, not our forte back then, especially not mine. When Shivani and Tillmann met, they fell in love. It was the beginning of a love story across two continents. They spent a six months together. But in March 2020, Tillmann flew back to Germany. Right before the pandemic lockdown. One of the last flights from India. I came home and everything shut down. 60 concerts were cancelled, I had nothing to do. I just came from an intense phase - with Shivani, with music — back home. And - nothing. That was the start of the most difficult challenge, for us. We didn't know when we would see each other next... it ended up being a whole year and a half, well, 16 months that we couldn't see each other. Tillmann and Shivani were 7000 kilometers apart... for 16 months... with no idea when they could meet again. But they didn’t want to give up on their connection. They spent hours every day on Facetime, talking and developing their own style of music. It was, it was just in the pandemic that the absence of the other person made us so important and made us realize, you know, we, we, we genuinely are better together. So thanks to the pandemic, we found the, I don't know, each other's value a little more. This photo was taken by Tillmann while he was still in India, when he said goodbye to Shivani. After that, they only saw each other online. Then I proposed to her on December 19, 2020... ...on facetime... ...on Zoom, of course. And she said yes, and since then, we always keep the picture someplace we can see it. But it was still unclear when they would be able to see each other again. The couple had to deal with lockdown, difficult visa issues, entry restrictions and unclear flight dates. Plans changed multiple times. So personally, till the time his flight landed in Mumbai, I was not sure if he'll be able to make it for the wedding or not. For months, the two could only communicate via screen. Love is complicated. Love is the most important thing in life for me. Without love you can't be happy at all. You’re somehow always unsatisfied. You have to be able to forgive. In arguments, because you say things you might not mean, sometimes. But backstabbing, or something like that, I find hard with forgive. So that is the disadvantage of love. It‘s not always beautiful, there’s pain too. That one, great, true love... a dream, or a wish for many. But not every love lasts a lifetime. Annette Meisl was in a monogamous marriage for 15 years until she realized that her husband had been cheating on her for years. That changed her view of relationships. I think true love sets you free. Annette Meisl suffered greatly before she reached this conclusion. First, she left her husband and had a breakdown. She journaled about it for years. To this day, a trunk filled with her memories stands next to her sofa: It’s frightening, the stories told in these pages. So, for example, here: Monday, October 1. ’My 22nd day, as I’m counting it.‘ And then I say, ’I must begin a new story, and count the days since seeing Mr. X.‘ Back then, I called him Mr. X. At that time I was still seeing him, because I thought we had to clarify things. Until I realized at some point that there was nothing to clarify, and that I just had to let go. The worst thing about my failed relationship was basically being lied to. And not only by him, but also from the female friends around me who knew what was going on and didn't tell me. This idea that for years I looked into their faces, and they were lying to me, had kept the truth from me - that was the greatest betrayal, for me. At this low point, Annette Meisl changed her whole life. She started therapy, and made great strides professionally. She expanded her cigar manufacturing business. She organized music evenings and cigar seminars. She enjoyed her professional success. But, in terms of love, she wanted more. So she began a radical experiment. She decided to develop relationships with five men — at the same time. A challenge, after 15 monogamous years of marriage. I came from nothing. My self-confidence was at rock bottom. And from there, to this idea of five men, that's a huge gap. So how do you manage that? Then it was a case of trial and error, a process of building myself up and forcing myself out of the house - with difficulty. And then learning a new language - the flirting or dating language. And then finally finding someone who wants to try something out, and then finding the next person. And that really took time That was in 2012. It took a year for her to find the 5 men. She knows how to flirt, now. Often, a single glance is enough. But then something happened that she didn't count on: Annette Meisl fell madly in love with one of her five men. And then I experienced real agony in my soul. As all my friends had predicted. And he basically put all my theses to the test. He was, involuntarily, my teacher. And all my great ideas were suddenly put to the test by reality. So, it was an interesting script that life wrote for me. And at some point I was really exhausted, I have to say. Her love experiment became an emotional roller coaster. Nevertheless, she continued it. She had set herself a timeframe of two years. Then she wrote a book: “1,2,3,4,5 men. Just for me.” When the book was published, it was the talk of the town. She appeared on tabloids and talk shows. Her experiment is ongoing: And she has learned a lot about herself: It was a rebellion against love, because I had been very disappointed. And I just wanted something completely different and completely crazy, as a counterpoint. It is not meant as an advice manual. It’s not a ‘how-to.‘ But I want to get people to maybe think outside the box a bit, maybe do something crazy. But for me, honesty is so important. That's my motto. Always treat other people with respect and empathy. And you can’t just betray someone. That's the worst thing for me: The idea of cheating, cheating you of your reality. For me, honesty is the most important thing. Even if it hurts sometimes. The big day is here. In Essen‘s Steele district, the final wedding preparations are underway. Karim wants to leave nothing to chance. Everything should be perfect. But of course there are a few hiccups. The photographer might be late. He should have left, but I don't know if he's still at lunch or what. But he should be there already. We‘re on schedule. Karim is nervous, but wedding planner Sanela has everything under control. Her team is getting the hall ready for 150 guests from all over the world. With only 2 hours to go, it‘s stressful for everyone. There are also these positive moments and you have to think about them, how beautiful that is. Just like this S and K, which is back there. I didn't want it, but Sara had to have it. And it looks phenomenal! So you have to remind yourself of everything that‘s beautiful. So there‘s a little bit more excitement, and less nervousness. You wrote me: Table 2, three child seats and that was the problem with the third child seat at the head of the table... That's what we said, they should seat themselves. The two have kept the official wedding ceremony small. Their big celebration is afterwards. A little bit to the right, about 5-10 centimeters. Karim and Sarah are a bit nervous but also excited. We have the groom, who‘s already here, which is actually not typical. Because usually at weddings, the bride and groom only come later, together, to the location. Here, we have a somewhat different procedure. So we have the groom here, who of course wants to keep an eye on everything, while he waits for the bride. She’s running a bit late. So yes, of course that always causes a certain amount of anxiety. While Karim is waiting in Essen, the bride is in Düsseldorf. She still needs the right hairstyle for her veil. It‘s taking longer than expected. The bottom part is more important than the top. I had some champagne... I told you, you’ve got to have a drink, it’ll relax you. As soon as you see your husband, you’ll be calm. I’m excited. Nervous, but also happy. So, it's all the emotions together. Unfortunately I still have a bit of a cold. You can hear it, maybe. But it could be worse. For stylist Melika, this work is special. For me, of course, it's also exciting. Nothing can go wrong, and of course I have to calm them down, too. That‘s also part of my job. If I'm stressed, the brides are even more stressed. It‘s a big responsibility. Actually, Sara should leave right away, to stay on schedule. For weeks she’s managed to hide the wedding dress from Karim. Only two more hours, and she’ll be standing in front of him. The Grugapark, in Essen. Hermann and Ulrike have spent a lot of time here, in the 51 years since they first met. One spot in the park is particularly special for them: This is our place, so to speak, where I asked her if she would like to ‘go“ with me, as they called it back then. And because I knew the Gruga very well, at that time, and still know it well today, I chose exactly this place here. And as you can see, she said yes. And ever since, we always return to this spot. We first met when we were 15. Now, we have our own children, and I would say a 15 year old is a child. So we were actually still children. Well, we felt very grown up. And when you get to know each other when you’re as young as we both were, it‘s something very special. And we like to come back here. Just as many others may have a place where they met, or got to know each other. Ulrike and Hermann also brought their own children here. To this day, the couple makes the hour long trip once or twice a month - to their spot. They’ve made many important decisions under these trees. Yes, and at some point, when you reach our age, you think to yourself, this is where it all began. You can hardly believe it. You didn't know how the whole thing would develop. And then this place has this attraction, that no other place in the world can ever have. And here, in this place, many of our values were determined... the meaning of family, the meaning of togetherness. Ulrike dreamed of riding a motorcycle at an early age. She learned, with the support of her husband, and is still an enthusiastic rider today. But the couple also has differing interests. My wife likes classical music, and I like heavy metal and hard rock. One secret of their long love affair is their special ritual: Every Wednesday, they take turns surprising each other. You always have to think about what moves the other person. It’s always different. What makes the other person tick, right now? What is it that moves him? You always have to keep track of what is current at the moment. He is no longer the man I met 50 years ago. He is now a completely different person, with other preferences as well. It is love. It is real. Still. This feeling. This warm feeling of love. And there‘s a deep gratitude, too, that I always feel when we are here. That we have been so blessed in life. That is also what I associate with this place. Gratitude. They were always together, in the same place. Something that was out of reach for Shivani and Tillmann for a long time. Until this moment: After 16 months of separation, Tillmann finally lands in Mumbai. The two are reunited. And they get married! Because the pandemic is ongoing, the wedding is small, by Indian standards. And the two can finally make music together - in the same place. Now we are husband and wife. Today, the two live in Cologne. Homesickness is a big issue for Shivani. She misses her beloved Indian food, but that’s relatively easy to fix. More difficult is everyday life in Germany, bureaucracy and the German language. Tillmann helps wherever he can. What she misses most are the people she left behind. I remember the last day in India, the two most difficult things were leaving the Dance Institute because I remember I thought, now I'm going to take my moped back home. And then the next morning I'm not going to come here to stand in front of my Guruji and learn from her. This realization was so difficult, so difficult. But again, on the other hand, I was happy that I was going to move to a new country and start a new life with my husband. And the other was saying goodbye to my mother at the airport. I think about it a lot. Like, ok wow Shivani, what you’ve done for me, I could not have dreamed of. It’s something we need to keep in mind: We have something new together. And we must work diligently to build this thing, together. The two have developed a mix of contemporary pop percussion and classical Indian music. They’re now working on their own productions under the name Anahad, which means “boundless.” As long as the flame of passion stays alive and maybe even grows stronger, we know we are not in the wrong place. It works quite well. And still, everyday, there are those moments where you look out the window and think, wow, it's been a journey. Telling stories through rhythm, that's what their partner tattoo says. It is their life‘s motto, and the plan for a joint professional future. Living and working together - can it work? Axel and Thorsten run a catering company in the Monforts Quarter in Mönchengladbach. The couple spends a lot of time together. They‘re often asked how they manage. May I specify something: I’m always the one who’s asked, ’how can you can stand him?‘ That's not true, I'm asked the same question. It's always a question of who’s asking, to be fair. No, I don't know either. Somehow it has developed. There is no big discussion about it, because it developed so organically. And we also know exactly when the other one has reached their limit. Then I take three or four days off from work completely. When it’s a bit too much and I need to switch off, I go into the kitchen. So the lucky one is whoever’s there at the time. No, joking aside, that's it, we each have our hobby and our space. Space is one key to their happiness. Thorsten cooks — both his profession and his passion. So. How does it look? That's good, do you want to try it? Yes. It smelled quite tasty. From nothing! Once again. It was nothing. The way to a man's heart is through his stomach. Very good! I cook and Axel goes to the kitchen afterwards and cleans up. That is really great. Somebody has to do it. It's a fair deal. When Axel needs a break, he gets behind the wheel... of a streetcar. Members of his club even drive regular streetcar shifts from time to time. I'm living the childhood dream here, the classic childhood dream that probably all boys have at one time or another, of riding the train or driving it. And I practically soaked it up with my mother's milk as a baby, because my great-aunt always took me on tours in Wuppertal on the classic suspension railroad. And that somehow stuck with me. That's quite nice, because I particularly like the people in the Ruhr area, and of course you're on the front line, so to speak. We still sell tickets and so on. I'm not someone who likes to take the streetcar, the bus or the train. That's certainly more for him. But it's something special and I know that it's important for him. He can totally switch off. Not while he's driving, of course, but when he's here. He enjoys it. When he works a shift, he doesn't really get home until 2:30 in the morning. But it's important for him because he's grounded afterwards, he says, it gives him new energy. And he simply needs it. They even donated one of these old restored streetcars to their hometown. give each other space. That‘s one secret of their long relationship. But they also have a hobby in common: In 2019 they were the local carnival‘s crown princes. A first, in their hometown. Logically, and not surprisingly, there were a lot of skeptics. Because they said, ’two princes, and no princess? How? How is it going to work?‘ Even just, ’what will they be wearing? Will there be someone in a gown with a pink feather boa?‘ When we heard about this later, we thought, it can’t be true. People asked: ’Did you think about that?‘ So we had to show more or less first that we are quite normal. And then we said, ’by the way, we'll only do it if neither of us puts on a dress, neither of us will be a princess. If we do it, it's two princes.‘ After that, it was clear: Thorsten and Axel didn’t want to pretend for others. In a 1961 Beetle, they set off for a very special place. The two first said "I do" atop Petersberg mountain in Königswinter in 2009. Back again. It's been a long time. It’s wasn’t an official marriage, but a declaration of partnership. Same-sex marriage in Germany was not yet allowed at the time. Still, the celebration of their love was an event. And it took place in one of the most sought-after wedding venues in Rhineland. A spot for glamorous parties. Many German celebrity couples have walked down these stairs. So Axel wasn't nervous at all at the wedding. Not at all. He just had no voice in the morning. We had to call a doctor. That was especially nice. That he lost his voice. Well, you more than make up for it. No, but really. How should I describe it? A special day. There were special people there. And then this surprise with the room. How will it look? That was already such a magic moment, as you can imagine. If you're going to celebrate, then do it properly. Thorsten used to be a chef at the hotel. So he has a very personal relationship with this place. It turned out to be a huge party: 180 guests, 3000 red roses. It was so emotional. And there were people there who were crying. And they congratulated us afterwards. They said, honestly, that was the first wedding we’ve been to of two men, but it was so emotional and so great. Thank you for that.‘ And that was kind of something. For us it was normal. Once again, the core of the matter. It doesn't matter who it is, sitting up there. If two people say, we take responsibility for each other, it doesn't matter in which constellation they live. It was certainly a bit different 10 or 14 years ago. It was not a political event for us. It was really about us and it didn't matter what other people thought, honestly. When politics in Germany changed and same sex marriage was finally allowed, the couple made it official. In 2019, Axel and Thorsten said "I do" a second time - again with a big celebration. A wedding — a day that should be remembered forever. Many couples come up with something extraordinary. It’s the moment Karim has been waiting for. In a few minutes, Sara will finally arrive at the wedding venue. How did you imagine we would dance with it? The two will never forget this moment. And now for the big party... A wedding with many relatives and friends. For Sara and Karim, it‘s the perfect start to a life together. The two wanted an Arabic wedding. The groom should be carried in. Karim chose the band for this special day. The celebration will be everything the two dreamed of. Love is vivid, and varied. Some people like big gestures. Others prefer small acts of love. Beneath it all, the feeling remains... when the heart chooses love.

  Top Comments:
  1. @caro7256 [9 likes]: I really like the older couple as He looks her yet with a deep respect and gratitude.😊
  2. @Kumari_kl [6 likes]: Your documentaries are always insightful 😊
  3. @vijayam1 [5 likes]: As Axel said "When the two of you say I do, it doesn't matter which constellation you belong to" I think that sums up what love actually is... it's a bit of everything, without everything, yet it was everything in the end..
  4. @fretzie01 [4 likes]: Anyone else single here?😭
  5. @Aji_angeleyes. [4 likes]: Liebe (love), it's both magical and mysterious in a sense. Also, it's a science and an art in a sense. What makes it last though🤔? I've been 16 years in love with the same woman, and about a decade married to her. Why have we lasted this long🤔? It's a choice backed by morals.
  6. @maneshipocrates [3 likes]: DW has made us to fall in love again
  7. @pisceanboy13 [3 likes]: True love is neither a feeling nor a choice, it's intuition.
  8. @renaebailey82: I am a strong independent woman and have two dogs
  9. @koriraron-hj8ju: I am still asking myself how my parents and community will react if i decide to Marry other tribe
Honestly they dont take it lightly
  10. @ST74UK: The older married couple are absolutely adorable and inspirational. When they were dancing and she said about how it all turned out good in the end? Got me right in the feels! 😅
  11. @cw5451: I have given and received so much love in my lifetime! In that regard, I have been very blessed!
  12. @gabrielajonczyk5663: "another love" as music to this fragment was so savage 😂😂😂
  13. @shellyomagap5653: without love you can't be truly happy
  14. @Abhishek-ys2io: DW team, please upload this documentary in hindi😢
  15. @healcptsd6467: True love can orten be difficult
  16. @mbg9650: Nothing about female dual mating strategy!
  17. @ЕржанНасанов: Karim, bro, don't do this. Say No😮.
  18. @betterpoliticsquetu: i remember when ppl would make fun of marriages from dating apps

would like to see a poly marriage 1 guy many women
  19. @shadowman7408: what he describes is infatuation its not love and its pissing me off
  20. @preomtalukder2796: We had an interreligious relationship which was quite bizarre in Bangladesh as she is from the majority religion. We dreamt a lot about everything gonna be alright, we would live happily but she left me accusing that i don't love her enough. I don't know what i have done to deserve such kind of accusation.

- Dual State - Xena (Official Music Video): Kind: captions Language: en ♪ FROZEN BLOOD FLOWS THROUGHOUT ♪ ♪ MY ICE COLD VEINS ALL AROUND ME ♪ ♪ IN MY BODY ♪ ♪ NINE HOURS APART ♪ ♪ SHE CHIPS MY HEART ♪ ♪ NOW THE ICEBERG ♪ ♪ IS SLOWLY CRUMBLING ♪ ♪ SHE GRABS MY SOUL LIKE IT'S ♪ ♪ JUST A GAME ♪ ♪ MAKES NO DIFFERENCE ♪ ♪ IF SHE'S LOSING ♪ ♪ I KNEW WHAT I HAD ♪ ♪ IN THE PALM OF MY HAND ♪ ♪ BUT SHE CHANGED HER MIND ♪ ♪ AND THREW IT ALL AWAY ♪ ♪ AWAY ♪ ♪ YOU GAVE ME THESE BLOODSHOT EYES ♪ ♪ NOW I SEE IN BLACK AND WHITE ♪ ♪ LEFT ALONE LYING IN MY BED ♪ ♪ NOW THAT TRUE LOVE, TRUE LOVE IS DEAD ♪ ♪ SHE PLAYS WITH TIME ♪ ♪ SHE WRECKS MY MIND ♪ ♪ THROUGH THE ASHES ♪ ♪ OF THE SUNRISE ♪ ♪ NINE HOURS AHEAD ♪ ♪ SHE FALLS FROM HER BED ♪ ♪ TO REALISE ♪ ♪ SHE THREW IT ALL AWAY ♪ ♪ NOW THAT TRUE LOVE, TRUE LOVE IS DEAD. ♪

  Top Comments:
  1. @stanislaskrainik-saul9126 [9 likes]: La qualité de cette chanson égale presque ma beauté
  2. @DualState [8 likes]: Thanks for all the love x
Offer a Dual State CD for Christmas: https://dualstate.bandcamp.com/album/porcelaine
  3. @EliottTordo_Erhu [6 likes]: Ou est l'homme fort ludwig ?!! Sinon incroyablement qualité les gars !
  4. @mmrecords3684 [4 likes]: Niceee
  5. @secto6049 [3 likes]: Dammm it's so sweet (´∩｡• ᵕ •｡∩`)
  6. @ilyesg-town2389 [3 likes]: maramé c'est quali
  7. @etiennemaurin2498 [3 likes]: bravo à tous, c'est top 😍👍.. Vivement que l'album Porcelaine soit en ligne👌 !
  8. @frronvapassebattrepourunco7808 [2 likes]: wllh ça commence à etre vener votre bail
  9. @pxpborealis8505 [2 likes]: J'adore 👍
  10. @mariannestrgzr9374 [2 likes]: Bien joué! continuez comme ça!
  11. @MustangEmile [2 likes]: WEEEEEEEERK BITCHEZZZZZZ ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
  12. @Remac1602 [2 likes]: Incroyable cette ptn de qualité
  13. @gunterboers326 [1 likes]: was für ne geile musik
  14. @emiliebrichet6515 [1 likes]: un régal je vous aime <3
  15. @NickyAnimations [1 likes]: 😍
  16. @Jonathan-vs9tt [1 likes]: Magique 😍
  17. @stanislaskrainik-saul9126: ludwig jtd
  18. @mary0s735: Woohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
Par contre fumer tue
  19. @jul4ever199: j'ai juré c'est de la frappe
  20. @benoitdecouvelard273: cette musique me plait

- State Street - The $57 Trillion Financial Monster | Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en It is one of the oldest banks in America. It holds more money than the GDP of almost every nation on Earth. From a revolutionary war charter signed by John Hancock, to a global colossus that handles $49 trillion in global custody, and safeguards the retirement savings of hundreds of millions of people, State Street Corporation has quietly become one of the most powerful financial institutions in the history of the world. It is, quite simply, the most powerful company nobody talks about. They promised to safeguard your retirement, then they skimmed it. If State Street disappeared tomorrow, the global financial system would stop. The year is 1790. The United States is barely a nation. 13 states, 4 million people, and no financial system to speak of. The country runs on a patchwork of foreign coins, state-issued paper, and barter. There is no national currency, no central bank, no way to pay the war debts that bought independence. America won its revolution. Now it has to figure out how to pay for it. Two men step forward with two radically different visions for the country's future. Alexander Hamilton is the nation's first secretary of the treasury, a self-made orphan from the Caribbean. Brilliant. Relentless. He believes the federal government needs a powerful central bank to manage the nation's debt, stabilize its currency, and project strength to the world. Standing against him is Thomas Jefferson, Virginia planter, secretary of state, champion of the common farmer. Jefferson sees Hamilton's bank as a dangerous concentration of power, a tool for northern merchants to dominate southern agrarians. He calls it unconstitutional. The two men wage a political war so bitter it will fracture Washington's cabinet and give birth to America's first political parties. In 1791, President Washington signs the Charter for the First Bank of the United States, capitalized at $10 million, the largest sum of money the young nation has ever seen. The bank opens its doors in Philadelphia. The first bank was an extraordinary experiment. Nothing like that had existed in America before. It gave the federal government the ability to collect taxes, issue currency, and manage debt on a national scale. But it also concentrated enormous financial authority in a single institution, and that made a lot of people very uncomfortable. Two cities begin to rise as the young nation's financial centers, New York and Boston. In Boston, a new generation of merchants and revolutionaries are building something of their own, and one of them is about to create a bank that will outlast them all. It is 1792. Just one year after Hamilton's bank opens in Philadelphia, the financial revolution reaches Boston. The city is booming. Merchantships crowd the harbor. Wealth is flowing in from the China trade, the West Indies, and the cod fisheries. But Boston has only two chartered banks, and neither one will lend to ordinary people. The man who changes that is John Hancock, governor of Massachusetts. First signer of the Declaration of Independence, the most recognizable name in the young republic. But by 1792, Hancock is a man running out of time. His body is failing, crippled by gout, often carried to public events in a sedan chair. He is 55 years old and looks far older. But his political instincts remain razor sharp. When a group of Boston merchants petition for a new bank, one that will serve not just the wealthy but farmers and tradesmen, Hancock sees an opportunity to cement his legacy. On June 25, 1792, he signs the charter for Union Bank, capitalized at $800,000. It is one of the last major acts of his governorship. He will be dead within a year. The founders Hancock gathers are Boston's revolutionary elite. And the man they choose as Union Bank's first president is Moses Gill, a merchant and patriot who personally escorted George Washington to the Continental Army's camps during the siege of Boston. Gill has spent decades building a reputation for integrity and public service. He is the kind of man other men trust with their money. Moses Gill was not a flashy figure. He was a steady, principled man who believed deeply in civic duty. He served in the provincial congress, helped supply the Continental Army, and rose to become lieutenant governor. He was the perfect choice to run a bank that was supposed to serve the public. Union Bank opens its doors on State Street. Boston's great corridor from the State House to the sea. Its charter carries an unusual provision. 20% of its loans must go to farmers. And it is about to grow far beyond anything its founders imagined. In the decades after its founding, Boston explodes. The harbor becomes one of the busiest in the Western Hemisphere. Shipbuilding, whaling, and the China trade pour money into the city. Boston's population doubles, then doubles again. And at the center of it all, State Street becomes the financial nerve center of New England. Union Bank grows with the city. But growth is never a straight line. For more than six decades, through war scares, credit freezes, and currency collapses, the bank on State Street never misses a single semi-annual dividend. While rivals fall around it, Union Bank becomes the institution that will not break. What Union Bank did was very simple, and it was very essential too. People and businesses deposited their money. The bank kept it safe, and lent it out carefully, and made sure depositors could get it back when they needed it. That sounds basic, but in an era where banks were failing left and right, reliability was everything. Union Bank survived because it was conservative and boring. But the longest period of stability in American history is about to end. By the late 1850s, the nation is tearing itself apart over slavery. War is coming. In April 1861, the United States tears itself apart. Eleven southern states secede. The Confederate states of America declare independence. And the bloodiest war in American history begins. Over the next four years, more than 600,000 Americans will die. More than in every other American war combined. Entire cities are burned to the ground. The southern economy is gutted. And the federal government faces a problem it has never confronted. How to finance a war of this scale. The Union needed money. Enormous amounts of money, you know, and the banking system couldn't deliver it. There were over a thousand state chartered banks. Each printing their own currency. There was no national money. No way to raise funds efficiently across the entire country. The government had to rebuild the financial system in the middle of a war. And the federal government decides to do it in a most direct and blunt way. In 1863 and 1864, Congress passes the National Banking Acts. The new laws give the federal government direct control over American banking for the first time. Any bank that wants to survive must accept a federal charter and operate under federal rules. Banks that refuse are taxed into extinction. In 1865, Union Bank makes the leap. It accepts a national charter and becomes National Union Bank of Boston. Boston's banks collectively extend nearly 35 million dollars in credit to the Union War effort. National Union Bank comes out the other side stronger, better connected, and backed by the full authority of the United States government. South of the Mason-Dixon line, the story is annihilation. Confederate currency becomes worthless paper. Southern banks collapse entirely. An entire financial system ceases to exist. But from the ashes of the deadliest war in American history, a new era is rising. The Gilded Age is about to begin. And the men who seize it will transform not just banking, but the meaning of American wealth itself. The Civil War is over. And the men who emerge from its aftermath are not generals. They are industrialists. In the span of a single generation, Cornelius Vanderbilt seizes the railroads. John D. Rockefeller monopolizes oil. Andrew Carnegie dominates steel. And J.P. Morgan controls the money behind all of it. Their combined wealth in today's dollars exceeds one trillion. They are the most powerful private citizens the world has ever seen. And they are building fortunes so vast that the existing banking system has no idea what to do with them. This is the problem. Traditional banks take deposits and make loans. That is all they are legally permitted to do. But the new industrial titans need something far more sophisticated. They need institutions that can manage estates, hold assets for their heirs, oversee investment portfolios worth millions, act as fiduciaries for complex business trusts. Ordinary banks cannot do this. The law will not allow it. And so a new kind of institution rises to meet the demand. Across the country, trust companies begin to multiply. They sit at the intersection of banking and wealth management, offering services that no commercial bank can match. In New York, trust companies manage the fortunes of the robber barons. In Philadelphia, they administer railroad empires. And in Boston, the merchant class sees the same opportunity. A trust company was essentially a bank with superpowers. A regular bank could hold your money and lend it out. A trust company could do that and manage your entire estate. Your investment, your property, your legacy. When the Gilded Age created these enormous personal fortunes, somebody had to manage them. Trust companies filled that gap. They became the private wealth managers of the Industrial Age. On July 1st, 1891, a group of directors from Boston's Third National Bank file a charter for a new institution. They call it the State Street Deposit and Trust Company. In 1899, a 25-year-old Harvard graduate walks through the doors of State Street Deposit and Trust Company. His name is Alan Forbes. He comes from one of Boston's oldest Brahman families. Forbes was a man out of time. He looked at Boston and saw the harbor, the wharves, the age of sale, the clipper ship logo that State Street still uses today. That's Alan Forbes. Forbes rises from assistant treasurer to president in 1911. He wants to leave a real mark. He needs something bigger, something that changes the game. For years, he searches for the opportunity that will define his legacy. And in 1924, his moment arrives. And he is about to discover a new industry that will change everything. In 1913, Congress creates the Federal Reserve, giving the United States a central bank for the first time since Andrew Jackson destroyed the last one. A year later, World War I erupts, and American banks finance the Allied war effort, pouring billions into European bonds and munitions contracts. By the time the war ends, New York has overtaken London as the financial capital of the world. But while Wall Street is seizing global dominance, the most important financial invention of the 20th century is taking shape not in New York, but in Boston. In the summer of 1924, three men, L. Sherman Adams, Charles H. Leroy, and Ashton L. Carr launch an experiment. They pool $50,000 and create the Massachusetts Investors Trust. The concept is radical. Instead of requiring investors to be wealthy enough to build their own stock portfolios, the trust allows ordinary people to buy shares in a single, professionally managed fund. Investors can buy in at any time and redeem their shares at the fund's net asset value. No lockups, no exclusive minimums. It is the first open-end mutual fund in American history, and nobody knows if it will work. A mutual fund is simple. You take money from a large number of people, pull it together, and invest it as one. The fund is managed by professionals, so individual investors don't have to pick their own stocks. It was a way to give the average person access to the stock market for the first time. But a mutual fund needs a custodian, an independent institution to physically hold the securities, process the transactions, and keep the books. A custodian is like a vault with a brain. You don't give your money to the fund manager and just hope for the best. You give it to a separate institution, the custodian, whose only job is to safeguard the assets and make sure every transaction is legitimate. The State Street became that institution. One year later, in October 1925, State Street Deposit and Trust merges with National Union Bank. The combined institution takes the State Street name. Combined deposits reach $57 million. The timing could not be worse. The stock market is climbing to dizzying heights, and soon, the entire system will come crashing down. On October 29, 1929, the stock market collapses. The Dow Jones falls nearly 90 percent from its peak. $16 billion in value vanishes in a single day. Banks begin to fail, not in dozens, but in thousands. So we all put our deposits in a bank, and we expect to get that money back with some interest. But if we all get scared, then I want to run to the bank before you do. I want to pull my money out before you do, and then everybody pulls out, that's a bank run, and the bank collapses. The mutual fund industry, barely five years old, is nearly killed in the cradle. Assets under management plummet. Trust in the financial system shatters completely. The Great Depression has begun. State Street is tested like never before. Deposits decline, markets freeze, clients panic. But Alan Forbes holds the line. The bank maintains its conservative lending practices. It does not chase speculative returns. And it does not break its streak. Even through the worst financial catastrophe in modern history, State Street never misses a single semi-annual dividend. Forbes was not a risk taker, and that saved the bank. While other institutions had gambled on speculated investments and collapsed, State Street has stayed disciplined. Forbes ran a conservative shop. Custody. Trust management. Careful lending. The Depression grinds on through the 1930s. The recovery is slow and painful. But State Street survives intact. When the Second World War ends in 1945, a new era of American prosperity is about to begin. And State Street is positioned to ride it. The postwar boom transforms the American economy, and the financial industry with it. Soldiers return home. Suburbs spread. Consumer spending explodes. And for the first time in history, ordinary Americans begin investing in the stock market in significant numbers. The mutual fund industry, nearly killed by the Depression, roars back to life. By the mid-1960s, mutual fund assets surpass $35 billion. The custodians who hold those assets grow with them. State Street rides the wave. In 1955, after 56 years of service, Alan Forbes steps down as chairman, the longest tenure of any leader in the bank's history. State Street enters the postwar era with momentum. It acquires smaller banks. It builds Boston's first high-rise office tower. It opens its first international office. On paper, it looks like a company on the rise. State Street in this period was growing steadily, you know, merging, expanding, building. But it was still fundamentally a regional New England bank. And then, from the trading floors of Wall Street, a disaster erupts that will expose a fatal weakness in the entire financial system. And hand State Street the opportunity of a lifetime. It is the late 1960s. The American stock market is surging. Trading volumes on the New York Stock Exchange double, then double again. On the surface, Wall Street has never looked stronger. But beneath the trading floors, a catastrophe is unfolding. Every stock trade in America is processed by hand. When a broker buys shares for a client, a physical stock certificate, a piece of paper, must be located, verified, signed, transferred, and delivered. Armies of clerks work in basement back offices, sorting through mountains of paper, matching trades to certificates, logging every transaction in handwritten ledgers. The system was designed for a market that traded a few million shares a day. By 1967, the NYSE is trading over 10 million. People don't realize how primitive it was. Every single trade generated a physical piece of paper that had to be handmatched to another piece of paper. You had rooms full of clerks working through the night, and they still couldn't keep up. Certificates were lost. Trades went unmatched for days. Firms literally didn't know what they owned. The system buckles, then it breaks. The NYSE is forced to close trading on Wednesdays just to let back offices catch up. Over 100 brokerage firms collapse, not because they made bad bets, but because they cannot process their own transactions. Billions of dollars in securities are lost in the chaos. Congress hauled Wall Street executives in front of committees and demanded answers. Lawmakers wanted to know how Wall Street was drowning in its own paperwork. The paperwork crisis exposed a simple truth. Wall Street had a 19th century back office running a 20th century market. Whoever solved that problem, whoever could process securities faster, more accurately, and at scale, would own the future of the financial industry. In Boston, State Street watches the carnage. It is one of the few financial institutions in the country that sees the crisis not as a disaster, but as a door swinging open. But it will take a new kind of leader to walk through it. Wall Street needs technology. It needs automation. It needs someone who thinks like an engineer, not a banker. In 1975, State Street's board finds exactly that man. His name is William Edgerly. He holds an engineering degree from MIT and an MBA from Harvard. He has never worked in banking. His career has been spent at Cabot Corporation, a Boston-based petrochemical company. He does not read banking journals. He studies IBM. He admires engineers who build machines that scale. Edgerly was the last person the old guard at State Street expected. He wasn't from their world. He didn't come up through a branch banking or trust management. He came from manufacturing. He thought in terms of systems, processes, throughput. He looked at a bank and saw a factory that didn't know it was a factory. When the board hires Edgerly as president and CEO, he is walking into an institution that has survived for 183 years. Deposits are solid. The charter is unbroken. But the business model is aging. Real estate lending losses are dragging down returns. And the competition is intensifying every year. State Street is alive, but it is drifting. What made Edgerly dangerous, I'd say I would say in the best sense, was that he had no reverence for banking convention. He didn't care how things had always been done. Edgerly sees what no one else at State Street sees. The paperwork crisis hasn't just exposed a problem. It has revealed a market, a massive growing technology-driven market for securities processing and custody services. What Edgerly is about to do will make State Street one of the most valuable financial companies on earth. For decades, everyone assumed State Street's secret was banking. The real secret was technology, the machines, the automation. And today, that competitive advantage lies in AI agents. Recently, I was building a landing page for my YouTube training program. Normally, that means outlining the page, thinking through structure, writing copy, moving blocks around, and then spending way too much time tweaking details. This time, I used Sintra.ai, which is the sponsor of today's video. So I told one of their AI agents, "Commet it, what I wanted, a simple landing page." And he just built it. Layout, structure, copy, sections, and debugging, all done in under 10 minutes. So I had a working website I could actually use. What I like about Sintra is that it's not one single chatbot pretending to do everything. You get over a dozen specialized AI helpers, copywriting, business development, SEO, social media, even customer support, all in one platform. You're not prompting endlessly. You're choosing a role and letting it execute. If you want to use the same AI tools I'm using to build and run my business, go to Sintra.ai/finaius and use Code Finaius for a limited time, 72% off all plans. That's Sintra.ai/finaius, Code Finaius, build, grow, and scale your business with a team of AI employees from Sintra. Edgerly moves fast. Within months of taking over, he begins shutting down State Street's retail banking branches. He freezes expansion of the commercial lending business. He takes a 183-year-old bank and tells it to stop being a bank. It's hard to overstate how radical this was. Banks take deposits and make loans. That's what they do. That's what they've done for centuries. Edgerly walked in and said, "We're not doing that anymore." People inside the company thought he lost his mind. Edgerly bets everything on a single vision. State Street will become the dominant processor of securities transactions and the premier custodian for the institutional investment industry. He recruits over 100 senior executives from IBM. He appoints Peter Madden, a former IBM manager, as chief operating officer at the age of 34. He builds a proprietary computer system called Horizon on IBM mainframes. He opens a data processing headquarters in Quincy, Massachusetts. What Edgerly built was essentially an information processing factory disguised as a bank, like pension funds, mutual funds, insurance companies. They all own billions in securities that someone has to track, settle, and safeguard. That's custody. That's securities processing. Edgerly saw that this invisible plumbing was going to become the most important business in finance. And he was right. In Washington tonight, President Ford has signed into law the Employee Retirement Income Security Act, the most sweeping pension reform legislation in American history. His timing is perfect. Congress has just passed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, creating massive new compliance and reporting requirements for corporate pension plans. State Street builds the software to meet those needs and captures the market at the start of a decades-long boom. The results are staggering. During the 1980s, State Street delivers investors a total return of 33 percent per year. Its stock price climbs to 17 times its level a decade earlier. Fortune magazine ranks State Street number one in total return to investors among the 100 largest U.S. banks. By the late 1980s, Edgerly knows State Street needs a different kind of leader for the next phase. He has rebuilt the engine. Now someone needs to take it global. He finds his man at Chase Manhattan, and he is nothing like anyone State Street has ever seen. Marshall Carter is a former Marine Corps infantry officer. He served two years in Vietnam, where he earned the Navy Cross, the second highest military valor award in the United States, along with the Bronze Star and a Purple Heart. He is not a technologist. He is a battlefield commander. And in 1992, Edgerly recruits him to become CEO of State Street. Carter brought something Edgerly couldn't, a warrior's instinct for expansion and territory. Edgerly was the architect. Carter was the general. He looked at what Edgerly had built and saw a machine that was ready to conquer the world. He just needs to find his own big idea to rival that of Edgerly. And before long, something extraordinary lands on his desk, an invention so novel that no one in the American financial industry has ever seen anything like it. A 74-year-old physicist has just created a new kind of investment product, and State Street is about to bring it to life. Record losses suffered around the world earlier today. The reaction to Friday's Wall Street drop one-fifth the size of today. On October 19, 1987, the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunges 508 points in a single day. 22% of the market's value vanishes in hours. While the crash has made investors lose billions, one man is about to discover something completely new. Nathan Most is 74 years old. He is a vice president of new product development at the American Stock Exchange. But his background has nothing to do with Wall Street. Most is a UCLA-trained physicist who spent World War II working on acoustics for the U.S. Navy. He drifted into commodities trading after the war, became president of the Pacific Commodities Exchange, and joined AMEX in 1977. He is a scientist in a trader's world, and his mind works differently. Most's breakthrough comes from commodities. He envisions a product that works like a warehouse receipt. Deposit a basket of securities, receive a tradable receipt that can be divided and sold on an exchange. He calls them Standard and Poor's Depository Receipts. Spiders. He takes the idea to the one man who should love it most, Jack Bogle, the legendary founder of Vanguard, the father of index investing. Bogle listens politely, then he says no. Bogle told Most that listing mutual funds on an exchange would add unnecessary trading costs. He didn't believe it would work. The father of index investing rejected the most important innovation in index investing history. That's how close we came to SPY never existing. Most refuses to quit. He battles the SEC for four years. Lawyers tell him the product will never get approved. He pushes forward anyway. On January 29, 1993, the S&P 500 ETF with ticker symbol SPY began trading on the American Stock Exchange. A nine foot inflatable spider hangs from the ceiling. The fund holds $6,530,000 in securities. One million shares trade on the first day. Behind the scenes, a 27 year old state street operations manager named Jim Ross is holding the entire thing together. The specialist firm processes creation orders using punch cards. State Street must audit 500 individual securities, normally a 45 day process in approximately 16 hours between market close and the next morning's open. Ross builds the plumbing from scratch. He will later be nicknamed the plumber. Nobody understood how close the whole thing came to collapsing on day one. The technology was primitive. The timelines were impossible. Jim Ross and his team at State Street were literally inventing the operational infrastructure of the ETF industry in real time. If they had failed that first night, SPY might have died before it ever got started. Nobody in that room knows what they have just created. Spy will become the most heavily traded security on earth, averaging $55 billion in daily volume, holding nearly $700 billion in assets and accounting for half of the entire equity options market. Carter moves like a commander. Within a decade, he pushes State Street from 32 countries to 90. Assets under custody surged past $6 trillion. When the Bank of New York launches a hostile takeover bid, a direct strike at State Street's independence, Carter does what Marines do. He fights and he wins. By 2000, the global footprint is built. Carter passes the torch to David Spina, a 35 year company veteran who immediately closes the biggest deal in State Street's history. The $1.5 billion acquisition of Deutsche Bank's global security services. Assets under management cross $1 trillion. State Street is no longer a Boston bank. It is a global colossus. But a new rival is rising. The Bank of New York Mellon is growing fast. It is building a huge custody business that now matches State Street in size and ambition. The fight for big institutional clients turns into a tough battle over tiny fees and better technology. At the same time, a firm called Barclays Global Investors is quietly putting together the iShares ETF platform. This new product line will one day challenge State Street in the very market it created. Then the world breaks. The 158 year old investment bank Lehman Brothers was on the brink of failure. After bailing out Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac the week before and Bear Stearns the previous March, the federal government decided not to rescue Lehman. State Street's stock plunges 75 percent. It's off balance sheet conduits, hemorrhage billions. CEO Ronald Logue sits in a Treasury Department conference room as Secretary Paulson forces nine bank CEOs to accept government bailouts. State Street takes $2 billion in government bailout. State Street survived 2008 but just barely. The stock cratered. The conduit losses were enormous. They took the bailout money and paid it back fast. State Street has weathered the storm. The stock is recovering. But no one knows that a worst crisis is coming. It turns out that this company has been running a scheme. And in 2009, whistleblowers are about to blow it wide open. For over a decade from 1998 to 2009, State Street has been systematically overcharging its own custody clients on foreign currency transactions. The scheme is elegantly simple. When pension funds and institutional investors hold international securities, they need foreign currency exchanged. Many clients allow State Street to handle these trades automatically, so-called indirect transactions. State Street is a very important part of the business. State Street promises them the most competitive rates available. Best execution. Fair dealing. It is a lie. What State Street actually did was to apply predetermined uniform markups to every indirect foreign exchange trade. The client never saw the real market price. They saw a price that had already been inflated. State Street pocketed a difference. They did this for 11 years. To pension funds, to endowments, to retirement plans, for teachers and firefighters, the people who trusted State Street the most were the ones getting cheated. The fallout is enormous. State Street Bank and Trust Company, a Massachusetts-based financial institution, agreed to pay a total of at least $382.4 million and at least $60 million to clients. This wasn't a rogue trader. This wasn't one bad actor. This was an institutional policy, the deliberate systematic decision to overcharge the clients who trusted State Street with their retirement savings. For 11 years, that's not a mistake. That's a business model. The $530 million penalty is staggering. But it is not the end. It is the beginning. By 2009, the board needs someone who knows the institution from the inside, someone steady. So they choose Jay Hooley. He is 52 years old. He has been at State Street for 24 years, joining in 1986, rising through the ranks from operations to president and chief operating officer. He is not an outsider like Edgerley. He is not a warrior like Carter. He is the company man, the institutionalist, the leader who knows where every pipe runs and every wire connects. He'd spent his entire career inside State Street. He understood the culture, the operations, the client base, the board chosen because they believed he was the man who could restore stability after the worst crisis the company had ever faced. Hooley inherits a disaster. In his first nine months, he absorbs nearly $1 billion in charges. The SEC is still pursuing charges against former executives for the subprime fraud. The FX scandal investigation is quietly gaining momentum. The wreckage is everywhere. But Hooley has no time to rebuild, because inside his own company, another fraud is already underway. A scheme so brazen that it will end with a State Street executive in federal prison. It begins with a question asked in the quiet carpeted offices of State Street's portfolio solutions division, a question so casual, so offhand, that it could be mistaken for small talk between colleagues. Ross McClellan, executive vice president, global head of portfolio solutions, turns to his colleague Edward Pennings. The question is simple. How much do you want to take? Pennings doesn't hesitate. Whatever, let's see how we go. That exchange will eventually be read aloud in a federal courtroom. But for now, it is just two men deciding to steal. The scheme is surgical. When large institutional clients restructure their portfolios, shifting billions from one set of investments to another, State Street's transition management team executes the trades. McClellan instructs a trader to add a hidden commission of one basis point to every transaction. One basis point sounds small, but on trades worth hundreds of millions, it adds up fast. Then McClellan gives a second order. Delete any reference to the commissions from the trading results. The clients will never see them. The victims are not hedge funds or Wall Street speculators. They are the Royal Mail Pension Plan, the retirement fund for British postal workers, Ireland's National Pension Reserve Fund, the Kuwait Investment Authority, at least six institutional clients in total, public money, sovereign money, retirement money. This wasn't some complex financial engineering. It was theft. They added hidden charges to trades, then erased the evidence. When one client caught the overchargers, McClellan called them fat finger errors, accidental keystrokes. He refunds a million dollars on the American trades. Then he buries $2 million in overcharges on the European side and hopes nobody will look deeper. But the Royal Mail Pension Plan does look deeper. Their compliance team flags the discrepancies, pulls the records and escalates. The coverup unravels. A former State Street Corp executive was sentenced on Tuesday to 18 months in prison after being convicted of taking part in a scheme to overcharge customers of the bank by applying secret commissions on billions of dollars worth of trades. McClellan is the only State Street executive to go to prison. Think about that. Over a billion dollars in total fines and penalties across all the scandals. And one man goes to jail. He asked his colleague how much they should steal, was told whatever, and then did exactly that. And the casualness of it is what's most chilling. Jay Hooley's effort to restore trust has been blown apart from the inside, and the scandals are still not over. In January 2019, a new chief executive takes command. Ronald O'Hanley arrives from fidelity with a clear goal to modernize the company. His first move is to cut costs. 1,500 jobs disappear right away. By July, the total reaches 2,300 jobs. That includes 15% of senior management. More rounds of cuts follow. If you looked at the headlines alone, you'd think State Street was dying, criminal penalties, a failed mega acquisition, thousands of layoffs, sanctions violations. But then you look at the balance sheet, and the numbers tell a completely different story. That's what makes State Street so strange and so important to understand. Because underneath the scandals, something enormous is happening. The ETF revolution that Nathan Most conceived and Jim Ross built from punch cards has become the dominant force in global investing. Trillions of dollars flow into index funds and ETFs every year. Trillions of dollars SPY alone holds nearly $700 billion. State Street, alongside BlackRock and Vanguard, now collectively sits as the largest shareholder in 88% of S&P 500 companies. Assets under custody reach $49 trillion, more than the GDP of the United States and China combined. With such a concentration of money and power, there will be a reckoning. And the first sign of reckoning will come from Texas. Three companies control the financial world. BlackRock, Vanguard, State Street. Together, they are the largest shareholder in 88% of S&P 500 companies. They manage more money than most nations produce. And in December 2024, the state of Texas accuses all three of forming a cartel. Texas Attorney General Ken Paxton is suing three investing companies accusing them of conspiring to manipulate energy markets. Paxton and 10 other attorneys, generals file the lawsuit against BlackRock, State Street Corporation and Vanguard. They're accusing the companies of acquiring substantial stock holdings and U.S. coal producers and then weaponizing their shares to pressure the coal companies with green energy goals. The question this lawsuit asks is profound. When three companies collectively own a quarter to a third of every major coal producers in the country and then jointly pressure those companies to produce less coal, is that environmental responsibility or is that a cartel? That's the question a federal court is now trying to answer. The case escalates fast. In May 2025, the Trump administration's DOJ and FTC file statements supporting Paxton. In August 2025, a federal judge denies all three firms motions to dismiss. The case proceeds. In early 2026, Vanguard breaks ranks, settling for $29.5 million, agreeing to withdraw from climate groups and expand investor proxy voting. Paxton calls it historic. BlackRock and State Street refuse to settle. State Street calls the lawsuit baseless and without merit. The case is ongoing. The outcome could reshape how the most powerful financial institutions on earth are allowed to wield their influence. The trial will determine the legal answer. History will determine the rest. As of 2026, State Street Corporation holds $49 trillion in assets under custody and administration. That figure exceeds the combined gross domestic product of the United States and China. The company manages $4.7 trillion in assets through State Street Global Advisors. SPY, the ETF it launched from a trading floor with a giant inflatable spider, trades $55 billion daily and holds nearly $700 billion. It is one of the most systemically important financial institutions on the planet. And most Americans have never heard of it. State Street is the most powerful financial institution that nobody talks about. It has survived longer than almost any company in American history. 234 years. It holds more money than most countries produce. But if you walk down any street in America and ask 100 people what State Street does, 99% of them couldn't tell you. From a Revolutionary War Charter, signed by a dying governor, to a global financial colossus that holds more assets than any nation on Earth. State Street's 234-year history is a story of reinvention, endurance, and betrayal.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Finaius [13 likes]: 🤖 Get 72% off AI helpers → sintra.ai/finaius (code: finaius)
🎬 Apply for the YouTube Accelerator Program → capitalizedmedia.com/application
  2. @AkxTremisT [2 likes]: Now we need detailed video on JANE STREET ..
  3. @chellynn7052 [1 likes]: These institutions know that all they have to do is pay fines, and they go on with other frauds the next day! Thats what is wrong. Same with big pharma companies...lobbyists for oil companies... lying and causing deaths to make profit. Pay a fine, and do it again. Why are they allowed to settle for a fine??  Shut them down!
  4. @KaraboMoremi [1 likes]: That was quite informative. I still need to do more research myself, but you gave me starting points
  5. @BillKoeth [1 likes]: JESUS CHRIST IS LORD & SUPREME LEADER! THE REST OF US ARE MERELY HUMANS
  6. @leofastov9205 [1 likes]: Next one: Jane Street
  7. @luyandamahachi4389: Please Do MARC RICH OR GLENCORE
  8. @robertmilhouse9394: oh so jayz didnt stay there he was saying he is a part of state street
  9. @rojanjacob: Break up the financial cartel!
  10. @RumpasVisionAI: Nice ✨
  11. @dreambelievesurvive: i want jane street
  12. @jaywhite9028: don't waste your time with this piece of garbage video. Nothing here but ads and personal plugs.
  13. @yoanalexander78: And now there's Jane street lol
  14. @PrinceMwatela: That was so good
  15. @robinabernathy2829: Could you do a video about the company "Tencent" one day? I had no idea how much of a beast they were. Most people have never even heard of them.
  16. @MariaBelyaeva-r3g: Templars and Jesuits of Vatican corporation robbing the people of the land for centuries. They robbed the whole world, including the soviet people, stealing the USSR passports and money from the millions of people and using it through GMEI Utility and WORLDBANK GROUP trusts, it's outrageous legalised fraud and robbery.
  17. @Morphine7Alpheus: dam and wow.
  18. @newworldcommunications5658: Templar$$$
  19. @ThereIsAlwaysaWay2: State Street should be declared a terrorist organization. 
And all ETF's should be disbanded and made illegal.
  20. @CH-Student: 👏🏻

- Samkhya - SRFTI documentary (2018): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] a tokachi couch in the berliner Amy Schaefer Ivana I wish a poor Bella Jaipur Apache Cory I'm ashamed to pull back kaito-kun a bad conductor on Tokai Delta Delta car Ducati she she would commit a doctor today corta corta take any pocketed that'll be really the cortical area last anime actor chicken vishwanadha Korea j0t Takata blackish all go to beat revonnah a toccata pouch into Paulina I assure you everyone night buddy only habakkuk Emily because I mean he could only then into a man and a community college Jordan in boobity boobity Tana ceremony current Nami [Laughter] Shawn tenènte she will cool it on my pyre kotoba sure he should rely each we made enough keep ulam I'll keep your lamina job you could take out the shop teacher away sir crude a shuttlepod car a common actual shootie each other ever again being a true Lamar who Givenchy haute indiana chai our Bobby Givenchy Akbari Asha do you want kiha popping up or otaku I mean those shoes ready each one pitch one tired or no Shh I'll veto Jovanka drew Quixote I'm endure a child or I would you wanna know that a makea man would TRT laptop after food illogical gee Bobby porta television I look and not irritability Muslim béla bartók act ethically enjoy a Porcha Potter for my community la Valliere Pasha bhai Patel Aditi she will moratoria below terrific until you drop our key in knowledge all bashfully Tiki captured Akbar to Kakui yes ciabatta the heart a cap a very vast an empty actors even be shown by authority zero tataka tire that he shot him to kill Elena I wrote patella get emote emote a school veranda route gosh video diaper battle armor rastenn am characters even destroyed people to the other horrific day on our actors one judge amici shoe recorder

  Top Comments:
  1. @amator90: Beautiful❤
  2. @Monojgurung1999: I love the story

- Lin and Ralph: A Love Story (Extraordinary People Documentary) | Real Stories: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] he has been the only person in my life who never made me feel really conscious of my disability he always said you're not a disabled person you're somebody who needs a bit of help but the wonderful thing about him and the thing that I will always love him for is that he's never said my aspirations to do something as ridiculous he's always said go for it he's made me believe in myself in a way that nobody else could okay she says oh give her a lot but she's gonna give me a lot I wouldn't want to go back to where I was before I married her there were a lot of people that criticized this and it was all wrong did we prove them wrong very deeply enough I know that the sexual side of our marriage has always been incredibly difficult due to cerebral palsy and obviously I had been relatively deprived of sexual contact and fortunately I'm fairly well-endowed on the boob front it's my best bit of my anatomy because unfortunately he's very much a breast man when Lee was born we went to see a specialist that examined premature babies you just lifted her up and threw her into my arms and you said to me there you are mother there's your baby she'll never be any good take her home and forget out and that was that I think all the way from Cole Shelton to popular are crying and she was still crying and before I got home I got angry and I said who do they think they are to sell me my child's no good will show might be darling that you're some good got no right to say that to you in November 2003 I filled my old friend linen barrack receiving her MBA for services to the disabled well though blind and having cerebral palsy I've seen her achieve remarkable things with the help and devotion of Ralph's her husband of 17 years the very first time you and I went out together you took me out for a meal and I thought bloody hell how am I gonna manage I've got to ask him to cut the food up what if I spill something what if he doesn't understand about eating food by the face of a clock and I might need going into the loo but he was just absolutely brilliant it was like second nature to you I came home from that meal the very first time I know sort of pinching myself and thinking God you know what's happening to me and you gave me a single long-stemmed Rose in a sort of cellophane wrap and I thought god he's a romantic I'm sitting there thinking I think I'm falling in love with this man I mean how could I how could I stop myself basically I first went to them for counselling and even lost my first wife so I offered to take her out and one thing led to the other and we finished up going for an evening drink and then in a meal and then so we carried on like that into it sometimes we were getting very close there's actually really threw me was when she said to me I can't counsel him anymore I said why she said what would be coming too close we can either be friends or we can stop counseling so I elected to go for the friendship and I haven't regretted it yet two years after they met Lynn became mrs. Boyce Ralph at 54 was 17 years her senior I remember when he said to me I want to my real in and I said to him I don't know if I said are you sure what you're taking on so he said I think I am so I said well I'm very happy to think that you see Lynn is a very desirable person said that really makes me happy I said but when you say to me I think I love Lynn then I I think you've got to be sure because what you're taking on is a big commitment 24 hours a day is your priority it's al in those wedding vows were for better for worse for richer for poorer and in sickness and in health when our minister said that I was tempted to say pass I mean let's face it Ralph was a pretty unique marvelous guy to even consider taking me on he had to be either extremely brave or extremely stupid it's very much a husband and wife relationship not a brother and sister relationship and it was a honeymoon in every sense of the word there we were seeing very intimate moment and we get really close and all of a sudden me artificial eye falls it and he drops straight on me and it's sort of steering asses you say and I just turned to him and I said it's looking at your kid I just love about it because he tried to give me yeah Daft experiences and we got fantastically happy memories and be really I mean who would have imagined taking me to Israel and we went to Paris and we went on Concorde and we went to some lovely weekend's away and some lovely hotels it was just a wonderful time but we used to go away to these hotels and holidays and we come back absolutely knackered and feeling as though we needed another holiday because the accommodation was so inadequate for people with disabilities so rather sitting in a corner and moaning about it we decided to set up a charity to see if we could make a difference and provide people with the right kind of facilities when we started this trust offer would be the group of people around the table we had very little going for us and they were people out there that said you know you'll never make it this trusted in and myself is the one thing in life we want to prove because we want to prove that there's places out there with disabled people from going after I solidus in 1997 after five years of hard fundraising Lynn and Ralph invited me to Norfolk for the opening of their very first purpose-built holiday home drawbacks on the way through and pickups and that said time without your help we just wouldn't been out to build it this is our baby the fulfillment that I get like other people have children you know I feel tremendously proud the Ralph and I set this up and it's my ambition before I die to have prophecies north south east and west berrak cottage was a fantastic achievement but in their moment of triumph a shadow was cast over their future Ralph was diagnosed with Parkinson's disease an incurable degenerative illness it gradually leads to loss of speech and movement I feel very angry about getting Parkinson's he's unfair why me you know but now we had a big problem because the person that was going to be looking after Lynn wasn't there becoming a person that may later died need help himself ready - no problem - July 2001 four years after Ralph's diagnosis for Parkinson's he's now got problems with his knees but it still lends full time carer we both get very tired because we both get up during the night and that won't necessarily be at the same time so you get very much to our sleeps and I brighten into their sleep an able party person can get up in the middle of the night go spend a penny and be back in bed within about three four minutes us half an hour forty minutes most times we go through the night with about six hours sleep at the most she's got to ask me for everything she wants and at time she does ask at the wrong time well she wrote me and said I need to get out right and I said no but it didn't last long because she brought me up again by Sam be me when ruff was first diagnosed I was looking into the abyss and I'm talking about jumping off Beachy Head together it's really bad we'll just go together you know fortunately we usually manage to hold each other up when I'm down he sort of bucks up because he has a purpose and vice versa as far as I know you never took your lunchtime pill the best thing to do now is to take one nail for the piece of bread or something and then have one about 9:00 or 9:30 otherwise you'll be taking all your party pills on top of each other without I don't think I'd be functioning I've got Parkinson's and if I don't take my pills are going help but it still becomes it drives me new life it revolves me on pills I think that was about 20 I had died at one time and they had to be taken in order I know the outlet I would have forgot which ones I'd say isn't that and she's got a very good memory she's got a very good hearing from what I'm doing she knows if I'm taking any pills or not taking that's a no she says I'll give her a lot but she could've gives me a lot she might not be able to give me things that otherwise can give me but she gives me other was useful life together we have he has been an inspiration the way he's managed to carry on looking after me and keep himself going despite it all rather than kind of wallow in his own self-pity that wouldn't do him any good wouldn't do me any good Ralph continues to support Lin in her ambition to build a chain of holiday homes at a trust meeting with the architect plans are being finalized for a second holiday home it's to be built in Scotland on land donated by the Duke and Duchess of Hamilton we could have chucked in the towel and said right he's got Parkinson's we're not going to do anything else but we've driven together and I actually think it's been Ralph's salvation I'd like to be able to do those two things in August six weeks later Lin and Ralph flew to Scotland to get planning permission it turned out to be a life-changing journey the journey up went without a hitch everything was fine until the journey home on their way back the seats that allowed Lind to sit without bending her legs was unavailable when we got on board raff took one look at it and said my wife won't be able to sit there and they started to push and they started to shove and I was virtually on the floor just being held off the floor by Ralph the passengers were then coming up putting their hands up my skirts and trying to drag me out from underneath the seat and the air crew people were dragging me across the floor to pick me up Lin was promised a suitable seat on the next flight due in four hours when we got on the plane the captain said we can't let you sit in the seat you want to sit in you've got to sit in the second row I said I will not be able to get myself and a pair of tripods in that gap oh yes you will and again they started to pull and shove and push and at one time they've got me by the shoulders and they're trying to pull me over the top of the seat in front of me I go down between these two rows of seats like a sack of potatoes Lin was taken off the plane yet again another four hours later a plane with a suitable seat finally arrived my knees are swollen like footballs and I was thinking my god I feel like I've been run over by a steamroller how I've got to get out of this wheelchair and I've got to get in that aeroplane because I've got to get home doesn't matter about the pain there 80 minute flight had turned into a 14-hour nightmare they didn't get home until 1:20 the following morning that Monday morning I went for physio because I'd been having treatment on my shoulder going to one look at me and he said oh bloody hell what have they done to you you said your spine is so twisted I don't know where to start yeah the particular airline in question sent the most massive bouquet of flowers you've ever seen in your life and I rang them up and I thank them for the flowers and I said but you will be hearing from my lawyers this morning and they said yes we thought we would liability wasn't an issue and the airline offered Lyn 85,000 pounds in compensation and offer her lawyer advised her to refuse she lives a very active life and that's something that I would like to think that she could continue to do because she's a very important member of society it would be unfortunate if the deterioration in her condition means that she's unable to do anything she no longer feels that she's in control of her life or her body , then he's having a very bad patch regard to these pain levels and she's virtually never had pain there I don't think any of us can realize where that pain message training on it and I don't think they'll get better and the prospects are there little bit less she'd rather walk less you got to do this that would really fit was trying on me and it depends if I can I woke up long enough to keep her going she's going to need more care and I'm getting to the stage yeah well I want to have a little rest of my own December 2003 ralph is now 70 the past two years have been tough on him he's had both knee joints replaced and his Parkinson's is worse with the Parkinson's my legs kick out quite old at night Lynn joins the ups she can't go to sleep so what I tend to do is to come in here when I wake I would join the no I creep back into bed again and hopefully I don't wait Lin up but at the moment I'm sleeping on a bed in this room it's not a good position but we're both getting better sleep but he's not helping the relationship obviously you always imagined that your carer is gonna be strong for you when you realize that they're fallible human beings it's a bit of a shock you need somebody you can rely on because without them you ain't gonna survive when you are dependent upon someone who's got equally as bigger problems as yourself that is really scary over the last two years Lin's constant pain and decrease mobility have taken their toll on Ralph Karras from social services now have to come in daily to fit Lin's elasticated stockings and a cleaner helps Ralph with his house work despite her problems Lyn still runs a successful Braille translation business but because she works she's only entitled to the basic disability allowance of 58 pounds a week to help pay for care everything that I owned last year was just gone in care cost I have friends that have loaned me ten thousand to pay for care at this point I do know that there are a nucleus of people out there who genuinely care about me and have helped me through this really difficult and horrendous two years the biggest drain on Lin's income has been the need for a 24-hour carer to come in every few weeks to give Ralph some respite what you drink when Liz came to our lives we were just rock bottom ruff was so exhausted and unmotivated that it created terrible tension and pressure between us if it hadn't have been for looser rhyming on our doorstep we might not have been together now and she just gave us lots of love and TLC and brought us back from the brink and you know we've gradually sort of got our life together again when I first came ralph said if I tell you the truth I don't like having a carer in the house at first I felt quite offended but I realized what do you say he say I just want it to be the two of us because that's how I always wanted it that's why I married Lyn because I loved her and I wanted to look after her and that's been taken away from me so I feel like my life has been haft but he said if I must have somebody I'd prefer her to be you Ralph has just started an experimental drug regime in the hope of improving his condition so that he can continue to look after Lin on his own the next few months a little bit downhill for them why they sought out Ralph's drugs it could be very positive he could get well sorted out and they could raise their living level and you know enjoyment oh there you go if you think this because then is disabled and I'm disciples as well and we live in one another's pocket 24 hours a day seven days a week and don't take this wrong that I need to get away from Lin sometimes they she's a P for me and it's nice sometimes but I didn't goes out with her care today Liz and Lin are off to a performance of Handel's Messiah at the Albert Hall things are sorry for not go out [Applause] wait you got a few more yeah and we got down thank you okay sleep tight publish and you thank you yeah call me if you need me well yeah sorry I didn't mean to make you jump Linds in bed alright alright daddy let's eat well nine days later and it's the end of Liz's stay and usually Ralph gets then up in the mornings because they'd like to spend time together and when there's a carer in the house that's probably the only time they had to really have some private diamond chat so but sometimes in Ralph's Parkinson's sort of gets the better of him woman's I get it up but I think he's finding it increasingly difficult to this up and look after our first thing in the morning but he won't admit it you want to give him which is admirable I think the only things I've got to do before I leave I feel like going back to bed I hope to be getting along with her leaving but it's like a journey being here and at the end of it I feel absolutely exhausted not just physically but mentally as well I can't as I say get my act together and pack and go it's just like a supreme effort when I finally get sorted I can't imagine her office with a closer relationship and you can't leave must be very difficult I need another 16 oh wait a minute let me count it because I mean if it's 20 pound more you might not have it back ten pound each 20 40 60 80 100 this is actually not as well-paid as all the other jobs I do and she doesn't find it very easy to pay me because she equates me as a friend and not you know not as an employee or somebody who comes on a contract to do a job and she's had a lot of money worries there's so much stress caused by her injuries in the airline worrying about whether she's gonna be able to cope monetarily whether she's going to be able to fold carries etc and I always worry when I'm leaving them because they're not in position to have carers all the time and I feel concerned that they're going to come a trifle unstuck while I'm away because of their difficulties they're too very vulnerable people and he's finding it harder literally by the day because of the high cost of care Liz's help has to be rationed Ralph will have to manage on his own for the next four weeks with finances stretched Lin calls her lawyer to check progress on her claim for damages against the airline the thing is mark if they keep pussyfooting around like this the thing is I'm very shortly gonna be in complete financial stuck I have had a bigger tax bill then was you know what I originally anticipated well I've got the airlines insurers have already made some small interim payments last time they took eleven weeks to pay five thousand pounds I have not got 11 weeks time I paid this tax bill I have not got 11 weeks of money left ok thank you very much this morning I really do it has changed and I don't know whether it's the pending collection my Parkinson's or whatever it is but I think we both change but I think Lynn's changed for the worst and as much that she expects everything to be done immediately she must realize that all these things take telling what is the point of keep fighting all the time I just feel like sitting in a corner and saying sorry flatten you are reducing me to it a wheelchair that won't push because it's twisted that he has lots of holes in it rough falling asleep all over the place every five minutes I'm having to wake him up probably because he's bored and depressed but when he's bored depressed he shuts down good call this living you gotta be joking I'll end up as a feeding and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] machine because that's what they're reducing me to it all boils down to toilet breaks and not much else and I'm just totally fed up totally fair I don't want to see it going on like this yeah I can't wait amazing wonder still Mia I think the world of her she ought to know that if she does I think she does to eat there I know she does I love him to pieces for who is but the age difference is really telling now due to the parking and when I looked at him I feel his vulnerability but I also feel my own Linds lawyer has arranged for her to be examined by an expert in cerebral palsy to establish the extent of the damage she suffered on the plane prosess was pretty bleep for the future when someone tells you your life could be consumed by pain I think it was almost a bigger shock than going blind to be honest with you it just they just hit me like a sack of potatoes yet I had to pick myself up and keep going and what I actually felt like doing was just ending it there and then she said that my disabilities was at a level as though I was 68 and Here I am 53 the prospects of Lin for finally finishing up pinyin a wheelchair all the time being hoisted into paid I wish his onto the toilet meaning that we want to care cuz I can't throw me out and then one care about him do it no she's been hoisted they say you're a guy you're talking money Lumas also examined by a medical expert appointed by the airlines insurers her lawyer has been sent his report we've just had the two medical reports particularly the defendants report difference in the assessment of the advancement is very significant house is 15 there's his three which is a huge games over I'm going to see limb to discuss this with her and the implications in the next stage three years it's completely and utterly insulting for what they've done to me I'm certainly not gonna accept that there isn't one part of me that doesn't hurt I just don't know how long you can come you can go on like that I just feel I've been beaten into the ground by sher line who have got more money the outcome of claims he's independent on who's got the most money it's dependent on the quality of the medical evidence because that determines the value of the claim it's a delicate time for Lynn other doctors going to agree she going to be happy on what they agree if they can't agree how quickly can we get the matter to trial if we can't get it to trial for a long time how she gonna pay for the care between now and the date of trial it's a problem for Linda which she's really good at hang in there to make ends meet Linda sites to cash in some of her savings getting a million quid now they assume that because of my situation they can break me well not without a bloody good fight they can't not without a good fight it's not the only fight they have on their hands with lids gone they've got to cope on their own I'm just giving no I'm just saying you could either get some ham or something or we could go out this is becoming their I want much more she ever used to be he is very educated and I want and that weighs a bit thin it's on free I probably do come across sometimes as an unfeeling uncompassionate person but if I was to let him see just how frightened I was for him as well as for me and I went all mushy on him he just wouldn't function with Ralph's illness making it more difficult for him to cook he's still able to drive short distances for the odd takeaway as he gets worse you'll have to stop driving and they'll be house bound ruff wake up before you fall on the floor dear two weeks later Lin has had a fall getting out of bed extremely get up because the carers have come in and the trust me I just feel that saying oh god wait a lot you know yeah always a broken it's ridiculous but so is not the problem I mean painful and throbbing but if that was yeah that was the only thing that would be fine but it's there knock on of the way everything aches and you know just drives you mad disability who'd want it I certainly wouldn't just about reaching the end of my rope buzzing you just feel so trapped you know because you you want to move and you can't crisis brings the best out in him it really does how's your foot today I think he enjoys being needed it doesn't enjoy the pressure if you know I mean but I feel much more of a burden than usual and yet it does bring out the stuff that you're made of and make you think well yeah there is something special about this relationship despite it all simply got to keep it dry can't do anything else these last two weeks have been very tiring for both of us because Lin can't move around as she broke a bone in the foot yeah there's about five o'clock in the morning we finished up getting neighbors out of bed the Sunday morning to help me we're getting to a point now when I can't pickling up on my own I've got to heal and if she finishes up on the floor she doesn't do it very often but obviously she's there any telling I don't know what we're gonna do the next time she goes on the floor because of Lynn's injury mishaps return earlier than planned with Ralph's growing weaker they have to start looking for equipment to lift Lynn should she fall again that's going to slightly lift you up and nestled in the grapes to have a voice I don't know what we're gonna do the next time she goes on the floor bring the chair closer to lean if you would please right under got to agree to it at some stage but she's rebelling against in the moment she's saying it's the end of the world if it happens but the alternative is I can't pick her up she's got to agree to have something to help me be here when I was strung up in that hammock I was so choked up inside and everybody was deciding what they could do with me I felt like a parcel instead of a human being and for me it just felt like the final nails in the coffin really that this is what my end is going to be like and I just couldn't cope with it I know what the knock-on effect is because I'm not mobile the problems of deterioration and I'm having to do these things what I don't want to do she goes downhill fast and we're talking about me she might exactly I says it's not worth and she speaks the Lord the ordinances yeah what you're doing this to me for I can't go on like this and she's giving up I've never known them do it and I think the pain has just got to around that you know she's giving up and we've got to very quickly get rid of this pain or else get her on a feeling Lynne is looking for a new wheelchair to help ease the constant pain she is suffering you sound depressed about it there's no easy solution then I'm afraid there's no just sitting in it fit straight away my love positive force Lynne okay if we just lift linens lay the game so I think once we get a lot of this pressure off the leg she's gonna feel a lot more comfortable hopefully that feel better negative yeah the lumbar pain can I say something here Lynne without being disrespectful to you and hurting your feelings at all I personally don't feel we're ever going to solve every single problem I really am sorry say that but I don't think there's anything on the market that's going to make it a hundred percent does that make sense if Flynn doesn't exercise and keep her legs moving she soon won't be able to walk at all I have felt very careful this time because I can see how much they've got going for them as a couple and and they're lost in this mire of money and pills and that kind of thing and I think you're missing you know you're very lucky a lot of people would give their eyeteeth to have that kind of relationship forget you know cerebral palsy and the Parkinson's and all the rest of it occasions in my life I would give my eyeteeth to have the sort of love and affection that those two have for each other underneath all this more than one occasion I walked away and sat down in here when they've been saying the little Lynn's being in the bath and I haven't be able to stop the tears it's not being good not on this trip anyway but I should be back to try and cheer Lynne up Ralph decided to get a puppy they give far more to Aston we give to them and I think he'll be good for both of us and you know these things a little bit so what we say strange he's one letter that we can both go through and Stroke and make a fuss off knowing that you'll get a response from him Australia why they don't wanted to go to cool bad news from Lin's lawyer there are yet more delays as the medical experts negotiate is appalling absolutely I thought we were getting to the end but nearly three years and really we're not much further forward what they're trying to do is to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] us financially they can they're not throw less and she'll take it but unfortunately they don't know Lin and maybe it will fight them all the way on that one it's now three months since Ralph started his new course of tablets last week was absolutely terrible Ralph was very depressed and irritable and I just felt absolutely isolated and devastated really because I just thought I was losing my husband in a fog this week he's bright he's laughing it was just wonderful to hear him he hasn't laughed like that since I don't know when experiment seems to be helping giving me more energy Ralph's renewed energy couldn't have come at a better time their charity has just received two hundred and ten thousand pounds from the Scottish Lottery Fund building of their second holiday home can now begin ralph and lynn are determined to attend the inauguration in scotland with flame no longer an option it takes them two days Linda's been asked to turn the first piece of soil on the land donated by the Duke and Duchess of Hamilton it really is quite remarkable to be here I would not have been asked to manage without my husband Ralph and Liz have given me absolutely amazing support on the road my deepest thanks go to their graces the Duke and Duchess of Hamilton because it made a vision a definite reality thank you very much you forget that loom is disabled let alone blind to go on and achieve what she has achieved I think perhaps I don't know but I would imagine because of meeting with Ralph her husband I think that really must have made it and I've always felt that two people who really care about each other can move mountains together far better than one person on their own and I think together they've achieved it I'm older than Lynn and it's on the cards that I would go before and if I go I don't know where she's going to get the support because if anything happened to be near she would be probably in a home by Sophie with the other own if she wasn't very careful so what we tend to do is to do anything we want to do we do near because tomorrow might be too late even I don't know what my life would be like without him deep down despite all the struggles I still adore him and if I'm not here because my disability has got the better of me I hope that he will remember that I loved him in a way that I've never loved anything or anybody else oh that's Lera I can give you kiss : no she don't you

  Top Comments:
  1. @helenmckay9322 [1 likes]: You are one entitled nasty bit of  work
  2. @jasminejeanine2239 [1 likes]: It's beyond stupid to only help people who don't work at all. No, the goal should be to help them be able to work for as long as possible. 😑🤦
  3. @lorettazwarts4847 [1 likes]: I love this story.
  4. @FranziskaCaesar: RALPH...SUCH A LOVING HUSBAND! ❤
  5. @pamela6507: God sent lin an angel Ralph a great loving unselfish man i doubt the passengers were going up her skirt to help her  for any other reason then to help her.  It isnt the airlines responsibility to take care of disabled passengers. She complained to much
  6. @Beltidame: Why is not fitting in an airplane seat their problem and responsibility? The entitlement is beyond unacceptable. I’m just a crew member that is expected to drag overweight passengers inside the aircraft. That’s not what we do.
  7. @miknmas1301: I am only 3:49 in, and I already love this.  ❤
  8. @Annagib71: If she has Medicade or like that she shouldn't be paying anything for. Carers
  9. @Annagib71: Hi I don't have that disability but I can't do math learning for college like I wanted.it's very fusterating im sorry Lynn about Ralph passing I hope ur doing good do u have a mailing address u don't mind sending?thank u Anna i enjoyed the video very much
  10. @AndreaKellom-q9f7s: Lin I'm sorry you lost Ralph,l hope this finds you doing well 🎉
  11. @AndreaKellom-q9f7s: What a wonderful story, l enjoyed it so much, thank you❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉
  12. @cottoncandy4486: Poor Ralph, he had a huge job. RIP MATE.
  13. @thatdamncurtainrod: Liz seems like a wonderful carer .
  14. @lynnlewis5728: I as a disabled person in the United States don't even have the accessable to able to do the stuff I used to be able to enjoy. My size has also become a problem. Now I'm legally blind on top of having disabilities. I can no longer drive myself. There fore it limits me to the activities near my home. I don't feel comfortable around people because, I can't see their faces. My vision is extremely blurry.
  15. @Neutronia1: What a strong couple. I felt so sorry for them that life threw them additional things to handle. I hope she won against the airline company, I wish I knew which one it was so I could avoid using them. It is very difficult going up against a big company or corporation as they have deep pockets and an afford to string people along as they know the individuals cannot afford to keep paying a lawyer.
  16. @Kathyluvsgoats: She is very overweight. If she dropped weight it would have been easier for her and her poor husband. I was overweight with bad legs and back pain. I dropped weight amazing how much of a big difference that made.
  17. @alta7777: A remarkable couple
  18. @loisxander6321: She is so intelligent. I am amazed at how she handles her finances and just her life in general. Their love was a gift from God.
  19. @MereteBergsmark: What a WONDERFUL story. God BLESS you both.
  20. @esthers7668: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤

- Discussion on SA's two-tiered and highly unequal healthcare system: Kind: captions Language: en so south africa is a highly unequal health care system the public sector is underfunded while most south africans can't afford the exorbitant cost of a private care so russell reinsberg is the director of the rural health advocacy project which champions equitable access to quality health care for the country's rural communities he shares with us tonight how those gaps can be uh plugged mr reinsburg thank you very much for joining us this evening thanks indeed for your time so let's start with uh you know did the medium term uh a medium-term budget speak to addressing some of these challenges facing south africa's healthcare system at all well in my view no right i think you know um with most things we always have to start with the problem we're trying to solve yeah and and i think that there is actually very little consideration of the the the conditions of the african health system or the health of south africans in the way that the budget was put together and i think i make that argument in my conversation piece yeah i mean but budgets don't necessarily solve some of these structural issues talk to us a bit about that and what can be done to address those look i think you have to start with i mean what do what is it that we want to do you know so this budget was really just about fiscal consolidation management of the debt and sort of keeping things the same and i think one of the mistakes that we're making is that on the one side health for instance of a people driven business we've just come out of two or three three ways with possibly a fourth wave yeah um wave coming up for covert you know our health workers are exhausted and i think the government's response is to say no that we're just going to unilaterally freeze public sector wages and that's the wages of managers administrators authors doctors nurses everybody you know so i think on the one side while we're trying to achieve this like wishful thinking around a primary surplus we're actually doing more damage to the system right because we're not investing in the kind of things that we need to invest in and i think in the paper what i do is there's some research that came out recently that really just evaluated south africa's response to the to the to the sustainable development goal three which is around the achievement of uhc right and the researchers use existing south african data and we looked and they basically looked at four broad categories of health you know and these include things like reproductive and maternal child health they include things like infectious diseases hiv db covert and then non-communicable diseases which we we were found really wanting um going into this pandemic given the amount of people living with diabetes in south africa but not in treatment you know so it looks at non-communicable diseases and then lastly it looked at sort of health system responsiveness do we have enough doctors do we have enough nurses do we have you know all of those is the health system responsive you know and when they looked at those targets across almost a 10-year period between 2008 in 2017 you know it found on average we were probably just over 50 percent companies on most of the major diseases and then you saw and when you start considering the covert interruptions the health of south africans is in a very poor state yeah and the health system is very poorly set up to be able to respond to that yeah did it even speak to for example how government plans to mitigate the impact of covet 19 on the health system because that certainly should have been something to look at given the fact that uh we believe that we're on the cusp of this fourth wave yeah in my view i feel like we're actually pennywise and pound foolish you know so health is a competence that's shared between national and provincial governments where provincial governments are implementing agents and in order to implement or to deliver on their health targets every year they rely on funding that is transferred from national which is through the provincial equitable share now their equitable share funds a lot of the social wages that the minister talks about which is delivery of education that cooperative governance and and most importantly health and over the next two to three years they're actually cutting that budget right so when you so when we should be investing or really reconsidering our investments we are taking away the the lifeblood of that engine and i think i would have rather gotten back and said listen what is the health management information systems telling us yeah we are the areas that we need to invest how can we take this budget envelope that we have at the moment which is around 264 billion for the public sector and utilize it to actually address the issues within the health system you know so let's start with the problem that we need to solve which for me is about expanding access to primary algae particularly in underserved areas you know and then see how we can use the government budget to actually advance that goal you know a lot of the investments that we made over the last 18 months or so have been mostly at the hospital level you know as we look to respond to to do the covert cases and the like and even then yeah and i guess mr reinsburg it would be the rural communities themselves that would be uh caught mostly on the back foot due to access uh to to to to quality healthcare absolutely you know health is not just determining the health system you know health is also socially determined and our rural communities particularly those in the former homelands are amongst the poorest you know work opportunities are the cases you know youth unemployment or unemployment in a lot of our for a former banjo stands or rural areas is up to 90 you know so the public health sector is probably the only health access that people can get you know and when that is weak you know unfortunately a lot of the resources get sucked up in the big cities with all the big hospital complexes and the like and the further you move out of the city the less available health becomes and when you start constraining budgets you know it starts at the center before it pushes out so the impact will be most felt on the rural health system where access to healthcare is the most needed and i think that's one of the areas where where the treasury didn't really consider the constitutional obligation of everyone's right to access healthcare services and the rural communities unfortunately discriminated just not just on the income level but also on their location all right russell rensberg thank you very much for joining us here on the program director of the rural health advocacy project thanks indeed for making time to speak to us

  Top Comments:
  1. @EugenevanWyk [5 likes]: Tax money goes to public healthcare.. then private money pays for private medical care?
They should make that government officials are only allowed to use government services. Makes no sense having people in charge of government health care.....but they personally go to private clinics.
  2. @SoWhat709 [5 likes]: You don't mind having a 2 tier system when it comes to the vaxxed and unvaxxed or denying healthcare to the unvaxxed.
  3. @johanpretorius2804 [5 likes]: Always referred to a two tier system.. Open boarders is the biggest contribution to a wore down public health system as this country is overrun by people's outside of the country hence the result of bad service the also add to that the incompetent staff working in the health department.. That is the brutal truth..
  4. @oompie3083: Anc stole public healthcare money.

- What experts say about who has the world's best health-care system | Opinion: Kind: captions Language: en - I want to start with a simple question. Which country in the world has the best health care system? - Yeah, so, I hate that question. Here's where you should ask me why I hate that question. - I knew you were gonna start with that question. I think it's a question that a lot of people ask -- which country has the best health care system? - I don't think there's a correct answer to it. - It depends on what it is that we value. - I'll give you an answer, but then I'll tell you why the answer might not be applicable. If you look at the world health rankings, the country that came out on top is France. I think, in general, starting from France and working northern, you tend to get the best health care systems. But the reason why it's not entirely applicable is that what works in one country may not work in another country. - So, just a few years ago, I wrote a piece in "The New York Times" with my colleague, Aaron Carroll. We actually did a tournament of health systems. It was like a bracket tournament the way March Madness is a bracket tournament, or a tennis tournament. And we had me and Aaron, Uwe Reinhardt, Ashish Jha -- a physician, now Dean of Brown -- and Craig Garthwaite -- an economist at Northwestern. And we each voted in each of the brackets -- in each of the pairings -- for which system we liked better. And we ultimately got a winner, but one of the important take-aways from that whole process is that in no pairing did any country win 5 to 0. There were five of us, right? We were not unanimous in any decision. There was always at least someone who disagreed, and in many cases, it was 3 to 2. And we each had different reasons. Someone was very big on the cost, equity, access, or the quality. Look, this is five people who know health care pretty well and know these systems pretty well, and we couldn't even agree. So, there's just no clear winner, actually. - But the one thing that stands out is that among all major developed nations, it's pretty clear that the United States comes in dead last. - On the other hand, I think everyone -- especially experts -- should be skeptical that they know "the" answer. Because what works in one country or one setting doesn't necessarily work in another. - So, there are aspects of the Australian system I like. There are aspects of the English system I like. But I don't think that there's a system we could just bring over here and install like a new fridge. - So, maybe the better question is, what would the best system for the US look like? - And what would that look like? - So, a good health care system or a good -- Yeah, let's just call it a health care system. A good health care system has, to me, several attributes. One is -- -How does it affect our health as a country? - How long is it that people are living? What is the infant mortality rate? What is the rate of certain types of diseases, and how well are they doing in prevention? - And the second question I'd want to know the answer to is, were the benefits of the treatment greater than the cost of the treatment? - A bad health care system could have overspending on care that's of really questionable health benefit at the same time that it has under-spending on health care that's of vital importance to people. So, when people say, "Do we spend too much on health care?" We spend way too much on some things and way too little on others, so a good system would fix both problems. - And the third dimension for a health care system is, how well does it reflect our values as a society? - And by values, I mean -- What are the rich willing to do for the poor? What are the healthy willing to do for the sick? The answer to that doesn't come from economics. It's an answer that we all have within us. But that answer profoundly effects how you answer questions about what's good and bad about health care. - And I would hope that, going forward, as we think about the learnings from other countries, we can take a hard look at what it is that we have and whether they align with our core principles that we otherwise hold so dear. - So, my goal is, have a health system that does the most it can to improve our health, that protects people from financial ruin, and that conforms to our values as a society. - So, yeah, that would be the right thing to do in principle. The next question should be, can we get there from here? And I just don't see it. - What we've seen over time is that the costs of health care have gone up, but outcomes have also improved. So, if we take some measure -- and the measure that I like to use is life expectancy at age 40 -- and then I look on the other axis at the cost of health care per person -- And what you find is, if you look back to 1976 -- -All of these countries -- the US, Germany, Canada -- look similar in terms of what share of GDP goes to health care. - And people are living about 35 years after age 40. Okay. - Fast forward 20 years, and the US is spending a lot more of its GDP on health care, and its life expectancy increases have not kept up with the life expectancy increases in other countries. - So, the US becomes increasingly an outlier both in terms of outcomes -- that is, life expectancy -- and in terms of spending. - Now, you can put the two on the same graph, but that doesn't mean that they're related in any way. I think we're simplifying the other health care system to the point of getting it totally wrong. But a lot of it depends on who you're talking to, right? I think there's a view that some Americans have that, in other systems, care is terrible. There's very long waiting lines and waiting lists; that the latest medical technologies are routinely not available. I think for a lot of other Americans, there's this view that other countries have just figured it out, and what we should be doing in the United States is copying what they've already figured out. And I think both those views are not right at all. - So, I think people mix up this term called "socialized medicine" with what I would call "universal health care." - One is the insurance part -- that is, who runs the insurance. And you can have socialized insurance -- where the government is running the insurance or private insurance or private companies, or both -- and then, second, there's the providers of medical care, who could be either government-run employees or private employees. - There are some methods that one could classify as being socialized medicine, meaning that the government is the single payer. The government operates all the health care, and people belong to a single government system. - So, Britain has socialized medicine, because the hospitals are government institutions, and the physicians and nurses are government employees. - And France has yet a different kind of a system, also not government-owned. And Switzerland, Netherlands, Germany -- these are places that have universal health insurance, but they have active and important private health insurance companies that administer it. So, very different structures of these systems. The thing that they share in common is that they're universal. - So, I think, coming full circle, my great worry with health care reform in America is that it has collapsed to the level of fighting and arguing about these slogans, and the slogans have nothing real behind them. - These slogans have become so politically charged and tied to a particular candidate or a particular viewpoint that has become completely partisan and will shut down constructive debate. - And if you go back to what I was talking about -- how do you evaluate a good health care system -- you don't evaluate it by the share of government in the system. You evaluate it by whether patients want the care that they get and whether the care the patients get is worth it. I think that other countries have great hospitals, cover a lot of medical treatments, have fantastic doctors. And at the same time, they have not figured out a bunch of things that we have not figured out. So, if you are the kind of person who's going without health insurance in the United States -- -I hate to say it, but I think they are better off in many other countries than here in the US. - But for a lot of diseases -- for a lot of people, regardless of income -- this is probably the country where you would like to get your health care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Itzapiza [1 likes]: Not a single MD/DO/Medical Provider
  2. @carolinafd [1 likes]: Portuguese here 🇵🇹! I used the Brazilian 🇧🇷  public healthcare system as a tourist. I had a BETTER experience than in Denmark ( where I live and pay my taxes) and in Brazil it was Free! I was amazed! It was easier  and faster  to see a doctor in Brazil, and I left the doctor's office with all the medicine I needed for free. I was positively shocked. Also, in my experience Southern Europe has a much better system than Nordic countries (I mean, dude only mentioned countries bellow the latitude of France as good ones).
  3. @sametozcelik8319: Turkey in 70th, and the US 37th, stfu
  4. @sniperfoxvlogsgamingandvr2316: People rather take a uber than pay the $600 wee woo wagon bill.
  5. @yabbamita: free luigi
  6. @Horsein: I have experienced all the best hc and im on medicare.  Shattered ankle got right in to surgery, heart attack got right in  so i beat all your time lines.
  7. @hs_xvfg: Korea 🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷🇰🇷fastest in the world😊
  8. @yuckyool: Note that all the speakers above get grants, subsidies. very nice fees from the "healthcare system" -- thereby increasing the cost, but they don't provide any administration or healthcare.
  9. @thegreatest9282: 1:24 canadian and Singaporean Healthcare has issues but no way they are worse than uk and usa
  10. @laurensalehi8832: Sooo in summary....American health care is the best.....if you're rich enough to afford it. That might work for the upper echelon. Lord knows if you can afford a 10BR house & have the money for it, go for it. But standard universal healthcare should be just that. Available for all. That ought to be some standard in any country that is "developed" by all Western meaning of the word.
  11. @cg239: It sounds like the U.S. should try & emulate countries like France & Switzerland. Or, we should take the aspects of each foreign country's health care system that are liked & pointed out by experts & blend all of those positive aspects into a new & unique healthcare system in the U.S. New ideas or implementations can be added on like mass- producing artificial kidneys for people in need of transplants so we can cut down on the use of continuous dialysis & the need to wait for the correct donors. We can also put as much money as we can into cures for diseases & reevaluating & redesigning newer & different drugs that are NOT controlled by Big Pharma. We can add accessibility & affordability to natural & homeopathic care where & when possible. We can continue to monitor the top drugs and ailments so we can alleviate the issues.
  12. @DigitalYojimbo: If you're dying and you can't afford it; then tell me which one is worst.
  13. @Latmov1234: America spends 5x more on medicaid per year than the UK does on the NHS. That covers only 18 million more people than the NHS  Doesn't seem corrupt in the slightest.
  14. @OnionRingsWithTheSauce: There is no such thing as free health care. There is only health care that you pay for yourself, and healthcare where you pay for yourself and everybody else. You are either paying for your own insurance, or losing a large portion of your salary to pay for everybody's else's insurance nationally. 

Keep in mind that some people are fat, some smoke, some drink, some do drugs, and in general don't care about their bodies. Why would you want to pay for someone's else's bills? I never go to the doctor because I am fit, healthy, and take care of myself. As a result, my insurance is cheap and I don't have many medical bills. Someone who is obese with type 2 diabetes needs to go to the doctor frequently for their health problems and needs to buy insulin to survive. As it turns out, when you don't take care of your body, it has more problems. I don't want to pay for someone else's problems, because that isn't fair. People should pay their own bills and that's it. Socialism is evil.
  15. @celestialmorpho: 7:57 Things becoming partisan.
  16. @zolexDackery: If you have the money then the US has the best... Hands down. You can get whatever you want as good as you want. I wouldn't call it a system so much as you would call American fast food a system as a whole. Because it isn't. So the US shouldn't be on any list, at all. And they don't spend any meaningful amount on healthcare. The consumers do. How much does diabetes allegedly caused from fast food cost. "America." Nothing at all. Not a dime. Same as saying a good time costs.. "America" X amount. 
Worthless way of looking at it.
Most greedy. Most absurd. Most prejudiced. Most biased. Most discriminatory. Most expensive.
And the consensus should be that America is a *****e country, because mostly the most disgusting dumps on earth don't have universal healthcare and even in Somalia, if you have loads of money you can buy anything from a stockpile of somewhat dated M-16 rifles or even older tanks to a heart transplant. Making it very much like the USA.
  17. @titosarmiento8333: Nothing can beat Cuba the poorest Nation in the Caribbean but had the best health care system in the world??? Whaat?i didn't know how the world's leftists and progressive liberals fooled the world with unbelievable propaganda.
  18. @HenryHouis: 🎉44 trillion ./yr no health care for population ?
  19. @sondheimisGAWD: They’re asking way too many hypothetical questions and not providing enough definitive information.
  20. @Mixer9071: i have a suggestion about health care system is this weather it is american or other country every doctor need to treat patient's disease as well as he/she do. And for review we need to veiw multiple patients reviews about healthcare system of hospital to find out that healthcare system is best or not. And if not then goverment need to take action about that because healthcare system is very important for every country

- Europe's healthcare systems pushed to brink: Kind: captions Language: en it's been more than three weeks since Italy became the first country outside China to introduce strict stay-at-home restrictions with growing signs that infection rates and deaths are starting to plateau the government announced that parents could take the children out for short walks but the government has also ordered the extension of restrictions to stay in place until April the 13th and probably for longer and the Health Minister has warned against complacency and OPM will conform daily preemies you must not confuse the first positive signals that we are seeing in these hours of an all-clear signal data and the statistical projections made by experts show that we are under right path and that the drastic decisions we have adopted so far are starting to bear fruit quarantine has brought financial hardship and in some cases desperation and that's given rise to numerous gestures of kindness like these food bank donations in Naples many residents in the city's old quarter are hanging pasta and other items from solidarity baskets for the benefit of the jobless and poor people without enough to eat those who can give those who cannot take says the sign you're all in the same boat and we've installed row in the same direction says the organizer angelo pitoni from his balcony and with that sentiment in mind the European Union has weighed in with a new initiative to support short time working and avoid layoffs and redundancies in the --use hardest hit economies millions of people cannot go to work but they still have to buy groceries and pay the bills companies are paying salaries to the employees even if right now they are not making money Europe is now coming to their support with a new initiative it is called sure medical priority though is finding enough beds and equipment to treat the ever-growing numbers falling ill latest triggers from France or a new record of 509 new fatalities and the authorities are transferring patients between regions to spread the pressure more evenly Paris's hospitals are now full and 38 critically ill coronavirus patients were transferred by high-speed train to the city of Rennes on Wednesday in Spain where yet another record of 864 new deaths were recorded in the previous 24 hours the temporary hospital created at this Madrid conference center has been restocked with fresh supplies every bed can save a life and in this crisis every minute matters Paul Brennan al-jazeera

  Top Comments:
  1. @Abraham_Tsfaye [6 likes]: Where are the billionaires, celebrities and corporations now? It's the real people like these helping each other.
  2. @DanSi1d1 [6 likes]: China LIED about their numbers and put the world at risk.  CHINA must pay.
  3. @trexkiro9200 [2 likes]: Rolled my eye so much, i could see my brain
  4. @kassandrachmarzynski1572 [2 likes]: The UK healthcare system was at its brink way before this virus
  5. @eminentgold [2 likes]: Why r ppl still out and about jogging?
  6. @indianatureandheritage7183 [1 likes]: I am sure we will overcome this together.. prayers from india
  7. @लोकमान्य [1 likes]: history  criminal
  8. @rrrobeltnest7295 [1 likes]: Look what China started Wuhan virus
  9. @vikz5786 [1 likes]: Once infection rates plateau there won't be no let up. Health systems will have to prepare for 2nd wave.
  10. @kwabenabadu9474 [1 likes]: God is in control 🙏
  11. @kennyz4953 [1 likes]: I can see a huge shortage of PPE for the frontline workers, EU clothing manufacturing industry should immediately start produce PROTECTIVE OVERALL for emergency frontline workers. 
All the health care department should start training new template workers to handle the simple task, which will reduce the shortage of the healthcare professional.
Do it now, must get it done ASAP!
  12. @sourabhkumaryadav5489: Wuhan virus killed many
  13. @biblereadinginmalayalam3887: People repent and turn to the Lord. He is coming soon.
  14. @justicecrying: Chinese communist party should be removed. It is the source of all evils.  A huge lesson for the world.
  15. @xerasferalos9784: Thank you China for this biowar.
  16. @cvrajendra: Pakistan is responsible for this
  17. @firefox39693: Here in Canada, I think we need to do the same thing France is doing.   Spreading out the patients throughout the country seems like the best thing to do at this point.
  18. @yakubabdulwahab134: China won the WWIII...so enough of this joke,just bring the antidote...Let's stop this game....
  19. @zecomeia1675: a pessoa puxando os alimentos na corda parece  até que isso é combinado só pra fazer a filmagem pras pessoas que ver isso  acharem que está realmente  assim
  20. @vlado2701: .......Bleak but actual news.......
Coronavirus is twisting 2020
      beyond all recognition.
Desperate times... The world gone awry ...The devastating and insidious coronavirus continues to cover the whole world.
 Coronavirus has put our hopes
         and dreams on hold. 
✓ Good luck to all of us in this painful ordeal with coronavirus !
                       * * *
       My deep respect dear 
             Paul Brennan ! 
Special thanks dear Al Jazeera !
  Your independent jour­nalists reporting stories that demand
   the wo­rld’s attention and to
  help everyone stay informed.
                  ✓ ✓ ✓

- Ford government signals change within healthcare system: Kind: captions Language: en let's head to queen's park now where the ford government continues to signal change within its health care system amid questions regarding the privatization of the sector in the meantime ontario's health minister gave a sneak peek of what's to come jason gaidola reports we can no longer stand by and support a status quo that cannot respond to the current challenges the sector is facing during a conference with the association of municipalities ontario ontario health minister sylvia jones gave a preview of how it plans to stabilize a health care system under pressure and remain open in ontario these challenges require bold and innovative solutions to better integrate patient care for all ontarians which is why we will continue to address short-term stressors jones says it's expanding its 911 model of care program which includes allowing paramedics to treat patients in need of palliative or mental health care and or transport them to a facility that's not an emergency room government sources tell chch news tomorrow the health minister plans to unveil more details on paramedics expanded role and moving patients to proper care spaces currently they say 24 percent of occupied beds are patients who would be better served in other facilities meanwhile at queen's park and every other ceo that are defeating us information to help the system every one of them said the same thing you can't stay with the status quo premier doug ford is still under fire for the potential privatization of health care services he thinks that public health care publicly delivered health care doesn't work that's pretty clear he was attacking the quote-unquote status quo what's happened is we've had public health care that's been starved for funds the premier doubled down that ontarians will be covered mr speaker no one in this province as long as our government is here no one will have to pay with their credit card they'll be paying with their o hip card while the ford government continues to promise more cash for psw's training nurses and two new medical schools opposition leaders believe for-profit operations will fracture a workforce they should be strengthening our public health care system not running the risk of having a parallel system that draws staff away from a publicly funded healthcare system and that's happening right now with agency nurses you can see that according to chch sources the health minister's announcement will be tomorrow morning in toronto jason guidola chch news

- Hannibal Regional Healthcare System opens Healthy Way Trail: Kind: captions Language: en some expansion the healthy way trail near Hannibal Regional Hospital open today Hannibal Regional Foundation partners with Missouri Master naturalists work to bring native grasses and plants to the trail donations totaled more than 200 thousand dollars to fund the roughly two and a half million long two and a half mile long trail the Hannibal Regional Health Care System CEO says the community came together to make it possible the folks in our community and the team members that work for the Healthcare System all contributed to help us do this without using any of our funds we were able to build it purely often donated funds so those are the people that I'm thankful for here today the trails entrance is across the street from the Hannibal Regional Emergency Department parking lot

- The Healthcare Divide (full documentary) | FRONTLINE: Kind: captions Language: en-US (ambulance sirens) >> In Los Angeles County, ten people are getting sick with COVID every single minute. >> LAURA SULLIVAN: Earlier this year, L.A. County was the epicenter of the winter COVID surge. >> Hospitals in this area say they're preparing to ration care. >> One, two... (grunts) >> SULLIVAN: In East L.A., L.A. County+U.S.C. Medical Center was regularly seeing more COVID patients than any other hospital in the region. >> I'm sorry to meet you this way. Okay, coming in. Nobody deserves to die alone. Okay, here's your mom. And we allow family members to see their relatives before they pass. >> Mama! (sobbing) I told her that I love her. >> But that's the truth of COVID-- there are some that's going to win, there's some that's going to lose. >> Ma... Ma! >> SULLIVAN: COVID exposed longstanding inequities in America. >> We are now getting a look at data that reveals racial disparities in medical outcomes. >> SULLIVAN: And turned a spotlight on the hospitals that serve low-income, working-class communities like East L.A. >> ...a huge problem not just in the Latino community, but also in the Black community. >> SULLIVAN: This is a story about those hospitals, largely government-funded, whose primary mission is to care for the poor and uninsured. They're called safety net hospitals. >> Why are safety nets hit the hardest? Because our patients are vulnerable. We serve a community of working poor. We serve people who are working essential jobs. (speaking Spanish) Homeless patients, patients with mental illness. Substance abuse addiction disorder-- we are expected to care for the patients the other hospitals won't care for. >> SULLIVAN: More than 70 million Americans rely on Medicaid, and roughly 30 million have no insurance at all. But at a time when safety nets have never been more needed, they're in crisis-- and, it turns out, have been for years. >> Community leaders plan a protest tomorrow, hoping to stop the planned closing of Westlake Hospital. >> Announcement from Hahnemann University Hospital that it too will cease operations. >> A demonstration was held tonight for the hospital that mostly serves Black, Latino, and low-income people... >> I think we're on the brink of a precipice. Even before the pandemic, many of these hospitals were losing money. And the pandemic is only going to make that worse. >> SULLIVAN: Over the past year, FRONTLINE and NPR have been trying to understand why safety nets have been struggling so much, while other hospitals have been doing so well. You know, HCA, one of the first and biggest hospital systems in the country, posted a $3.8 billion profit last year, also during COVID-- what do you think is going on there? >> It is a little unfathomable to me how a hospital system could be making a huge profit in the middle of a COVID pandemic, but honestly, nothing surprises me anymore. The system itself makes no sense, and when you have a system that makes no sense, there are going to be some winners and there are going to be some losers. Is that how you want your healthcare to be delivered? ♪ ♪ >> SULLIVAN: In the foothills of southeastern Tennessee, the city of Chattanooga has been growing steadily for years. It has three sizable hospitals and its largest is downtown, the 680-bed, county-owned Erlanger. It's Chattanooga's safety net hospital. (medical equipment beeping) >> We got a gunshot going to 11. >> SULLIVAN: Dr. Sudave Mendiratta started at Erlanger in 2008 and is now chief of emergency medicine. >> So, six goes to 101, and Burns going to six... Chattanooga's my hometown, and when I had the opportunity to come work at Erlanger, I was excited to work with a diverse patient population. Musical chairs, we'll get through this. I was excited to be part of a public hospital mission. If it were easy, everybody'd work here, right? >> SULLIVAN: While many hospitals care for people who are poor or uninsured, as a public hospital, Erlanger is obligated to take all patients regardless of their ability to pay. >> Erlanger performs vital services, not just in some specialties, like trauma or stroke or cardiac care, but just the day-to-day healthcare for most Americans who don't have access otherwise. Because of that, and that we're open 24/7, 365, we've become a convenient option for healthcare for those who may not have a doctor. We're working on getting you a space so we can get you better treatment, okay? Our doors are open all the time regardless of where you come from. It's the most pure form of medicine. >> SULLIVAN: In recent years here, the number of patients on Medicaid... >> Hello, ma'am! >> SULLIVAN: ...or with no insurance has been climbing. >> Again, I'm Dr. Mendiratta, and thanks for being so patient with us this evening. I just wanted to hear a little bit more of your story. >> I have been clean from 2007 till June of last year. >> Oh, that's fantastic, that long of a time. >> I mean, I wouldn't even came now, because, you know, I know it's a process, but rehab put me out. >> So the only reason you came here to the emergency room tonight is because you weren't able to continue with your, with your rehab. >> Honestly, yes. I mean, I don't have insurance and I don't have a doctor, so I didn't have no choice, but to come to the emergency room. >> Yeah, that's what we're here for. >> Yes, sir. So does that mean you guys are going to give me... >> Yes, ma'am. You're going to be ready to go back, okay? >> We're lucky to have I don't feel like that they change the way they would treat me. As in, you know, if I needed this scan and didn't have no money, they still did it. And I like that. I like to be somebody no matter where I go. I don't like to be less than, and they've always treated me that way, like I was somebody. >> SULLIVAN: But to take care of people like Theresa, safety net hospitals face a fundamental problem: they often don't get enough money from the government to cover the costs. So they have to look elsewhere to survive. They have to attract a lot of insured patients that pay well. And in Erlanger's case, that means it has to compete against its two crosstown rivals, both part of national hospital chains. Memorial belongs to one of the largest groups of nonprofit hospitals in the country. Close by is Parkridge Medical Center, part of the nation's largest for-profit chain, the Hospital Corporation of America, HCA. Former senator Bob Corker was the mayor of Chattanooga in the early 2000s and saw the challenges facing Erlanger. >> So you have this competition that's taking place between a safety net facility that's owned by the public, a for-profit facility that, generally speaking, around the country, is well-run, a nonprofit Catholic hospital, all engaging in similar practices in order to garner market share. And yet, Erlanger's at a disadvantage. >> SULLIVAN: That competitive disadvantage has continually left Erlanger struggling to make ends meet. After years of financial peril, in 2012, the hospital was losing so much money, its future was in jeopardy. So hospital leadership made a desperate decision: they would refocus. Like their competitors, they would prioritize attracting profitable patients. >> The patient that is the most profitable is the healthy patient who is coming in for a simple surgery and going home. That's how-- that's the patient that you can make the most money on. Hello, sir, I'm Dr. Young. >> SULLIVAN: Dr. Chris Young is chief of the medical staff. He's been practicing at Erlanger for 30 years and supported the change in strategy. >> All right, we're going to take good care of you. >> Yeah, I hope you do. >> I think the approach was, we're going to need to make money in a competitive environment. We're going to have to shift our patient mix into a more profitable patient mix. And we're going to use those profits to keep Erlanger alive, keep it functioning on some level. >> I want you to take some big, deep breaths for me, just as big as you can. >> SULLIVAN: The hospital cut some expenses and staff benefits, and by tapping into additional federal funds and borrowing heavily, it began aggressively expanding over the next six years. >> A health system living up to a higher standard. >> SULLIVAN: It opened a new campus in the suburbs to attract a wealthier clientele. >> The Erlanger Orthopedic Institute is blazing new trails. >> SULLIVAN: It invested in specialty practices with high-margin profits. >> The Erlanger Heart and Lung Institute is bringing together experts from all over the world. >> SULLIVAN: And it bought a smaller regional hospital. >> ...with six hospitals and over 5,500 employees. >> We had new helicopters, which we were so excited to talk about our regional reach. There was a sense of excitement that we were part of the cutting-edge healthcare system. >> Please join me in giving sick and injured children every chance to get better. Put your money where the miracles are. >> There was a big advertising campaign. >> This is world class. This is Erlanger. >> You know, that was, that was kind of, in my view, was a little bit over the top in terms of it. But the positive effect was, it did allow people to think, "Oh, well, you know, this is going to be fine." >> I was not astute enough to interpret financial statements, but I assumed that through the banners, through the Super Bowl advertisements, through the glossy mailers, the fancy robots that we were buying, that Erlanger was doing not just good, but Erlanger was doing great. That Erlanger was doing things that got the attention of Wall Street. >> A leader on a global scale. >> SULLIVAN: But despite all the investments and expansion... >> This is Erlanger. >> SULLIVAN: ...the strategy wasn't working for everyone. While Erlanger had its eyes elsewhere, in the working-class neighborhoods on the south side of Chattanooga, the immigrant population was growing. And with it, the community's healthcare needs. (knock at door) >> Karla? >> (speaking Spanish) >> SULLIVAN: Dr. Kelly Rodney Arnold runs Clínica Médicos. She got her start working as a staff physician at Erlanger. Clínica Médicos, really, there was nothing like it. It was the first bilingual medical home for a population that largely seemed voiceless, seemed cast away, and in many ways seemed dismissed. >> SULLIVAN: Since the clinic opened, thousands of low-income patients, many without insurance, have been seeking primary care here, the kind of care that Erlanger hadn't been prioritizing. >> Okay. >> (speaking Spanish): >> How's your new job going? >> It's good. The clinic was an alternative, because it's something we could afford. >> So it's along here on the back. >> Yeah. She makes $13 an hour. Now I'm making $16 an hour. But it's not enough. >> SULLIVAN: When you were watching Erlanger do the expansion and spending a lot of money on, you know, its facilities and its equipment and its campus, what did you see happening? What did you think of it? >> It was disheartening, really, and it was insidious, because as things got bigger and wanted to get bigger, and wanted to become world-class, the very mission became eroded. Chasing margins-- that was put at the front of the train, instead of the patient. >> SULLIVAN: Do you think that affected some patients more than others? >> Of course-- and those patients who aren't as empowered absolutely get pushed by the wayside. >> SULLIVAN: By 2019, there were problems inside Erlanger, too. Its new strategy wasn't covering its rising costs. >> We had a lot of growth, but that didn't translate into profit. >> SULLIVAN: Why doesn't having more patients mean more profit? I mean, it seems like, in any other business, the more customers you get in the door, the more money you're making. >> Well, first of all, they need to have... They have to be able to pay for their service, okay? You can't make-- add up on volume if you're not being paid for it, and so that's where people started running into trouble. >> SULLIVAN: The troubles were especially acute in the E.R., where doctors were warning leadership that the ratio of nurses to patients had become dangerously low. When did you start to think the expansion wasn't working out? >> We knew that when we did not have capacity to care for patients, yet we accepted more, that was an issue. We were seeing patients in hallways and in the waiting room. It became very clear that spending money as an organization to gain market share and to increase volume was not effective to deliver quality >> Over time, people became discouraged. Many people left. They didn't feel good about the care that was being given. We looked to hospital leadership to say, you know, "Why aren't we changing this?" And clearly, it was, it was because of financial concerns. >> SULLIVAN: It all came to a head in April 2019. >> There was one day where it just became painfully apparent that we can't continue to operate the hospital in this >> SULLIVAN: The emergency room was overwhelmed, short on beds and staff. A man arrived with trouble breathing. After initial tests, he was placed back in the crowded waiting room. There wasn't space to admit him. Five hours later, he was unresponsive and died. >> That was a very clear marker that this has gone too far. I still carry this guilt with me. That I may have been complicit in something that caused harm. It's the first part of the Hippocratic Oath, "Do no harm." And yet, when we are constrained within a system that caused harm, it is, it's a moral dilemma for us as physicians. >> SULLIVAN: Soon, the medical staff had had enough. They wrote a letter to the hospital's board of trustees saying they had "no confidence" in the leadership "to ensure the quality and safety of patient care." The board never publicly commented on the man's death, but it pledged to address the doctors' concerns. By the end of 2019, the board brought in new leadership and staffing levels were improving. But once again, Erlanger was losing millions and in financial crisis. So that strategy of going after the market share, going after the, the high-margin procedures, that's a strategy that has worked for some hospitals. Why didn't it work at Erlanger? >> Because we could not only take the patients with the best insurance for the highest- profit procedures. That that inherent discord of fulfilling our safety net hospital mission paradoxically kind of hamstringed the ability for us to have a targeted healthcare marketing strategy towards higher-income ZIP codes and performing the higher-margin procedures. >> We talk a lot about health systems, but the reality is, we have a healthcare marketplace. And so people are selling healthcare to customers. And so for us to survive, we have to compete, but we have to accept all patients. That's our burden, that's our mission. We don't have the luxury of picking and choosing. >> Erlanger is an incredibly important facility here in our community. The needs of our community would not be dealt with appropriately without Erlanger being here. But, you know, at the end of the day, that competition and that overlap and that grab for market share is actually not good for the community. >> SULLIVAN: The competitive pressure on safety net hospitals in America took off about 50 years ago, amid a wave of change in an unlikely place two hours down the road from Chattanooga. Nashville made its name on music, but the industry that's made the city what it is today is healthcare. >> Healthcare is big business. When we talk about healthcare being a $3.9 trillion industry, just think about that industry having its tentacles, its roots, in and around Nashville. >> SULLIVAN: Paul Keckley lives in Nashville and is a longtime industry analyst. >> It's 400-plus companies just in Nashville, plus over 150,000 people that are employed in the industry that live in Nashville. Pretty big business. >> SULLIVAN: Some of the biggest for-profit healthcare companies in the country got their start here. The hospital chain LifePoint, with $7 billion in revenues. Community Health Systems, with 84 hospitals in 16 states. And HCA, one of the first for-profit chains. Jeff Goldsmith was a consultant with HCA in its early days. >> It is an exceptional institution, and I, you know, I mean, I say that as a shareholder. >> SULLIVAN: What is the secret to their success that other hospitals should be learning from? >> Operating discipline. They're very focused, they don't run off and chase rabbits. They don't get distracted by the shiny object. They've stayed in the business of managing hospitals. And if you go visit their corporate offices, it's basically the same corporate office they had 40 years ago, when I worked with them. >> SULLIVAN: HCA bought its first hospital in 1968, just years after the marketplace was flooded with revenue from two new government health insurance programs, Medicare and Medicaid. The hospital industry had long been dominated by nonprofits. Now entrepreneurs saw opportunity, and companies like HCA emerged as key drivers of competition. >> What began happening in the '70s is that you had corporations that began acquiring hospitals and chaining them together to try and achieve economies of scale and efficiency. >> We got the idea to do this thing from seeing what Holiday Inns ten years before had done in changing basically the travel industry. >> The managerial challenges of running a hospital increased dramatically during the '70s and '80s. There was a steady increase in the complexity of the business, a steady increase in the cost and capital requirements associated with staying in the business, and a steady improvement in the quality of the management trying to do all of that stuff, all at the same time. >> The for-profit hospitals say they've introduced sound management to the hospital industry. They say they can raise money faster, build new hospitals quicker, and offer quality care. >> SULLIVAN: Is this an issue where the for-profit hospitals came in and said, "We see a problem and we can fix this, we can do it better"? Or was this a situation where they came in and just said, "We see a situation where we can make money"? >> It's both, but it began with, "We can build a better mousetrap." >> SULLIVAN: Yeah. >> So what investor-owned operators would do is, go into communities where there was a large hospital that had operated pretty much by its own rules, and they'd say, "We're going to compete with you, and if we put in a competing hospital, we'll get better service, we'll get lower cost, and every patient's going to have a choice." >> Now hospitals are going head to head, competing for your business. >> SULLIVAN: As the for-profit industry expanded... >> ...the growing phenomenon-- hospitals that operate for >> SULLIVAN: ...controversies followed over who was being left behind... >> One of the biggest controversies about profit- making hospitals is how they treat people who cannot afford to pay at all. >> SULLIVAN: ...and questions over a widening divide. >> They're usually in prosperous suburbs and usually in states where there's little regulation of hospital rates. >> Location is half the battle for producing return to shareholders. Is it a market where you've got a few large employers that have very attractive health benefits for their employees, and they happen to have a workforce that's in their 30s and 40s and 50s? That's a better scenario than if you're in a market when they're all in their 70s, and their problems are very severe chronic conditions. So what's clear is, they are in the business to make money for their shareholders, for their stockholders. >> It's the biggest merger in history outside the oil >> SULLIVAN: Over the decades, the size and the scale of hospital companies grew, as consolidation swept through the industry, giving rise to massive healthcare systems. >> The entire health system was consolidating. It wasn't just in the investor-owned sector. >> The multi-billion-dollar deal between New York Hospital and Presbyterian Hospital... >> You had a parallel development of systems in the nonprofit world during that period of time. >> ...produces a network that includes nearly 30 hospitals and healthcare... >> You know, I mean, it really didn't matter whether they were investor-owned or not-for- profit, because they were all trying to do essentially the same thing. In this industry, geography is destiny, it's your fate. And if you can't figure out how to spread the cost of managing that enterprise and managing that risk across a large enough population, you drown. >> The only hospital in Chicago's Bronzeville community just announced it will close next year. >> SULLIVAN: And that's what was happening to many safety net hospitals as they tried to live up to their mission and stay afloat in this increasingly competitive marketplace. >> After serving Northeast D.C. for more than 150 years, Providence Hospital officially closed. >> Investor-owned is growing dramatically, but it's doing so at a point where the pie is actually shrinking. The number of hospitals is going down and the percentage of hospitals operating that are owned by investors is going up, and those are happening at the same time. (applause) >> SULLIVAN: For-profits now make up about 24% of the hospital business, and some big systems, like HCA, are stronger than ever. (bell ringing) Its stock price has more than doubled in the last four years. Do you worry at all that there is a growing divide between the safety net hospitals and the for-profits, and even the nonprofits? >> Geography is destiny. >> SULLIVAN: Does that mean that there's a growing divide? >> No. There's no question that there are, there are significant differences in the economic circumstances of these institutions. But so much of those differences depend on the geography and the economics of the patients that they serve. And that hasn't changed at all. >> SULLIVAN: And when people say that other hospitals, for-profit and nonprofit hospitals, make too much, that it's not fair, are they wrong? >> The real problem is, the inequities in the society as a whole have reached the point where we really need to address them. And the disparities in the circumstances of the hospitals are an outgrowth of a failure of social policy and politics. That's what I believe. I'm not going to blame the >> SULLIVAN: Back in Chattanooga, we wanted to take a deeper look at the divide between Erlanger and the other two main hospitals, the nonprofit Memorial and HCA's for-profit, Parkridge. (keys clicking) We got access to a database of financial information that hospitals report to the federal government. It offered a glimpse into how Erlanger was stacking up against its crosstown competitors. In 2019, the year before COVID, Parkridge reported $78 million in operating profit, a margin of almost 24%. Memorial took in $40 million, a nearly seven percent margin. Erlanger lost about $13 million. HCA declined our request for an interview, but said in a statement that the government data isn't always the best measure of profit margins. It also said, in 2019, nearly a third of Parkridge patients were on Medicaid or uninsured. >> Both the nonprofit and the, and the for-profit benefit from Erlanger being here. >> SULLIVAN: From having Erlanger in the market. >> Certainly. By having a safety net hospital in the market, where more of the lower-pay, no-pay patients are going to go, ends up being of benefit to the other facilities. >> SULLIVAN: Chattanooga is just one market, but reflects disparities in the industry, according to Bruce Siegel, who represents more than 300 safety net hospitals around the country. >> So when we look at our membership, before the pandemic, close to half our hospitals were losing money in a given year. The average was about a one or two percent positive margin. >> SULLIVAN: Wow. >> It's very minimal. Some years, the average has been negative. The average American hospital had a margin of closer to about seven percent. >> SULLIVAN: Seven percent? >> Yes, average. And there are some hospitals in America who have margins, profit margins of ten, 15%, 20%. So we've seen this divergence, and, you know, to some degree, it's always been there, but I think the pandemic has made it much worse. And I think that gap has just opened further. >> SULLIVAN: This gap exists in large part because Medicaid often doesn't pay enough to cover the costs of care, leaving hospitals about $19 billion short every year. To help offset these losses, and the costs of caring for the uninsured, the government gives hospitals additional Medicaid funding. They're called supplemental payments. How important to the viability of safety net hospitals are supplemental payments? >> Oh, supplemental payments are absolutely critical. They can be the difference between keeping your doors open or going under. >> SULLIVAN: Really? >> You know, when you're being paid so much less on a Medicaid patient, and you're caring for people who, we get paid nothing-- completely uninsured patients-- supplemental payment can be the difference between life and death. >> SULLIVAN: Diane Rowland was a top adviser to Congress for the Medicaid program. When did the federal government decide that these safety net hospitals needed supplemental funding? >> The program really began around 1980. >> SULLIVAN: Okay. >> The federal government wanted to maintain access for the Medicaid population that they knew needed to use these hospitals, because many of the for-profit hospitals had very low Medicaid patient loads. So if these safety net hospitals were where the population that was low-income was going, they wanted to make sure that they had enough substantial cash flow to be able to stay operative and to maintain the quality of their services. >> SULLIVAN: Medicaid funding is split between the federal government and the states, which are responsible for distributing the money, including the supplementals, now about $50 billion a year. Can the public see how much money is going out in these supplemental payments and what it's being used for? >> Well, it's a black, it's a black box. >> SULLIVAN: It's a black box. >> You can see how much is going out in different parts of the supplemental payment, but it's not very clear, always, where it's going. >> SULLIVAN: We tried to take a look at how the money was flowing to hospitals in Chattanooga and across Tennessee. We analyzed annual hospital filings and obtained supplemental payment information from the state Medicaid agency, TennCare. The data covered 2015 to 2019. Following a methodology used by numerous Medicaid experts, we found that for the six hospitals designated as safety nets, the uncompensated costs for caring for Medicaid and uninsured patients increased by 31%. But the supplemental payments only increased by five percent. At the same time, we also saw that some for-profit and not- for-profit hospitals received much greater increases in supplemental payments. Medicaid officials in Washington and Tennessee would not agree to an interview. (computer chiming) But in a statement, TennCare said the disparity we found is not reliable, because it does not take into account key factors, like care provided to out-of-state patients. They said the payment formulas are approved by the federal government, and that overall, 40% of the supplemental money went to the safety nets. We just looked at Tennessee. Is there reason to believe that this could be going on elsewhere in the country? >> I think that it's going to vary. Your findings really show that in Tennessee, there's obviously something worth examining going I suspect that one would find similar differences among other states. There's a lot of financing that allows states to make different decisions about how to channel their funds and who to, who to compensate. >> SULLIVAN: Who does that hurt? >> I mean, it hurts equity. It hurts targeting the funds to the most needy places for the most needy populations. >> Everybody's chasing every dollar. Folks get really smart about these formulas and smart about the politics. And when I... You know, if a safety net hospital is seeing their support through these payments drop over time, that troubles me a lot. >> SULLIVAN: Hm. >> So when I look at large safety net hospitals in America, the expense, what it costs just to run that hospital, increases about five to six percent per year. >> SULLIVAN: I see. >> So that hospital will fall further and further behind. >> SULLIVAN: That's what was happening at Erlanger, where its supplemental payments only rose by an estimated 3.6%, despite a 53% jump in the uncompensated costs for Medicaid patients and the uninsured. Before COVID hit, what kind of financial shape was Erlanger in? >> Um, it was in tough financial shape. Erlanger was left in a situation where it was in significant financial distress. >> SULLIVAN: As the pandemic took hold, the hospital had to furlough nurses and staff. It closed down more than 80 beds, its future more uncertain In August 2020, Senator Corker was called to a meeting. >> I got a call from the mayor of the county, which is the entity that really has direct control of the hospital. And he'd received a call from someone that neither one of us had ever heard of, who wanted to come and meet with him about making an offer. >> SULLIVAN: It was a meeting with a new company out of Pennsylvania that was set up to buy distressed safety net >> Part of my role was to ask probing questions, which I did. And as soon as they walked out the door, we looked at each other and, you know, the only thing that might come out of this that could be positive would be for there to be some type of community conversation about how Erlanger figures out a way to not be in a constant crisis financially. >> SULLIVAN: They were offering nearly half a billion dollars, and had the backing of private equity investors. >> Time now for the good, the bad, and the ugly. >> SULLIVAN: It was part of a growing trend of investors turning to the healthcare industry for high-margin returns. >> ...agrees to be bought by private equity firm Blackstone Group. >> We thought it was coming. It's now come. >> That's right. >> This is a big private equity deal, right? >> It is a big private equity deal... >> SULLIVAN: Over the past decade, private equity investments in healthcare have doubled. >> Hospitals and medical staffing controlled by private equity firms. >> Private equity's business model is perfect for hospitals. Private equity wants to buy an asset that's undervalued, reduce its operating cost, borrow a lot of money-- which ends up as debt on the balance sheet-- and then sell the hospital to somebody else in five to seven years, having made a 20% compound annual rate of return on their Buy it, lien it, leverage it, sell it. >> SULLIVAN: With the Erlanger offer on the table, I headed to Rhode Island, where I'd heard there was an escalating fight over the role of private equity in two safety net hospitals there. >> The fate of Fatima Hospital and Roger Williams Medical Center rests in the hands of the Health Department and the attorney general. >> SULLIVAN: The state was deciding whether to allow a private equity firm to sell its controlling stake in the >> Both have conducted hearings regarding who has control of the >> SULLIVAN: But the sale was facing stiff opposition from the hospital unions. When I first got to Providence, I sat down with the top union leaders from one of the You guys are so far away. (laughing) Both had been big boosters of the 2014 deal that gave ownership of the hospitals to the private equity firm and its partner, Prospect Medical. So you're hearing this group, Prospect Medical, is coming in. What are you guys thinking? >> This was the white knight coming in to save us. >> Exactly, we were being saved. >> SULLIVAN: By this group. What made you think that? >> Because they came in with all the promises of what they were going to do to make us succeed. They were going to provide the financial stability that we needed to continue to move forward. >> We felt that it could be good. It could save jobs. >> SULLIVAN: How long did that sense of happiness last? >> I would say not even two months for us. >> SULLIVAN: What did you start seeing? >> We started seeing layoffs, not only management, but the workers. They started laying off, cutting hours. >> SULLIVAN: What else started concerning you? >> You were always used to being able to just walking into the supply closet, reaching for what you need, and knowing it's And we find now that doesn't happen. You call down to the supply room and say, "We need more saline." "Oh, we're out of stock." "It's on back order." >> SULLIVAN: You hadn't had that experience before. >> No, in all, in the worst of times, we always knew we had what we needed for the patients. >> SULLIVAN: During this time, did you ask somebody, anybody at Prospect, like, "What's the deal here?" >> We wanted to know what, what the story is. Why are these things happening? "Well, this is the system and this is how the system works, and this is how we're going to survive." And when we couldn't get the answers or we couldn't get the responses that we needed, then we started our own campaign. (music playing, whistle blows) >> SULLIVAN: Facing repeated staff cuts, the union went to war against Prospect over its contract and working conditions-- even created attack ads. >> Prospect Medical Holdings is a California-based for-profit that took over Fatima Hospital- Roger Williams Medical Center, healthcare facilities that provide critical care to thousands of Rhode Islanders every day. What do we know about... >> SULLIVAN: The man behind the campaign was union attorney Chris Callaci. >> We started to do some research on them, and we were able to start to find out that there was a pattern of conduct with them. The Department of Public Health in California had gone in and done some inspections in some of their hospitals and found all sorts of problems. >> In California, Prospect's hospitals were cited by federal regulators for a long list of stunning violations. >> And we looked at that and we thought, "Okay, that's a problem." >> It looks like Prospect Medical Holdings may have brought some of their West Coast safety problems with them to Rhode Island. >> And so more and more of this started turning up. >> From California to Rhode Island, Prospect can't be trusted. >> And as they continued to buy hospitals after they bought the Rhode Island hospitals, you then started seeing communities there starting to complain about the same things. >> SULLIVAN: We presented the union's allegations to Prospect and its private equity owner, Leonard Green & Partners, but neither would agree to an interview. In a statement, Prospect called the claims untrue, and said they had good relations with the hospitals' unions and staff. They said they'd invested more than $100 million in the hospitals in Rhode Island, and received awards for the quality of their care. But just a couple hours from Providence, in Waterbury, Connecticut, I heard many of the same complaints about Prospect's ownership of a hospital there. >> We come into the space every night. We don't come to tear down. We come to lift up. >> SULLIVAN: On the north end of town, at the Long Hill Bible Church, Pastor Rodney Wade told me about his concerns. >> We come to talk about those things that really matter in our world. I just started to see my members in and out of the hospital. In and out of the hospital. And I started to question that. Like, "Where is so and so at?" "Oh, they're not here. They went back to the hospital." And my position was, "Well, wasn't they just at the hospital?" >> SULLIVAN: You're wondering if they're not getting the right treatment the first time. >> Right. >> SULLIVAN: And the problem isn't getting solved. Why are they going back, right? Did they receive quality care the first time? >> Prospect Medical Holdings bought Waterbury Hospital last October. One year in, and some local religious leaders are raising concerns. >> SULLIVAN: Wade and other local clergy arranged a meeting with the hospital C.E.O. >> And so when he finally came in the room, he kind of asked us, "What is it that you want?" And we started to kind of articulate it, and out of nowhere, he kind of leans back in his chair and he says, "Why don't y'all worry about what y'all worry about and let us worry about the hospital?" I would say at that moment, it became crystal-clear to me that this was not going to be a pleasant journey. >> SULLIVAN: Mm-hmm. >> But it also started to create this sense of, if we're coming here in good faith, why doesn't he want to talk? >> And safe. >> SULLIVAN: I also sat down with two veteran healthcare workers at Waterbury Hospital. They, too, had problems with the way Prospect was running things. >> They were looking at giving us paper towels to wash patients. Not washcloths-- paper. >> SULLIVAN: Paper. >> I said, "How do you charge a patient all this type of money, and you give them a paper towel to wash themselves for the day?" This is unacceptable. >> Isn't that about the same time they told us to not change the linen? >> Right, you change the linen what, once a week? >> Every third day. >> SULLIVAN: In a hospital? >> In a hospital, yep. >> SULLIVAN: Do you feel like these changes that have happened since Prospect came have affected the care of the patients? >> Oh, yes. This is the worst I've seen it in the 30 years that I've worked for Waterbury Hospital. >> SULLIVAN: In 30 years. >> You know, I got an email the other day, they told us to stop talking in the hallways about being short-staffed, because we don't want the patients to think that their care is going to be compromised. Their care is compromised. >> Staffing is such a big piece And supplies. You're constantly waiting for supplies to come in. I mean, you're doing a... >> SULLIVAN: Still. >> SULLIVAN: Almost a year into COVID, you're still fighting over this. >> Still fighting for supplies. Just for basic stuff to do your daily... >> SULLIVAN: Just masks and gloves and gowns. >> Everything, yeah. >> SULLIVAN: In its statement to us, Prospect said most union members are satisfied with the company's safety practices, including efforts to ensure adequate PPE during the pandemic. But staffing, supplies, and quality of care were only part of the controversy. In Rhode Island, what had really gotten the attention of regulators were financial maneuvers by Prospect and its private equity partner. >> Hello, Senator, welcome. >> SULLIVAN: Maneuvers that have been under review by the Rhode Island attorney general, the Department of Health and a State Senate committee. Its chairman is Louis DiPalma. What do you think so far, now that you've been looking into these hospitals? >> I'm extremely concerned. Our Health Services Council, which is an arm established by the General Assembly, hired a consultant. Their review and analysis raises some caution flags. >> SULLIVAN: What kind of caution flags? >> They have a note coming due in 2022. Not quite certain how they're going to pay for it. They are heavily leveraged, and they went and paid almost $500 million in dividends to >> SULLIVAN: It's this dividend payment that's at the crux of the fight. In 2018, Prospect borrowed over a billion dollars and paid out $457 million of it to its investors. What did you think when you heard that the owners of Prospect had given a 400-and- some-million-dollar dividend payment to themselves and their investors? >> Well, so what I, what I thought was, this is, this is, this is, um... Boundless greed. They go to struggling communities that need these safety net hospitals to provide care, and that they're going in there, and they're taking advantage of these communities and these people to buy these assets, borrow against the assets, to then free up capital to make these grotesque dividend >> SULLIVAN: In a letter to Congress, the private equity firm Leonard Green & Partners rejected any implication it mismanaged Prospect or put its own financial interests ahead of the hospitals'. In a statement to us, the firm said that Prospect's financials are solid and the debt from the dividends has been repaid. And Prospect told us it has always acted in good faith, never losing sight of the best interests of its employees, patients, and communities. Prospect Medical would say, "Look, we kept your hospital open, but we are here to make money and we're not making a secret about it. What's so wrong with that?" >> But you're dealing with people's lives, you know. And when you're dealing with people's lives, if you endeavor to just simply make money at the expense of people, then for me, that's problematic. >> Battle over hospitals: a showdown between a hospital company and Rhode Island's >> SULLIVAN: Just last month, it was reported that the Rhode Island attorney general will require Prospect to put up at least $120 million in escrow to ensure the hospitals' viability. >> Well, that is not sitting well today with the owners of Prospect, and they are threatening to shut down Fatima. >> SULLIVAN: Prospect says if it can't get an acceptable deal, it may close both hospitals. In Chattanooga, opposition to selling Erlanger to private equity investors quickly took hold. >> I can't imagine Erlanger ever taking a private equity deal. Unless it just got to the most dire of circumstances, which would be irresponsible for our community to let happen. I can't imagine that selling to a private equity firm would ever be something this community would want to see happen with (woman speaking over intercom) >> SULLIVAN: But even those opposed to private equity say dramatic change may be needed. >> We've come to the point where we're failing in terms of being able to run the hospital sufficiently. If we can't get funding from the public sector, we're going to have to go to the private sector in some form or fashion to get the funding that we need. >> SULLIVAN: You're talking about investors. >> Uh, yeah. We're going to have to go to the private sector. >> SULLIVAN: For now, like many safety nets, Erlanger's losses have been buffered by COVID relief funding from the federal The hospital got about $75 million in federal grants. >> Because of the federal government's inputs as a result of what happened with COVID, they actually ended up with about double the amount of cash on hand that they had had in the past. But that's, you know, that'll be, that'll be good for a while, but then they'll face the same challenges that they face as a safety net hospital in our >> Unless there's a substantive change in the way safety nets are funded, things are simply going to keep going in the direction they are, which is, there will be great disparities in, in how patients are taken care of. >> SULLIVAN: You're saying it's just going to keep... >> That divide is only going to grow. >> The problem is that we have 30 million people without health insurance coverage and we need to fix it. >> That's the problem. >> SULLIVAN: So, you think if those people had health insurance, we wouldn't have to worry about the safety net hospitals? And you'd still have issues about whether Medicaid paid a sufficient amount of money to cover the cost of caring for them-- you'd still have that issue. But you wouldn't have this gaping hole in health coverage that we have today. decade, more and more states have expanded Medicaid to cover the uninsured, though 12, including Tennessee, have yet to do so. >> Medicaid expansion is a good thing. I mean, don't get me wrong, but even if everybody's on Medicaid, it pays less for any kind of service than what private insurance does. So Medicaid expansion, great thing, but it's only part of the puzzle and part of the solution. When we see hospitals struggling because they take care of, you know, lots of Medicaid patients, and get paid less because Medicaid pays less for care, that is completely a result of the structural racism baked into the fabric of how we pay for healthcare and how the Medicaid program has been underfunded over time. >> SULLIVAN: You're saying that because so many Medicaid patients, statistically, could be people of color. >> Well, they are. And that is part and parcel of how the healthcare system is structured today. >> How long are we talking about? >> He's been here 24 days. >> SULLIVAN: Here in L.A., and around the country, the pandemic is subsiding. But the financial problems facing safety nets are only growing. How urgent a crisis do you think the safety nets are in right now? >> Well, I think the entire healthcare system is in a huge crisis, and I think safety nets are the canary in the mine of that crisis. They're going to go down first. How are you guys handling this? >> We just get to see the complications of the disease. It's just almost like a spiraling. >> One could hope that we've all learned something from the last 12 months. I know that's asking for a lot, but one could hope. The question is, at a broader level, will society have learned the value and importance of safety net hospitals, and will society have learned that the system we have in place is not capable of handling stressors like COVID, and in fact, was not very functional even before COVID. >> SULLIVAN: There is this group of players who's doing quite >> They're doing what they're supposed to do. In the rules that we have set up, there are winners and there are losers. And the winners are winning big. Are we mad at them for doing what the system is saying they should do? What their board of directors is saying they should do? If you're mad, change the rules! Captioned by Media Access Group at WGBH access.wgbh.org >> For more on this and other "Frontline" programs, visit our website at pbs.org/frontline. Frontline's The Healthcare Divide is avaliable on Amazon Prime Video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BloodGlucoseAfterEating [1 likes]: Boundless greed
  2. @dreimermusic1: HCA's are ridiculous.
  3. @gr6666a: Crooks , thieves ,  criminals
  4. @dogsareprecious4842: Watching this in 2026, and wow---with all the cuts our "president" has made, things are looking more bleak. I'm so sad for the people who will suffer!
  5. @Strongereveryday14: The American Healthcare is run by the Cartel or at least with cartel like tactics
  6. @ken-i6m1g: AFRICAN Americans PROVIDE POOR OXIMETRY NUMBERS....(unless it hs been fixed)
  7. @Mohammed-e7z6f: before to the president Trump and Buidn  waht happy  not different Avery the president united state work together group can make money 💰
  8. @Zestypanda: Scamdemic
  9. @glenn1826: No such thing as Covid just lies . The hospitals killed the patients. The lies began by  criminals in the failed state called the US .
  10. @journeytnt: I have to say, I watched this last month for my nursing advocacy class and it has been on my mind a lot since.  How do we balance innovation, free market healthcare and private equity.
  11. @Daggeress: 😭😭😭
  12. @feerstyy: Medical insurance is not a right, it is a privilege unfortunately and flat out not everyone can afford it. My deductible and coinsurance has gotten astronomical because of Obamacare. How does that happen?
  13. @heatherclark496: Single payer M4A will eliminate the need for safety net hospitals as we know them. Under single payer, hospitals will be globally funded and sited according to patient and community need, not according to where the most profit can be made. Some communities may need more of one service, less of another. Hospital funding will be separate from reimbursements -- no need to pad patient bills with $24 bandaids in order to offset the cost of hospital operations. This system eliminates profit making, hence the elimination of private equity and other profiteering ghouls.
  14. @Clearskysahead: Can’t we outlaw Private Equity?
  15. @jennifermuir5750: ACA is just as bad here in Florida.   (Please Wikipedia my crooked Senator here in Florida, Rick Scott, and see how he became THE RICHEST member of our U.S. Congress by stealing our hospital money (our taxpayer money) in HCA.

HCA bought our city’s favorite hospital, North Florida Regional Hospital.  
Since then, they came very close to murdering an older art professor friend of mine by operating on him with dirty surgical instruments.  (I don’t know how he lived, honestly.  It is a miracle.) 

They repeatedly had dirty equipment, and it turned out weren’t auto-cladding (cleaning instruments within a high heat machine) properly.  (This is easily verifiable as it was in our newspapers here in Gainesville, Florida.)  Even when the problem was identified, it continued.

Anybody with any sense should know one should NEVER put a corporation in charge of hospitals.  Anyone interested in a bottom line (of money) will never put patient care and patient lives as their top priority.  The problem is ethics.  A corporation doesn’t have the ethics to look out for people when their priority is money.

People need healthcare.  I want people with ethics treating me.  I don’t want my care and my life, or anyone else’s, to rely on someone who puts money first.  I find this disgusting.

Trump is trying to topple everything, now, so it will be complained about and then, privatized.  It’s all about the greed for more money, when it should be about compassion, making people well and professional care.

It’s in the Hippocratic Oath…”Harm Nothing.”

Shareholders have no place in our healthcare system.
  16. @WritingNDesigningBooks: Four years later... and now the government has taken away over trillion dollars from medicaid and foodstamps. And guess who is going to get really rich soon?
  17. @57113: The most capitalistic country imn the world spends a bigger budget on military products and spending than providing basic health care for it's citizens.  Glad I live in Canada and provided by it's health care system. In the USA only the wealthy receive health care and to hell with the poor who require health care. 30:35
  18. @BretBlakeslee: Is it time to reconsider national health care?
  19. @miannadeemjournalist: my mother-in-law living in ohio her insurance not cover her breathing treatment she is helpless..i am sorry but my home country Pakistan have charity hospitals even cardiology  and cancer hospitals and clínic 100% free including free medicine Pakistan is poor country ..corporations making Billions of dollar profits from Americans why the are do not open total free hospitals not fake charities just for tax braks and state and central governments? states and central governments "fuding" billion of dollars to healthcare corporations just for make them more rich?
  20. @TedApelt: "In 2007, the OECD said that the United States spent $7,290 per capita on health care, ranking it first among the 30 countries studied. Five other nations spent more than $3,645 per capita, the point at which the United States no longer doubles their spending. The highest is the Netherlands at $4,417. The other four were Austria, Canada, Norway and Switzerland."
PolitiFact August 20, 2009

- The Story of Medicare: A Timeline: Kind: captions Language: en in the depression the elderly were quite dependent on their sons and daughters and their sons and daughters were out of [Music] jobs and the principal problem was Medical care costs not that people couldn't get good care but it was that they could not afford it particularly they couldn't afford the hospital cost there was much of an argument about the need the argument uh was what to do about it they thought it would help elderly people in the South but what happened was only 32 states had adopted it and what we showed very clearly was only half the agent had coverage and most of it was very very poor coverage our older people are three times as often to be hospitalized but their income is less than half that of people under 65 one of the traditional methods of imposing socialism has been by way of medicine it's very easy to disguise a medical program as a humanitarian project we wanted the world to know that we haven't forgotten who is the real daddy of [Applause] Medicare the social security district offices were kept open into the evenings for people who were still at work I will submit legislation shortly to help free the elderly from the fear of catastrophic illness he's supposed to represent the people himself once senior's annual drug costs exceed $2,250 they fall into the so-called donut hole now that the plan is in place 39 million have signed up for it drug costs are less than anticipated we are done beginning next year preventive care including annual phys physicals Wellness exams and tests like mammograms will be free for seniors as well a lot of care was given that would never have been given if it hadn't been for Medicare

- The Tragic Story of the Real Hospital That Inspired ER: Cook County Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en There is a building on the west side of Chicago that most people know without knowing it. They know it from Thursday nights, from the sound of a flat line cutting through a crowded emergency room, from George Clooney and Scrubs, from 15 seasons of one of the most watched television dramas in American history, the show ER, which set its fictional hospital inside a place modeled directly on a real institution that stood for over a century on West Harrison Street. But the real building had a story the cameras never fully told. Look at it in its prime, a Beaux-Arts facade stretching two full city blocks, limestone columns rising three stories, stone lions flanking the entrance, cupids carved into the cornices. From the outside, it had the bearing of a courthouse or a cathedral, something permanent, something that mattered. Inside, it was a different world entirely. For more than a hundred years, Cook County Hospital operated as the place Chicago sent the people it had decided not to care for, the poor and uninsured, black patients turned away from private hospitals across the city, immigrants with no money and no options. The hospital did not absorb these patients out of abundance or generosity. It absorbed them because the city designed a system that required it to and then declined to give the hospital the resources that system demanded. What followed was a century of breathtaking medical innovation, of genuine heroism, and of sustained deliberate neglect. It ended with a patient dumping scandal so stark it forced an act of Congress, >> [music] >> and then, eventually, with a luxury hotel. This is the story of the real Cook County Hospital, what it gave, what was taken from it, and what its walls will always remember. Chapter 1, Chicago's explosive birth and its first discarded. In 1832, Chicago was not yet a city. It was barely a settlement. 400 people clustered around a river mouth on the southwestern shore of Lake Michigan, surrounded by prairie in every direction. There was no grid of streets, no industry, no infrastructure of any kind. What there was was potential and the particular kind of chaos that potential tends to produce. The growth that followed was unlike almost anything in American history. By 1854, 30,000 people called Chicago home. By 1860, 100,000. By 1890, the number had crossed 1 million, making Chicago the second largest city in the United States in less than 60 years. People arrived by the thousands every month. German and Irish immigrants first, then Poles, Italians, Czechs, Lithuanians, streaming off boats and trains with little money, few connections, and bodies worn down by the crossing. And with that many people packed that quickly into a place with no modern sanitation, no clean water infrastructure, and no real public health system, disease was not a possibility. It was a certainty. Cholera arrived in 1849. The city had no meaningful way to respond. What existed were a handful of wooden shacks thrown up on the edge of the settlement to quarantine the sick, not to treat them, not to save them, but to keep them separated from those who might still survive. When those structures proved inadequate, the city improvised. Warehouses were pressed into service as hospitals. Church halls became wards. The distinction between a place of healing and a place to die was often theoretical. The epidemic returned in 1854, worse than before. The wooden quarantine structure from the first outbreak had already burned down. The city rebuilt, again improvising, again falling short. Through all of this, a foundational question was being answered, not through debate or deliberate policy, but through the accumulated weight of small deci- sions made by people who would rather not think too hard about it. Who was responsible for the sick poor? The answer, written into Northwest Territory law and confirmed by the Illinois General Assembly, was the counties, [music] not private citizens, charities, or the market. Care of paupers was a government obligation assigned by statute, which meant that from the very beginning, the medical care of Chicago's most vulnerable residents was designed to exist in a separate category from the medical care of everyone else. This was not accidental. It was architecture. In 1857, Chicago built its first permanent hospital, a three-story brick and limestone structure at 18th and Arnold streets. Rush Medical School used the building as a teaching facility, which meant that from its first day of operation, the institution served two masters simultaneously. It was a civic obligation and an educational resource. >> The poor yeah, received care. The physicians received patients. The arrangement suited everyone except, perhaps, the patients, whose dignity was rarely the primary concern in either calculation. Then the Civil War came. The building at 18th and Arnold streets was converted into an army hospital, swallowed by the machinery of a conflict that consumed everything it touched. When the war ended, the city traded the hospital back to Cook County in exchange for 160 acres of land that had been used as a reform school. In 1866, the institution reopened under the name the Old County Hospital. The trade had been made. The purpose had been set. This was now, officially and permanently, the place Cook County sent the people it was legally required to care for. >> That same year, 1866, the hospital launched something genuinely remarkable, the first formal internship program in American medical history. Young physicians chosen through competitive examination, unpaid, gained clinical experience at a volume and variety they could not have found anywhere else in the country. It was a place where ambition and desperation inhabited the same hallways, often in the same person. But ambition and desperation were not all that inhabited those hallways. Political corruption moved in almost immediately. Hospital purchasing and personnel decisions fell under the control of patronage appointees, people whose primary qualifications were their connections to the right aldermen and commissioners. The physical plant deteriorated. Rats and roaches became fixtures. The building filled beyond its capacity as Chicago's population kept rising and the tide of newcomers kept breaking against its doors. The city was growing faster than it had any idea how to govern, and the people at the bottom of that growth had exactly one place to go. Chapter 2, the golden age of grime. By the late 1870s, Cook County Hospital had settled into a rhythm that would define it for generations, a rhythm of genuine brilliance and institutional rot playing out simultaneously in the same building, sometimes in the same room. The corruption had grown comfortable. Patronage appointments filled the staff roles with men whose primary qualification was their relationship to the right politician. After almost the entire medical staff resigned in protest over the situation, >> in the years surrounding the 1876 expansion, the politicians responded not by reforming the system, but by replacing the staff with more compliant and considerably less qualified physicians. By 1886, newspaper articles were describing Cook County Hospital as a roadhouse for politicians. The building was newer. The problem was older than the building. And then, Christian Fenger arrived. He came to Chicago in 1878 by way of a journey that, >> depending on who was telling the story, bordered on the mythological. Fenger was Danish, trained in Copenhagen, seasoned in the surgical theaters of Europe, >> and shaped by his experience as a military surgeon in two wars before he had turned 35. Unable to secure the professorship in Denmark that his abilities warranted, he had gone to work in Egypt, serving the Khedive for several years, studying tropical diseases, performing thousands of procedures, and immersing himself in a medical culture as foreign to him as the climate. Those who knew Fenger in later years told a story about his time in Cairo, that he had played a role in helping stage Verdi's opera Aida at the Khedivial Opera House in 1871, and that in gratitude, the Khedive had presented him with a mummy, which he subsequently sold in Chicago to fund his appointment to the county hospital staff. Whether every detail of that story survived the journey intact is impossible to say with certainty, but it captures something essential about Christian Fenger, that he was a man who moved through the world by extraordinary means, who arrived in unlikely places and left them permanently changed. What is certain is that he paid $1,000 for his position at Cook County Hospital, a sum that tells you everything about how the institution operated in that era and nothing about what he was about to do to it. Fenger did not assimilate to the culture of the place. He dismantled it and rebuilt it according to his own standards. He trained interns with a rigor and a depth that had not existed at the hospital before him, drawing on European methods that most American physicians had never encountered. He [music] performed sur- geries that his colleagues considered impossible. He worked in multiple languages, reading medical literature from across the continent to stay current with a field that was transforming faster than most institutions could follow. His residents and interns went on to become leaders of American medicine, men who carried the standards Fenger had imposed on them into every institution they subsequently touched. He did all of this inside a building where the wards held 50 to 70 patients in a single open room with no curtains for privacy and no air conditioning during the suffocating Chicago summers. Flies moved freely through the operating rooms. Nurses kept fly swatters on hand, not as a joke, but as a practical necessity. Dignity was rationed as carefully as medicine and often more sparingly. The paradox of Cook County Hospital in this period was not subtle. You could read in the morning paper that the institution was a monument to political patronage and civic negligence, then walk through its doors and watch Christian Fenger perform a surgery that no one else in the country could replicate. Both things were true. The corruption and the excellence fed on each other in ways that neither could entirely explain. Fenger was followed as the hospital's pathologist in 1895 by Ludvig Hektoen, a scientist whose contributions to the young discipline of immunology would reverberate through medicine for decades. Not long after, a physician named James B. Herrick produced at Cook County the first clinical descriptions of sickle cell anemia and coronary thrombosis. Work that would eventually reshape how medicine understood the heart and the blood. These were not minor contributions. They were foundational discoveries made inside a building that the city's politicians treated as a dumping ground for its least desirable obligations. The early 1900s brought the first meaningful structural reform. New civil service laws required that attending physicians pass a formal examination before receiving a staff appointment. A change that almost immediately transformed the character of the volunteer staff. The best surgeons and physicians in Chicago began showing up at Cook County, not because they had to, but because they wanted to. Appointment to the staff had become, improbably, an honor, a mark of professional standing, a way of keeping one's skills sharp on the most demanding and varied clinical population in the city. For a brief and luminous period, the system worked almost as it was supposed to. It would not last. It never did. But, for a moment, standing at the threshold of the 20th century, Cook County Hospital looked something like what it had always claimed to be. Chapter 3, The House the City Built for Its Unwanted. In 1916, Chicago built Cook County Hospital a new home. From the outside, it was astonishing. A Beaux-Arts classical structure stretching two full city blocks along West Harrison Street. Eight stories of limestone and terracotta. Monumental columns rising from the street level facade. Stone figures of lions and cupids worked into the cornices. Every surface speaking the language of civic permanence and institutional pride. It cost three and a half million dollars to construct, a sum that translates to roughly 590 million dollars in today's money. It was, without question, the grandest public hospital in the Midwest and one of the most architecturally imposing medical facilities anywhere in the country. Stand back far enough and it looked like a palace. That was, in a sense, the point and also the cruelest irony the building contained. Because the people who would fill those wards were not the people for whom palaces were built. The magnificence of the facade was not a reflection of how Chicago valued the patients inside. It was a reflection of how Chicago valued the idea of itself. Of a city modern enough, prosperous enough, and responsible enough to maintain a great public hospital. The building announced civic virtue. What happened inside it was a different calculation entirely. The immigrant waves that had been breaking against Cook County's doors since the 1860s had not slowed. If anything, they had intensified. Polish and Italian and Czech and Lithuanian families arrived in Chicago by the hundreds of thousands in the decades surrounding the turn of the century. Many of them desperately poor. Many of them sick from the crossing or from the conditions of their first years in the city. They came to County because County was where you came when you had nowhere else to go. The hospital became, in the words of those who later tried to describe it, something like Chicago's Ellis Island. A place that absorbed the human cost of the city's growth and asked for nothing in return except that the patients be willing to accept care without privacy, without comfort, and without complaint. Then, beginning in the 1910s, something shifted. The Great Migration was underway. African Americans from the deep South were arriving in Chicago in enormous numbers, drawn by the promise of industrial work and the relative freedom of a northern city. By the 1920s, Chicago's black population had grown dramatically. And the city's private hospitals had made their position clear. Black patients were largely excluded from private medical facilities across Chicago. The exclusion was not always written into explicit policy. It did not need to be. It operated through admission practices, through referral patterns, through the quiet, efficient machinery of institutional racism that did not require a sign on the door to communicate its meaning. Cook County Hospital accepted everyone. Not because the politicians who controlled its budget had decided that racial equality was a priority. Cook County accepted everyone because it had always been the place designed to receive whoever the rest of the system refused. The black patients who turned to County in the [music] 1910s and 1920s did not arrive there as the beneficiaries of enlightened policy. They arrived there because every other door had been closed. This is the mechanism that the city had constructed and it is important to name it precisely. Chicago maintained a two-tiered medical system and Cook County Hospital was not the failure of that system. It was the system working exactly as designed. And yet, inside those walls, remarkable things kept happening. In the 1930s, a physician named Dr. Bernard Fantus accomplished something that had never been done anywhere in the world. He developed techniques to preserve blood outside the human body long enough to store it for future use and in doing so, he created and opened the world's first blood bank at Cook County Hospital in a building where interns still sometimes ran short of soap. The irony was almost too large to hold. A global medical first achieved at an institution the city treated as an afterthought. From the 1920s through the Second World War, Cook County Hospital was genuinely regarded as one of the world's great teaching hospitals. Physicians came from other countries to walk its wards, to see diseases in their full and varied presentations, to witness surgical techniques they had read about but never observed, to train alongside residents who had developed a toughness and a clinical fluency that only a hospital of this volume [music] and this variety could produce. The institution had a reputation that extended far beyond Chicago, far beyond Illinois, into the international medical community. That reputation coexisted, without apparent embarrassment, with conditions that defied description. Interns in this era shared a single syringe between patients, sterilizing it between uses or sometimes not. When a patient needed an X-ray, interns would write fictitious names in the appointment book to hold time slots, then substitute the real patient's name when the moment came and push them on carts through long underground tunnels that connected the hospital's buildings beneath the street. When a patient needed blood, the intern went to the family and made the case personally because the system for securing transfusions required a human donation arranged on the spot. Needles, intravenous tubing, >> and blood culture bottles ran short. At various points, even soap and towels were rationed. The greatest public hospital in the Midwest, the world's first blood bank, and not enough soap. This was Cook County Hospital at its peak. A place of genuine, world-class medicine operating inside a structure of deliberate, systemic neglect. The city had built it a magnificent house. It had simply chosen not to furnish the rooms. Chapter 4, Where the City Sent [music] Its Most Desperate. If the hospital had a soul, it lived in the emergency room. Every other department at Cook County could, in theory, manage its intake, could schedule, could defer, could make decisions about who arrived and when and under what circumstances. The emergency room could not. The emergency room took whoever came through the door at whatever hour, in whatever condition, without negotiation and without exception. It was the one place in the building where the hospital's foundational promise was tested in real time, every hour of every day. And it was tested constantly. The environment of the old Cook County emergency room was not what television later made it look like. There were no clean corridors and dramatic lighting and the kind of controlled chaos that resolves itself neatly within the hour. What there was was volume. A relentless, grinding, unglamorous volume that the staff absorbed because [music] absorbing it was the only available option. Patients waited for hours in overcrowded rooms. >> Admissions to the wards often happened only in the early hours of the morning when beds had finally turned over from the previous day. New arrivals were placed in beds set in the middle rows of open wards or inside side rooms with medical students and interns as their first point of contact. The interns carried blood samples across the hospital grounds by hand, walking them to the laboratory because there was no other system. The system was so comprehensively broken that the workarounds had calcified into institutional knowledge passed from one generation of interns to the next as carefully as any clinical technique. And then, in 1966, something happened inside this broken system that changed American medicine permanently. It happened, characteristically, in a space that had not been designed for the purpose. An unused dining room was cleared out, [music] repurposed, and transformed into the first comprehensive trauma unit ever established in the United States. The brainchild of two Cook County physicians, Dr. Robert Freeark [music] and Dr. Robert Baker. Their inspiration had come from specialty hospitals in Austria, facilities positioned at strategic intervals along motorways to treat the victims of automobile accidents [music] using techniques that had been refined in combat zones and mass casualty events. What Freeark and Baker created at County took those principles and formalized them into something new. A dedicated surgical, medical, and nursing team [music] with specialized training assembled in a designated space available around the clock to treat the most critical cases the city could produce. Before this moment, there was no such thing in American medicine. Trauma patients arrived at whichever hospital was closest and received whatever care that hospital happened to be equipped to provide. The outcome depended largely on geography and luck. After 1966, there was a model >> that would eventually define how emergency trauma care was delivered across the entire country. Through the 1970s, under the leadership of Dr. John Barrett, the trauma unit grew into a national institution. The model that Cook County had pioneered [music] spread to other hospitals, and the unit's influence shaped the creation of local and then state emergency medical services systems. In 1987, the unit formalized its legacy further with the establishment of the first dedicated clinical trauma fellowship in the United States, creating a structured pathway for training the next generation of trauma surgeons to the standards that County had spent two decades developing. In 1996, Princess Diana visited. She came to the AIDS ward and the trauma center. A visit that generated the kind of global press attention that the hospital's own century of innovation had never managed to produce. For one brief news cycle, the world looked at Cook County Hospital and saw what the people who worked there had always known was there. >> Then the cameras moved on. What they left behind and what they had always found when they arrived was the same thing. A demographic record of Chicago's underclass written in patient intake forms across more than a hundred years. In the early decades, it was the European immigrants who filled the wards and the waiting room. Then, as the Great Migration reshaped the city, the patient population shifted and Cook County became one of the primary medical destinations for black Chicagoans excluded from private care across the city. By the 1960s, the emergency room was seeing the consequences of alcoholic cirrhosis and severe hypertension at a scale that physicians elsewhere rarely encountered. Through the '70s and into the '80s, heroin and cocaine arrived, and with them a new set of crises that the staff absorbed the same way they had absorbed every previous crisis. Without adequate resources, without political support, and without the option of turning anyone away. In the late 1990s, the AIDS epidemic reached the emergency room in force. Cook County established one of the earliest clinics in the country for treating patients with HIV. By the 2000s, Hispanic patients made up nearly half the patient population. The names changed, the faces changed, the languages in the waiting room changed. What did not change was the fundamental dynamic. Cook County's emergency room was the place Chicago sent the people it had decided, in each successive era, that it did not want to be responsible for. The institution received them. It cared for them, imperfectly, heroically, and chronically, without enough of anything except the work itself. That was the bargain the city had made, and it was a bargain the city never renegotiated. Chapter 5, What the cameras saw and what they didn't. In 1974, a young physician named Michael Crichton sat down and wrote a screenplay. He had graduated from Harvard Medical School 5 years earlier in 1969, and during his clinical rotations at Boston City Hospital, he had encountered the emergency room not as a dramatic backdrop, but as a system, chaotic, overcrowded, morally exhausting, and shot through with a kind of unglamorous heroism that he had never seen reflected anywhere in popular culture. He wanted to put it on screen exactly as he it. The pace, the noise, the impossible decisions made in seconds, the way human suffering arrived without appointment and without narrative tidiness. He called the screenplay E.W. for Emergency Ward. He shopped it to producers. Nobody was interested. Crichton set it aside and turned to other things, novels, films, eventually a book about dinosaurs that would become the most commercially successful science fiction property of its generation. The screenplay sat in a drawer for 20 years. In 1993, Steven Spielberg called Crichton about a new project. Both men had been thinking about the emergency room script. Spielberg had the instinct that it belonged on television rather than film, that the setting was too rich and the stories too numerous to be compressed [music] into two hours. He attached his production company and took the project to NBC. NBC was not immediately convinced. The network had been burned before by medical dramas and was uncertain whether audiences had the appetite for something this clinical and this unromantic about the practice of medicine. They debated, hesitated, but eventually, they ordered a pilot. The script used to shoot the pilot was the same script Crichton had written in 1974. The screenplay had not required meaningful revision. What Crichton had observed and recorded at Boston City Hospital was, it turned out, essentially still true. The show was set at a fictional institution called Cook County General Hospital, a name chosen deliberately to evoke the real Cook County Hospital on West Harrison Street in Chicago. The connection was not incidental. The fictional hospital was designed to inhabit the same moral and physical universe as the real one, a public hospital in a major American city, legally obligated to treat everyone who arrived, perpetually short of the resources that obligation demanded. The production took the reference seriously. Julianna Margulies, who played Nurse Carol Hathaway in the series, spent time shadowing the actual emergency room nurses at the real Cook County Hospital before filming began. She later noted that the 1970s aesthetic of the set, the worn surfaces, the institutional colors, the sense of a building that had been functional for a very long time without ever being updated, closely resembled the actual appearance of the hospital she had walked through. What the show captured was the texture of the work, the volume of cases, the way decisions compounded on each other without pause for reflection. The hierarchy of interns and residents and attendings that structured every interaction, the patient population that reflected the demographic reality of a safety net hospital serving the people that every other institution in the city had declined to serve. In these respects, ER was more honest about the American emergency room than anything that had come before it on American television. But, there were things the camera softened. The physical condition of the real building was considerably worse than anything the set designers chose to depict. Not for dramatic effect, but because the actual deterioration of Cook County's infrastructure was the kind of detail that reads as exaggeration on screen, even when it is documentary fact. The true depth of the staffing shortages, the genuine scarcity of basic supplies, the degree to which the hospital operated through the improvised workarounds of exhausted people rather than through any functioning system. These realities were present in the show's DNA, but diluted to the level that a primetime drama audience could absorb without the fiction collapsing into something unwatchable. And the show's deepest evasion was structural. In ER, the antagonists were human, difficult administrators, flawed physicians, patients whose circumstances created impossible situations. The drama lived in individual moral choices. What the show could not dramatize, because it does not make for compelling television, was the real villain of Cook County Hospital's story, not a person, but a policy, not a character, but a system. The city of Chicago, decade after decade, making the deliberate choice to maintain two tiers of medical care and [music] to let Cook County absorb the consequences of that choice without the funding or the political will to address it. ER ran for 15 seasons. At its peak, it drew nearly 50 million viewers in a single episode, more people than watched most presidential addresses. It won more Emmy nominations than any drama in television history. It made Cook County General Hospital one of the most recognized fictional institutions in the world. And while it aired, the real Cook County Hospital continued to receive, on a daily basis, >> exactly the patients the show depicted. The show was beloved, the hospital was taken for granted. In the end, that contrast may be the most accurate thing ER ever captured about the place it was based on, not in what it showed, but in what it revealed by omission. Chapter 6, the scandals, the strikes, and the slow unraveling. The war ended and Cook County Hospital began to come apart. Not all at once, not dramatically. The unraveling of the institution in the decades following the Second World War happened the way most institutional failures happen, gradually, through accumulation, >> through a series of small decisions made by people who had calculated that the consequences would land somewhere other than on themselves. The voluntary attending physicians who had given the hospital its clinical reputation began to leave. Chicago's medical schools were building their own teaching hospitals, modern facilities with updated equipment and manageable patient loads, where the conditions of practice were closer to what a physician might reasonably expect. Private hospitals were expanding. The ecosystem that had made Cook County uniquely valuable as a training ground was being replicated in more comfortable form elsewhere in the What remained at County was the obligation, the legal requirement to receive everyone, the patient population that no other institution wanted, the building that had been magnificent in 1916 and had been aging without adequate maintenance ever since. >> And a nursing shortage so severe and intern pay so poor that the basic mechanics of running a functioning hospital were becoming difficult to sustain. This was the inheritance that a new generation of physicians walked into in the 1960s. The pattern of exposure and minimal reform that had characterized Cook County's relationship with the public for decades [music] had deep roots. As far back as 1905, Upton Sinclair's The Jungle had touched the edges of Cook County's world in its portrait of Chicago's institutional failures, the gap [music] between the city's self-image and the reality experienced by its poorest residents. The book had caused outrage. >> The outrage had produced some reform. The reform had faded. The gap had remained. >> This cycle would repeat itself at Cook County with such regularity that it began to look less like a series of crises >> and more like a feature of the institution's design. In 1971, >> four physicians were dismissed from the hospital staff. The reasons were disputed. What was not disputed was the response. A massive exodus of staff followed as physicians and residents who had watched the situation deteriorate decided that the institution's leadership could no longer be trusted. The hospital's very survival came into serious question. The people who depended on it were not consulted about whether the crisis was convenient for them. The state legislature had attempted to address the underlying political problem two years earlier in 1969 by assigning governance of the hospital to a citizens commission, a structural reform designed to reduce the influence of the Cook County political machine over an institution whose patients were paying the price of that influence in delayed care [music] and deteriorating conditions. The reform lasted as long as it took the Cook County Board of Commissioners to reassert itself. The board retained control of the budget, which meant it retained control of everything that mattered, and in 1979, it reclaimed complete administrative authority over the hospital, returning the institution to the same political orbit it had occupied since its founding. In 1975, the interns and residents went on strike. The hospital closed, not partially, not in some departments. The institution shut its doors because the people doing the most essential work inside it >> had reached the limit of what they were willing to absorb without response. The strike ended. The hospital reopened. The conditions that had produced the strike were addressed incompletely and temporarily as they always had been. Through all of this, the stories accumulated. Stories circulated through the wards at Cook County and were passed down through generations of staff with the solemn reliability of oral tradition. The hospital superintendent was said to walk his dogs through the surgical suites. Parties were allegedly held with surgical nurses in a penthouse atop the main building. Interns caught smoking were reportedly forbidden from using the hospital elevators for weeks at a stretch. Whether every detail of every story survived its retelling intact is impossible to verify. But the stories persisted because they captured something, the texture of an institution that had been asked to do too much for too long with too little and had developed its own internal culture as a way of making that sustainable. Meanwhile, the building itself was losing the argument with time. The magnificent Beaux-Arts structure that had announced Chicago's civic ambition in 1916 was, by the 1970s and '80s, in serious physical distress. Ceilings collapsed. Lead paint curled from the walls. The infrastructure that supported the daily operation of a 3,000-bed hospital aged without the maintenance budget required to slow its deterioration. Preservation organizations had begun to take notice of the building's architectural significance, adding the complexity of landmark status to an institution already struggling to justify its continued existence to the politicians who controlled its funding. The building was on the National Register of Historic Places. It was also falling apart. Both of those things were true. At Cook County Hospital, both things were always true. Chapter 7, the patient dumping scandal. For most of Cook County Hospital's history, the arrangement was understood without being stated. Private hospitals in Chicago turned away patients who could not pay. They declined to admit black patients or admitted them under conditions designed to discourage return. They transferred the inconvenient, the uninsured, the expensive, and the dying to the one institution in the city that could not say no. Cook County received them. The city allocated a budget that acknowledged none of this. The politicians said nothing. The private hospitals said nothing. The patients who rarely survived the experience with the energy required to make formal complaint said nothing that anyone recorded. Dr. David Ansell and Dr. Robert Schiff were not the first people to notice what was happening at the doors of Cook County's emergency room. They were, however, among the first to document it with the systematic rigor that transforms a widely understood practice into an undeniable public fact. Their research gave the arrangement its name, patient dumping. They defined it precisely, the denial of or limitation in the provision of medical services to a patient for economic reasons and the referral of that patient elsewhere. The word dumping was not chosen for its neutrality. The numbers that Ansell and Schiff put into the medical literature were not surprising, but they were impossible to dismiss. 87% of patients transferred to Cook County from private hospitals across the city had been transferred for a single stated reason, no insurance. Only 6% of those patients had given written informed consent for their transfer, meaning that the overwhelming majority had been moved without meaningful agreement, in some cases without their knowledge, in some cases while they were too sick to be asked. 24% were transferred in medically unstable condition. And patients who were dumped, who were loaded into ambulances and sent across town rather than being treated where they had first arrived, were twice as likely to die as patients who received care at the hospital where they initially sought it. The racial dimension of the data was equally explicit. 89% of the patients being dumped on Cook County were minorities. 87% [music] were unemployed. The system that everyone had always understood to be operating was not, it turned out, a neutral economic mechanism. Private hospitals were placing patients into vehicles and sending them to Cook County. Patient dumping transfers in Chicago alone had risen from approximately 1,295 per year in 1980 to 5,652 per year by 1984. The number had more than quadrupled in four years. The professional and popular press took up the story. The combination of documented evidence, human testimony, and the obvious inadequacy of existing law produced, for once, a legislative response that moved with relative speed. In April of 1986, President Ronald Reagan signed into law the Emergency Medical Treatment and Active Labor Act, known by its initials as EMTALA and referred to in the years that followed as the patient anti-dumping law. It was four pages of federal statute. It required every hospital with an emergency department that received Medicare funding, which was to say, essentially every hospital in the United States, [music] to screen any patient who presented for emergency care and to stabilize any patient found to have an emergency medical condition, regardless of their insurance status or their ability to pay. Transfer was permitted only under specific conditions, with patient consent, >> and only to a facility equipped to provide the necessary care. The law was the most direct legislative consequence in American history of what had been documented and endured at Cook County Hospital. It had taken a century of the arrangement and two physicians willing to count the bodies to produce it. The coda was painful. Ansell and Schiff themselves, in the immediate aftermath of EMTALA's passage, noted publicly that the law's vague definitions of emergency care and patient stabilization would hamper its monitoring and enforcement. They were right. Violations continued. Hospitals found the edges of the statute and operated along them. The practice of patient dumping did not end with the law. It adapted to it, became more sophisticated, learned the language of compliance while preserving the economics of exclusion. The system had been named. It had not been dismantled. Cook County Hospital went on receiving, as it always had, the patients that the named and partially regulated system continued to produce. Chapter 8 The closing and the conversion. In December of 2002, Cook County Hospital closed its doors. Not in crisis, not in scandal, not because a strike had forced the issue or a politician had finally lost patience. It closed because a new building had been finished. A modern facility constructed on adjacent land. The new hospital was named for John H. Stroger, Jr., the then president of the Cook County Board, in a gesture that managed to be simultaneously appropriate and tone-deaf. Honoring a politician with the name of an institution that had survived in large part by enduring the consequences of political decisions. Before the transition was complete, the city said goodbye. It was not a quiet farewell. A massive open-air gathering assembled outside the old building. Former patients who had been born within its walls, nurses who had spent careers on its wards, >> physicians who had trained there and never entirely left. Residents who had absorbed its rhythms so deeply that the hospital had become part of how they understood themselves. Generations of Chicago compressed into an afternoon on West Harrison Street. Standing in front of a building that had received them or their parents or their grandparents at the moments when they had nowhere else to go. Some wept. Some simply stood [music] and looked. The building that had never been sentimental about anything received this final attention with the same impassive limestone face it had always presented to the street. Then, the doors closed and the building waited for nearly two decades. The terracotta facade that had been meticulously crafted in 1916 began to crumble. Chunks fell. The interior, no longer climate-controlled or maintained, deteriorated. Ceilings collapsed. Lead paint peeled from the walls in long curling strips. The elaborate terrazzo flooring cracked. The intricate interior moldings accumulated damage that [music] would have been inexpensive to prevent and became extraordinarily expensive to repair. Preservationists and historians argued for the building's salvation. The architectural and historical significance of the structure was not in dispute. It had been placed on the National Register of Historic Places in 2006, a designation that protected it from demolition, but did not, by itself, provide a path forward and the political approvals to redevelop the old Cook County Hospital building as a mixed-use property anchored by a hotel. The project, valued at between 140 and 150 million dollars, would be led by Murphy Development Group and the Walsh Group, with architecture by Skidmore, Owings and Merrill, one of the most prestigious firms in the country. The exterior would be restored. The more than 4,000 pieces of damaged terracotta repaired or replicated by one of the only two manufacturers of such material still operating in the United States. The interior would be gutted and rebuilt for an entirely new purpose. In July [music] of 2020, the Hyatt Place and Hyatt House Chicago Medical and University District officially opened inside the former Cook County Hospital at 1835 West Harrison Street. 210 rooms, a fitness center, >> 4,000 square feet of event space, a food hall on the ground floor named Dr. Murphy's Food Hall in honor of the celebrated 19th-century surgeon, John Benjamin Murphy, who had trained and practiced within those walls. A small museum tucked into the development dedicated to the hospital's legacy. The hallways where interns had pushed patients on carts through the pre-dawn hours now led to hotel rooms. The wards where 50 patients had lain in open rows, [music] separated by no curtain and no privacy, had been divided into individual suites with real kitchens and climate control. The surgical theaters had been converted into hotel accommodations. Their observation galleries still visible. Their history now available as an amenity. And across the street, in the modern facility that had replaced it, Stroger Hospital continued to operate. Smaller than its predecessor, more efficiently designed, equipped with contemporary medical technology, and underfunded in the same ways for the same reasons. Serving the same populations that Cook County had always served. The people that the rest of Chicago's medical system continued, in its various updated and partially regulated ways, to decline to absorb. The museum in the hotel lobby honored the legacy. The plaques acknowledged the history. The food hall was named for a surgeon. History in Chicago is most comfortable when it has been converted into something useful for people who can afford to use it. Chapter 9 The city's oldest bargain. Here is what Cook County Hospital was not. It was not a failure. It was not a cautionary tale about the limits of public medicine or evidence that safety-net institutions are structurally incapable of excellence. The people who worked there were not failing. [music] They were succeeding repeatedly and remarkably against conditions that were not accidental. The conditions were the point. Cook County Hospital was the mechanism that allowed every other institution in Chicago to function without having to reckon with the full cost of what it was refusing to do. Private hospitals could maintain their admission standards, their financial models, their racial exclusions, their careful management of which patients were worth treating, because Cook County existed to absorb the consequences. The hospital was not a safety net in the sense of a last resort that everyone hoped would rarely be needed. It was a load-bearing wall. What emerged from that arrangement, despite everything, was a medical legacy that reshapes how Americans receive care to this day. The building that produced all of this is a hotel now. Its facade has been restored with extraordinary care. Guests walk hallways that once held the dying. They sleep in rooms that were once wards. The surgical theaters, preserved intact, are available as distinctive accommodations for travelers who find that kind of history atmospheric. The bargain has not changed. Only the building has.

  Top Comments:
  1. @alxjetson8157 [9 likes]: I had no medical insurance and they took me in and removed my appendix I was treated well and im forever grateful.
  2. @blacksantaria3642 [2 likes]: I WAS BORN IN THIS HOSPITAL. I'M 80 NOW AND THE RACIST WHITE DOCTOR TOLD MY MOM TO LEAVE ME THERE CAUSE I WOULD NOT LIVE . RACISM IS A EVIL SICK THING.
  3. @matthewmorris5040 [1 likes]: I was born in Ingalls hospital  but never knew cook county hospital was tge first to offer internship
  4. @TherealAphrodity: Thank you
  5. @TherealAphrodity: This hospital saved my life.
  6. @tiannatristian: I was born in the old hospital in 1983.
  7. @brendagreen5853: I'm From The Westside Of Chicago, I Was Born At Cook County Hospital, Im 68yrs Old,I Was Born In 1957
  8. @WillaminaCooper: Has been my favorite building in the city since the first time I laid eyes on it as a kid.
  9. @HeartbreakingHistory: This is very much what Canadian hospitals are like. ER waits for 6-10 hours or more, no available hospital rooms, patients in hallways, etc.
  10. @naamakivi: I am a Cook County baby! When I was pregnant with my son, I did like my mother and got my prenatal care there. I had my son in Hinsdale though. Cook County will save your life! I wish it was still open. Great team of medical staff.
  11. @fk101st: Anyone go to the “Greeks” across the street from Cook County Hospital for lunch or drinks after work. It’s not there anymore.
  12. @PatriciaWilson-s1c: The best hospital in the world in its day!
  13. @solmunoz480: My brother was killed by some doctors in 1994. We both got burned with boiling water. I came out that same day but he never made it out because they decided to take one of his organs without permission.
  14. @elizabetmiranda7522: Yo fui paciente en el 1990 embarazada de mi primer hijo 9 días, no aire acondicionado en Julio caliente pero mi hijo esta bien gracias a Díos tenía un infección en mi riñón, pero hay algo que nunca voy a olvidar mi amiga que trabaja en otro hospital me comento si tu vida esta entre la vida y la muerte ese es el único hospital que te salvan la vida si te llevan a otro hospital es el final 100% seguro.
  15. @jemportal4166: I was born, and received both primary and psychiatric here as a child🎉🎉.  My grandmother also worked here as a nurse for well over 40 years. I have mostly positive memories of county, but I will say, the negative memories are VERY negative. All in all, this hospital was a major part of my formative years, and its part of my story. I do find myself missing at times. Thanks for posting this video though! I don't think county always gets the praise it deserves.
  16. @mariellamontoya5023: I remember going with family relatives and waiting for hours to get evaluated.  I remember they had food trucks (Loncheras) out in the entrance.... People use to fall asleep waiting.....
  17. @ZulmaGrisales-p8n: Proud to say I was born at this hospital and later in my years also walked all those tunnels when I worked as a truck driver making deliveries to the hospital!
  18. @sheritafloyd7415: Wow I never knew this and ER is my favorite show!
  19. @maryjohnson753: Dr. Robert Cohen, Dr. Ada Arias, Dr. Jay Shannon & RN Luz Serai worked in the pulmonary department during the 1990s & early 2000s. They cared very deeply for all their patients. They went above & beyond to assist their patients.
  20. @maryjohnson753: Regarding patient dumping....Yep it happened all time.  The private/for profit  hospital right near Cook County Hospital (on the same street) regularly did that dumping of the poor un-insured patients over to County (and also by tell the patient they were ok- when they were not).

- How social determinants impact healthcare | Veronica Scott-Fulton | TEDxFondduLac: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Mia Tran Reviewer: Sebastian Betti So, what if you had the opportunity to pick your parents? I know it sounds insane, but just think about it. What are the characteristics, what are the determinants? What would you outline, that would create this beautiful family for you? Things like income, ethnicity, you know, what part of the country, education, maybe they should be college educated. Because those things make a big difference. You know, one of the myths of health care is that it is about what’s happening at the hospital. But it’s not about the hospital and the doctors, offices and the clinics. It is about those things that really directly affect your quality of life. Like those things you just thought about in you choosing your parents. So what would you choose? Would you say, “I want to live in a certain part of the country”? Would you say “I want to be white in America”? Would you say, “I only want to be Christian”? Some people would say that. Those things are called social determinants of health. They tell us about our quality of life, daily. They tell us about our life expectancy. So I wonder how many people who is hearing this would raise their hand to say “I’ll be black”. So what's wrong with being black? I mean, I'm black. I grew up in Williamsburg County, in South Carolina. It’s the poorest county in South Carolina and South Carolina is already at the bottom. My parents, I did have both of my parents in the household, which was fabulous. My dad, I guess, went to about third grade because he was a farmer and my mother did finish high school, which was, phenomenal, for kids in Williamsburg County. One of the things they taught me was that it’s very, very important to focus on education. But even beyond that, it’s not just education, it's the whole support system within a community. You need a village to raise a child. You need love and support to raise a child. And it’s hard to do that when there are certain kids that are disadvantaged. That are forgotten. That are ignored. That are set aside because of one aspect. They didn’t even pick it. I mean, who decides? You just come in, you’re here. We're one big family. When you take away all of all of this. We're all connected. We’re all one big community. So how does all of this affect health? If you’re living in some of these red line areas, and, redlining is something we set up, we decided that everybody could not live together, certain people needed to live here and other people needed to live over here. And then those people who lived over here, the schools weren't as good. Maybe there was healthcare. There were chemical plants. The water systems. Parks and recreation. So how do we decide to equalize all of these things? Because these things do determine your quality of life and your life expectancy. 1964 civil rights. I was born in ’69, so not so far away. I’m 51 years old. We’re still trying to figure out this whole thing with civil rights, and how do we know? Look at 2020. And let’s look at it from the lens of health care, COVID. COVID came in with a bang. I mean, I wasn’t even scared. I had already gone through AIDS, bird flu, swine flu. COVID was totally different. COVID was unprecedented. It changed our whole country. And not only that, it changed the world. Here in the United States of America, we have about 400 million people and 20 to 40 million are black, which is 12 percent of the population. A third of those black Americans, black and brown folks, ended up with COVID, being hospitalized with COVID, or died. It was a disproportionate focus. The black community was hit severely by COVID. And why? A couple of things. Number one. When you think about the in-the-context of social determinants of health, pre-existing conditions. Number one, if you have hypertension, diabetes, obesity, those are things you really have to manage very, very closely. Because they will lead to very, very negative outcomes. But however, if you’re living in households where there are multi-generations, there’s overcrowding, you’re living in what we call ghettos. You’re living in these areas of town that are disfavored, the areas of town that no one wants to even be part of. You end up with a very, very specific quality of life. So when you’re not getting the healthcare access, and preventive care that you need, it exacerbates, and your quality of life decreases. Blacks in America have the lowest quality of life in any other race. Number two, your job, where do you work? I mean, that determines a lot. I mean, some people have all this generational wealth. Most black people do not. So we need a good job. But most of us are working in very low level positions. Entry level positions. In restaurants, front-facing, what they call ‘essential workers’ in grocery stores, maybe even doing manual labor. Some of those jobs are not full time. There are no benefits. So you don’t get paid time off. What is that? There's no retirement plan. There's no sick time. And there may not be even any health insurance that’s connected to that particular job. So what are you left with? How are you going to be moving forward? So it’s very, very important for all of us to really think about, why people are in certain jobs for their entire careers or their entire lives. Because that determines your healthcare status. You need resources to be well here in America. It’s not just going to happen. And even if you have Medicaid, you still have access issues. You’re in these red line areas that are probably far away from the main drag. So you need resources. That are really, really close clinics that are right within arm’s length. Because as these diseases exacerbate, it’s really hard to correct and bring things back to normalcy. It's almost impossible, so we end up seeing these marginalized populations, they come into the ED close to death. They end up in the ICU’s. And even if they make it out of the hospital, they still have to go through rehabilitation. And maybe live a life that’s not very full. So what I say to all of you, is that we need to figure out how do we change the narrative. How do we make things better. Even if it’s not for me, for my children and for your children, and for the future of our country. Because just automatically making assumptions about individuals is not right. Because at the end of the day, it affects their health care. Because those same people that are working in the hospital, those same people, they are doctors and nurses and techs, and they still have that unconscious bias about who they feel black people are. So, I want all of us to become activists, by just getting approximate, just really getting to know people. And it can just be one person that you see, or a person at a school that you decide “I’m going to adopt. I’m going to transform. I’m going to look at this and empower myself to look at this differently.” Because you can’t do it from afar. You really do have to get close to understand the nuances of what’s going on. But the problem is we all live so far away from each other. Up the track, you know, back the track. People live on the side. Sometimes you know, their income issues that come up about living in certain places. But we’re going to have to figure out how we make a difference. You know, I was one of those poor little kids. And, through education, I ended up doing really, really well. And I'm always mentoring. I'm always in schools, always teaching in colleges to make sure that they know. And they being all of us. That it takes a village. And the reason why I am just so enamored by this, so dedicated to it? Because I’m part of the broken. I know what it feels like not to have anything. I know what it feels like. So I don’t want it for other people. So I’m going to dedicate my time, and I’m going to celebrate others. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dhodgson7683 [9 likes]: Veronica, that was a great speech! Mrs. Scott-Fulton used to be my manager at a hospital in Georgia. She really cares about people and she was a great manager. She tried to make a difference at the hospital! Job well done Veronica! I was overwhelmed with joy when I saw her on Tedx!!!!! God bless you and your family!!
  2. @DanetteGlass [8 likes]: This is such a brilliant and impactful presentation on SDoH. It speaks directly to the root causes and illustrates how we can create systemic change...through personal commitment, advocacy and determination.  We have shared this presentation in Health Equity trainings in GA, NC, SC, CO and DC for 2 years.  The response is always ...YES, I CAN eliminate barriers and disparities.  In her calm and soft-spoken manner, Veronica Scott-Fulton inspires, motivates and empowers ALL of us to create change to improve mankind.  Thank you for this tremendous contribution to public health.
  3. @monicas4344 [4 likes]: What an impactful presentation! That beginning just made me sit up and draw me in. Thank you
  4. @DiannaHarrell [3 likes]: I am working on a research paper, and this introduction was a great way to put this topic into perspective.
  5. @mattburton3233 [2 likes]: genetics is difficult to overcome. so if you have a propensity for some disease it is your responsibility to have better life style choices in your life. what I see is rampant obesity because of the poor food choices they make. there is nothing structural racists about the food you put in your mouth. take responsibility for yourself.
  6. @joshusmaximus69 [2 likes]: The obsession with race in this country is not healthy for us as a society. The greatest and most likely the only real social determinate is income, a condition that all races and cultures experience from poor to rich. Assuming that because some one is white, that they are less disadvantaged than another race is dangerous and potentially destructive for us as a society, and can have even more significant and dangerous impacts on quality of care and continuity of care. I am not arguing against the plight of certain racial groups, but I cannot see us progressing as a society and becoming a more unified nation as long as we willingly segregate ourselves based on our races.
  7. @rscalise2011 [2 likes]: I am so speechless, and yet so proud of you been the voice for the inequality population.  I am Emergency Nurse in DC and cannot tell you how bad its in this area, but I try to place a seed whenever i can to extend my knowledge, and open education to navigations resources. thank you
  8. @NurNatasyaSherimim [1 likes]: well said, an eye opening talk. thank you.
  9. @yasminaalaa3242: Out of the world
  10. @emiliescott: Veronica, thank you for sharing some of your story and highlighting these very real issues.  Watching this as I prepare to interview for medical school.
  11. @michaelreyes744: I truly appreciate hearing and listening to these words right now. I’m present. 🫡🙏🏽💪🏽👷🏽‍♂️ Canadian Latino Nicaraguan Democracy Advocate Representing. I AM PART OF THE BROKEN. INDONT WANT IT FOR OTHER PEOPLE !!!!
  12. @andrewmarshall1548: Furthermore,  we often talk about social determinants of health, but if we wish to change the narrative, we need to focus on educating our people by lowering the cost of school, creating programs that will increase health literacy, and promoting preventative care. Fun fact, the United States spends more healthcare money than any first-world country, yet we have the poorest health outcomes. Why is that? Because we do not focus on preventative care. "An ounce of prevention is worth a pound of cure." There are several ways in which even poorer people can restore their health.
  13. @andrewmarshall1548: Hate to be that person, but COVID-19, SARS-CoV-2, wasn't really unprecedented. Similar things happened with the Spanish flu, polio, etc. In fact, the Spanish flu had a higher rate of death from infection than Covid-19 did. Indeed, COVID was the most recent respiratory pandemic, but to say it's unprecedented is a bit of a stretch
  14. @rolojackson2490: I have a fear living around certain communities for these very reasons- quality of life. Seeing violence is impactful on my life and  it gives me anxiety.
  15. @rolojackson2490: A conversation about family medical history during dating can provide insight. Imagine saying, “Baby, we’re going to have healthy kids together.” But if the risks are high, you might have to make a tough decision. And if they respond with, “Wait, are you leaving me?”—well, you better be ready for that conversation. OMG.
  16. @rolojackson2490: my parents were not compatible. They should have never met.
  17. @tipnty2011: Thanks!
  18. @Lonewolf-0529: thank you for this awesome speech
  19. @Familylife298: It's really informative
  20. @ebhs2202: I did pick my parents

- Here's Why the Affordable Care Act Is So Controversial | History: Kind: captions Language: en - In March of 2010, President Barack Obama enacted the Affordable Care Act, also known as Obamacare, in an effort to make health insurance more affordable and more accessible to all Americans. By the time Obama came into office, using legislation to improve access to health care wasn't a new idea. The earliest form of private health insurance emerged in the late 1800s as industrial sickness funds, giving payments to dues paying members were forced out of work due to illness or injury. By the beginning of the 20th century, many European nations had enacted health care programs. Progressives in the United States sought a similar program with their candidate, Theodore Roosevelt, in 1912, but he lost the presidential election that year. In the 1930s, FDR passed the Social Security Act, which gave government payments to people who had to stop working In 1944, Congress passed the veteran's readjustment act, which expanded public health care to many millions of ex-service members after World War II. In the 1960s, Lyndon B Johnson signed Medicare and Medicaid into law, and the government began providing subsidized health care to elderly and low income Americans, respectively. Other presidents, including Harry Truman in the 1940s, Richard Nixon in the early 70s, and Bill Clinton in the 1990s tried to pass health care reform, but private insurers fear that government subsidized insurance would impinge on their business. When Barack Obama became president in 2009, '45 million Americans were uninsured. A growing number of American employers had cut health insurance from their benefits. The growing costs of medical care became a lead cause for personal bankruptcies, foreclosures, and family crises. So the new president made health care reform his chief mission. In February 2009, just one month after his inauguration, Obama delivered a speech to Congress announcing his administration's push for reform. Even though Obama and his fellow Democrats controlled Congress and the White House, the reform efforts were delayed, as members of Congress debated how much of a role the government should have in health care. After many compromises, the ACA finally made it through Congress, and Obama signed the law in 2010. The immediate goals of the ACA were to make health insurance available to more people, while also making health care cheaper and expanding the Medicaid program, though only some states opted into that expansion. To put the ACA to work, the federal government created a health care marketplace, which is a service that allows Americans to shop for and enroll in an affordable health insurance. The ACA also created government standards for minimum services that must be covered by private insurance plans and stopped private insurance from denying or charging people more based on preexisting health conditions. In 2014, an individual mandate went into effect which required Americans to pay a penalty if they decided not to buy a health insurance plan. Through these provisions, the ACA managed to achieve many of Obama's goals. By 2016, nearly 20 million previously uninsured people had acquired health care. Despite that accomplishment, some have criticized Obamacare for the individual mandate penalty, and the government regulation of what they see as a private industry. By 2014, Republicans in the House of Representatives had already voted more than 50 times to repeal the measure, only to be blocked by the Senate each time. Obama's successor, President Donald Trump, campaigned on repealing Obamacare, and signed an executive order to allow the sale of cheaper health insurance policies with fewer benefits. He also signed a tax bill that repealed the individual mandate clause. While the debate continues over the best methods of increasing American access to health care, the ACA remains a pivotal piece of legislation in our history.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ormmeford2204 [1 likes]: Obamacare is the biggest rip-off of the tax payer that ever was forced on us taxpayers.  In 2025, I paid $18,522.32 for healthcare, so far (last paycheck.  Add to the the $1,000 deductible, and $30 copay for each appointmewnt. and I've no touvhed the $20,000 range, just for this year allone. No wonder the health insurance companies are worth up to 10 times what they were worth at the beginning of obamacare.  If I didn't have a good paying job, there's no way I coulld afford this mess, and it keeps me broke.
  2. @winstonsmith4806 [1 likes]: If it’s so great why does the Government need to subsidize it
  3. @TheJoeyboots: I wonder how much of a kickback Barry Bama is getting. I bet a lot. He really hates America!
  4. @SMD24: I believe that the Obamacare company became a beneficial resource in life within the hatched people of healthcare, but when a president does that well in a situation a person I think from my view cannot be president because if a president is in charge and doing this or that, obviously not gonna be on the same page and probably why there's criticism just like United Healthcare in a nutshell
  5. @RudyEsposito-w9q: You deserve all this you are racist and ignorant and u agree with all this so dumb and stupid
  6. @seancox3049: Obamacare a disaster like Obama
  7. @latoyatramill6633: I was already gone and controlled only.
  8. @nunyastinkinbusiness: Here is the problem,everyone: STOP CALLING IT OBAMACARE! It was ONLY Obamacare when OBAMA was the President! From 2020 ON, it was just the ACA! Is that so hard to understand? People(Trumplicans mostly) might not have such a  big problem with it if it was JUST the ACA.Think, America, THINK!
  9. @Abc-123defin: We are almost in 2026. Obamacare is pivotal alright. It is driving us into bankruptcy and making insurance companies bloated fat cats living high off the government gravy train.
  10. @chrisfetner332: The whole democratic idea is to keep Obama care alive with subsidies until national healthcare can be forced on middle class America. The devil in all this is greedy Hospitals and Insurance companies which need to be forced to publish prices. Americans will drive the cost down if given a chance to shop competitively. Obama care is on life support. High cost and little coverage. The government cannot afford national healthcare care without rationing. Service will be like the post office. Innovation gone. Mediocracy like England.  No new research and development. The consumer (patient) needs to be back in the drivers seat. Not government.
  11. @Fried52: IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR REPUBLICANS TO REPLACE OR FIX THE ACA, DON"T HOLD YOUR BREATH. THE ACA OBAMACARE WAS THE REPUBLICAN PLAN FOR HEALTH CARE AND HAD BEEN FOR DECADES. THAT"S ALL THEY GOT. It was modeled after the Republican plans and but for a few changes it was the Republican Plan. The only thing killing Obamacare are 2 things. 
One: The Republican plans were designed to be administered by Private Insurance Companies, and even with the profit caps Obama put on them the cost was still 10+ times what it would cost to have medicare administer the plan. When Obama put the profit caps on Republicans called it a goverment takeover and Obama a Socialist. What he was doing was trying to make them a private utility. 
Two: The most important thing was the removal of the Individual Mandate, which again was a Republican idea straight out the conservative think tank called the Heritage Foundation. Without it, which Republicans repealed buried in the 2017 tax giveaway, the ACA is doomed. The insured pool will continue to shrink as prices keep going up. Those who think they are healthy for the moment will opt out and leave the pool while those who are more responsible and know they will eventually need coverage stay in with a ever shrinking pool. Without the Individual mandate prices will inevitability continue to go up and never level out like they did after the first couple of years when the pool was more balanced and there weren't as many freeloaders in the system. OK so you think I'm crazy or you just don't believe me. I expected that, so I asked AI to Fact Check it. Here's the question I asked and the answer I got back:

"Question: Fact Check Obamacare was modeled after the Republican HEART plan and the Romney Care plan in MA.

Answer: That is correct: the Affordable Care Act ("Obamacare"), particularly its core mechanisms, was heavily modeled after the 2006 Massachusetts healthcare reform plan ("Romneycare") and a 1993 Republican proposal called the HEART plan. 

Connection to "Romneycare"
The link to the Massachusetts plan, signed into law by then-Governor Mitt Romney, is widely documented: 
    Shared features: Both the ACA and "Romneycare" utilize similar mechanisms, including an individual mandate (a requirement that individuals obtain insurance or pay a penalty), the creation of insurance exchanges where individuals can shop for plans, subsidies for low-income individuals, and reforms to the private insurance market such as banning denial of coverage for pre-existing conditions.
    Explicit model: Policy experts and even Mitt Romney himself, at times, have acknowledged that the Massachusetts law served as the blueprint for the national ACA.
    Bipartisan origin: The Massachusetts plan was a bipartisan effort at the state level, a key point often raised to highlight the cross-party origins of the ACA's central ideas. 

Connection to the "HEART Plan"
The ideas behind "Romneycare" and the ACA originated even earlier in Republican policy circles:
    The 1993 bill: The "Health Equity and Access Reform Today Act" (HEART Act), introduced by Republican Senator John Chafee in 1993, included an individual mandate and other features that would later appear in the ACA, such as insurance market reforms and purchasing pools.
    Conservative roots: The concept of an individual mandate was originally developed by conservative economists at the Heritage Foundation in the late 1980s and early 1990s as a market-based alternative to a single-payer system or an employer mandate (which was the focus of the Clinton healthcare plan at the time).
    Initial GOP support: The HEART plan had numerous high-profile Republican co-sponsors, including then-Minority Leader Bob Dole and Senators Orrin Hatch and Charles Grassley, demonstrating that these ideas were once mainstream Republican health policy proposals. 

In summary, the key components of the ACA were indeed based on ideas that had significant Republican backing and had been successfully implemented in Massachusetts under a Republican governor."

So again, Republicans will NEVER be able to replace what was THEIR PLAN. It was their plan. JUST THE FACTS. 

If you remember the arguments back then Dems were also disappointed. We wanted Universal Health Care cradle to grave. 
Your born you start paying a small premium until the day you die, but you will always have basic Health Care. If you want more or better coverage you can go into the private market and buy a supplement. Just like we have with Medicare today. This could also just be Medicare for All. Now here's the big difference between the ACA and Medicare for All.  KEY ISSUE: Even with the profit CAPS the ACA put on the Private Insurance Administrators, this was why Republicans called Obama a Socialist and was one of the few differences between the ACA and the Republican plans, the ACA limited the amount of money the Administrators could steal from your premium $s. Groups under 50 were limited to a 20% profit to pay for Sales, Marketing, Commissions, and actual costs to administer benefits. And groups over 50 were limited to 15%. KEY ISSUE: Medicare provides these functions and has for decades at a cost of between 2-3% of your premium buck. When people say we can't afford Medicare for All, they couldn't be more wrong. Fact is it would lower our Health Care costs by Hundreds of Billions of dollars a year. It's our only real solution or at least alternative.

Now before you start a reply filled with personal attacks, DON"T. All that does is show people you have nothing to add to the conversation. Something you think I got wrong, please let me know. But Fact Check it first. I will and will be happy to respond. 
If you took the time to read this Thank You. It was an effort to post but if we're going to debate something this important, 
Facts Matter.
  12. @AroundSun: The problem is the insurers can just keep raising rates and the government will keep increasing subsidies. It only enriches the insurers. We need a free market plan outside of government and employers.  Like car insurance. Let them compete across state lines and let the prices decrease. Then insurers will be forced to provide affordable premiums, and because of these lower affordable premiums to the masses, they will only be able to pay doctors and hospitals certain amounts, then doctors and hospitals will have no choice other than to reduce their rates, standardize pricing, and have fixed prices and transparency in pricing instead of just literally making up the bill after you’ve already been seen, and have no clue what it costs. It’s the only business in the world that can charge you literally whatever they want after service is provided and stick you with the bill.  I don’t know if my bill is going to be $200 or $2000 when I leave the doctor.
  13. @CorvairScott: Since 2010 The Affordable Care Act has taxed low income folks, the unemployed and those without Healthcare $600-$700 per year for not having health insurance! People I know! So why vote for Democrats? Yeah and now Obamacare needs subsidies to stay afloat and it's not Affordable Healthcare. So they lied about it. That's why we need to get rid of Obamacare.
  14. @israelashworth: Obama care /afordable care act is a joke.
  15. @clarknawrocki9718: Im surprised Obama hasn't been assassinated for making fun of Charlie Kirk on 911 2025
  16. @IndianaJones17: The reason it’s controversial is because it doesn’t work. It’s just another reason to tax Americans more.
  17. @bdwalker6863: Conservatives being on the wrong side of history again
  18. @DouglasPunt: well, that wasn't biased at all 🤣
  19. @Jay-j6m2l: Here’s what the insurance companies did. They insured everyone, including those with preexisting conditions. Jacked the premiums then they denied coverage for procedures for people because of cost. Profits have sored. People suffer financially and die anyway.
  20. @Liz-childofGod: I am learning about Obamacare and I've decided to reform or remove Obamacare.

- Help for single parents - Can work and family life work better? | DW Documentary: Kind: captions Language: en I often see single parents in a difficult situation because they can no longer afford the rent. But there are ideas on how to better support single parents Now for the molars. so everyone can live together happily. Bianka Baumann is bringing her son to kindergarten– on Saturday. The check-in is done to record the exact hours of childcare. The Humperdinckstraße Daycare in Rostock offers a special service. I have to work the late shift in the supermarket, so I'm bringing Linus to daycare on a Saturday. Without flexible and subsidized childcare, Bianka would not be able to go to work today. As with one in five families in Germany, she is a single parent. We have to put on your slippers. As a single mom, shift work is definitely the biggest problem. I'm a clerk and moved here especially for the daycare center so I could keep working. It's a huge relief that this daycare is here. Hi, Linus. Who's that you've brought with you? Let's go wave bye-bye to Mommy. Balancing family and work is not easy for single parents, especially mothers, who make up 80% of single parents. Many would like to work more, but lack access to childcare. The Humperdinckstraße daycare is available 247 for children of parents on shift work. There are five children here this Saturday. Five-year-old Jeremy is brought to the daycare by his mother. -Morning! -Good morning. -Hello! -Hi Jeremy! Jeremy will spend the night at the daycare. -Say "Bye-bye." -Have fun and be good. See you in the morning. I love you. His mother can work her late shift reassured that Jeremy is being well cared for. Have fun! Bye! The children head outside to play. Daycare teacher Saskia Stroteich is working the early shift and has been here since half past five. Our core opening hours are from 5:30 a.m. to 9:00 p.m. It's important that we also provide care during these off-peak hours because some parents work shifts and have to work overnight. I know this from my own family. My mother is a nurse and has to do shift work too, so this kind of service would have been very helpful when I was a child. Linus, are your hands clean? Then turn off the water and dry your hands. Let's go have something to eat. Single parents without a partner's support are especially dependent on flexible childcare options, which are rare in Germany. Only a few daycares offer extended hours and overnight care. I'll put a little bit on your plate for you to try with the spinach. We’ll move it to the side, that way you can try it out. Now we can eat. The children can have all their meals in the daycare if necessary. On weekends, we go grocery shopping together and the children can choose what they want to eat themselves. After lunch, Linus takes a nap and Saskia's workday is almost over. Put on the helmet and we'll go inside. In this innovative project, 20 of the 122 new apartments under construction will be reserved for single parents. This is one of your maisonette apartments. Sarah Zeller and her JUNO association are behind the idea of special housing for single parents. After spending so much time dealing with the suites on paper, it's great to actually be standing here, in a place that I had only seen before on the floor plan. Antonia Roither-Voigt, managing director of the property developer, shows Sarah the current building progress. This is the compact kitchen-living room, overlooking the playground. -Ahh, that's the playground. -Yes, it's really nice. The kindergarten and the school are right over there, and then there's the large open space connecting all the buildings. Yeah, the infrastructure and short distances are great. -Shall we see the bedroom? -Absolutely! Sarah Zeller knows well the worries and hardships of single parenting. The 38-year-old left Germany to study in Vienna and stayed. After separating from her husband, she found herself in a similar situation with her son. It's important to me, because I was a single parent myself and I know how challenging it is to live that way. I had a girlfriend who was a single parent. Our children were the same age. We all got along well, so we wanted to share an apartment. I was still studying at the time, and my friend was looking for work. We quickly realized that on the private housing market, no landlord would rent to us, and the layouts were all wrong for us anyway. Sarah came up with the idea of starting an association to promote suitable housing. The rooms should be compact and affordable, as limited funds are one of the biggest challenges facing single parents. Safe, affordable housing is a huge issue for single parents. difficult situation because they can no longer afford the rent. They've used up their savings and every month they wonder if they will be able to pay the next month's rent. -The screed is already dry. -And parquet flooring? -Of course! -Just the drywall to do then? We'll see to the finishing. That will be pretty quick to do. Sarah can start renting out these apartments. It's all possible thanks to the JUNO center for separated and single parents, an association she founded in 2015. Sarah is now a sought-after expert, especially when it comes to layout planning, as there are a number of differences compared to apartments made for couples. You can see from the floor plans that the combined livingkitchen area is a bit smaller than the bedrooms. It's usually the other way around, with the kitchenliving area being quite large. Here, you can see that it's a little smaller, so the two bedrooms can fit into 65 square meters. The association is financed by public subsidies, donations, membership fees, and developer fees. There was a huge amount of unpaid work in the first few years, which is normal when you start a venture. You invest time and money. But it was clear from the outset that this housing model worked well and that it benefited everyone involved in the project. The association offers single parents a range of advisory services. Demand is high, especially for housing assistance. Have you written all the titles? Number of rooms, address and floor plan. -Super! -I think it's clearer. Today they are presenting the housing project to new applicants. About 25 single parents are coming, so we're excited and a bit nervous. We've done a lot of work and they will have a lot of questions. Such events are often the only way for many single parents to find affordable and suitable housing. Single parents are basically guaranteed access through us. These 20 apartments will definitely be available for them. The City of Vienna is the driving force behind this subsidized housing construction, which has traditionally been very strong here. The JUNO Association has reportedly already helped 160 families, and over 250 more apartments are planned to be built by 2029. During the workshop, the single parents keep to themselves. Later, we chat with one of them, Manuel. Finding affordable housing in Vienna is very hard, so it's great to have an association that puts our interests first. Housing projects like this make sure that single parents live in the same buildings and create common areas. That way, you can meet up in the evenings and not feel so alone. It helps you build a support network. -Ciao! -Tschüss! In a lengthy selection process, Sarah and her team will decide who gets an apartment. The criteria include the waiting period length and the financial and social situation of the single parents. There are almost 120 applicants for the 20 apartments. If we could choose, of course we would give everyone their dream apartment. But that's not possible. We have to work with what we have. That means that many will be disappointed and a few will be very happy. But those who don't get an apartment in this housing project will stay on the waiting list. They may have better luck with one of the association's other projects. Sarah plans to visit a newly rented development in a few days. There are two safety features: one for lowering the blade guard here, and a switch for starting the saw. For single parents like Evelyne Nottebaere, DIY courses help to master everyday life. Let's go! Evelyne tries everything in the workshop, including the circular saw. Keep the pressure on it! I learn so much in these workshops! It's like a breath of fresh air. It helps me manage my day-to-day life. In Tournai, south of Ghent on the border to France, Amandine Dedoncker works for a social services association that runs a support program in the Wallonia region. The social worker offers weekly courses where single parents can meet, exchange ideas, and learn practical skills. The Single Family Relief program is aimed at supporting single parents. Our joint activities are specifically tailored to the needs of families. Amandine is driven by her own story. for five years, so this project appealed to me right away. I assess what services are needed and then organize and plan the activities. The publicly funded program was created after the COVID-19 pandemic to help socially vulnerable groups. The workshops boost my self-confidence. I recently had a plumbing problem that I was able to fix myself instead of having to call someone. After the workshop, Evelyne picks up her 7-year-old son Noah from primary school. She is between jobs and thinking about retraining. -Noah! -Quoi? -Help me in the kitchen? -Oui, j'arrive. When the 32-year-old became pregnant unexpectedly and decided to keep the child, the father was unable and unwilling to help. Not so hard. Evelyne wants to give her son all she can, even though it's not always easy. It's very hard financially because everything falls on me. There's barely enough money to get through each month. With the emotional strain and the daily organization, it's very complicated. I have to be there for everything. Oh, it's too hot! Household chores, work, and raising a child leave little time for socializing. Single parents need support– financially, socially, and psychologically. We may have strong shoulders, but we are quite vulnerable and carry enormous emotional burdens. Being the sole caregiver can lead to isolation and psychological stress. The Belgian Wallonia region hopes to bring single parents out of isolation and into society through workshops. Fostering community is at the heart of the program. To brighten things up, Amandine has organized a craft night. Today, we will be making scented wax and bath bombs from organic ingredients. It's very easy, and you can do it yourself at home. For many single parents, cosmetics are a rare luxury, but Amandine's workshops are free of charge. This time, the children are on hand too. Want to smell? That's white lilac! Do you like that better? Amandine has been contributing to the program for over two years– with unflagging enthusiasm. What really motivates me are workshops like this, where group dynamics develop and you can see the mothers having a good time together. The main thing is that they go home with something they've made together and can enjoy together. With this philosophy, Amandine Dedoncker and the program have reportedly already reached more than 200 single parents in Tournai. Before the program, I was quite lonely because, as a single parent with children, you tend to be sidelined a bit. That's why this is really great, because there's this support, this energy that we all share. It's much more than just workshops. It's shift change at the Humperdinckstraße daycare in Rostock. Today there are five children in total. One is staying overnight and will be picked up at 8 tomorrow morning. Another is staying until 6:30 p.m., so both will be here for dinner. Daycare teacher Maksim Novak is on the late shift today, including overnight supervision. Okay, so two children for dinner. I've been here for five and a half years, always working with the 24-hour service. During the day, there are many children with one teacher. In kindergarten, for example, it's one to 14. On weekends the groups are smaller, so the children get more individual attention. We have parents who work in retail, where Saturdays have to be covered, but also a lot of parents who work in the medical field, as nurses or doctors, or in clinics. These are colored lines. Currently, 185 children from nursery to preschool age attend the daycare, paid for by the state. Jeremy's mother is a store clerk. She works until 9:00 p.m., so she wouldn't get here until 10:00 p.m. at the earliest. Jeremy would have to stay awake until then, and then go home, so it's better if he stays here overnight. It's dinner time for Jeremy and Linus. Want another slice? Go ahead, you can have another. Enjoy it! Jeremy is used to staying the night. This is my bed. And this is my fox. He and his fox sleep over at the daycare about twice a month when his mother is on the evening shift. You can lift up the bed and then close the door. Then you just press a button and put the sheets on. And the other side, good. Jeremy will sleep here tonight… Now open up and brush from back to front. …but 2-year-old Linus is going home. Linus, look who's here. Hi sweetie. Bianka Baumann has come directly from work at the supermarket to pick up Linus. After his nap, he played outside for two hours, then ate two slices of bread and cheese for dinner. Great. Super. About a year ago, Sarah Zeller's JUNO association allocated 30 apartments in Vienna to single parents. She wants to look at one of them today and get ideas for future housing projects. -Hi Claudia. -Hi Sarah! Sarah is visiting Claudia Auer-Welsbach. -Nice to see you again! -You too! -Come on, I'll show you around. - Great. I'm always eager to see the real apartment, since I've only seen the plans before. This is the bedroom. The plan is for me to move into the living room in the near future and my son can sleep in this room by himself. Claudia lives in this one-bedroom apartment with her 2-year-old son. And the living room and kitchen. She pays 400 euros rent plus utilities for 50 square meters. Sweetie, do you want something to eat? -Tata-Suppe. -You want frittata soup? Ja. Claudia has sole custody of her son. Shortly after the boy's birth, the father disappeared and cannot be found. I never really had a relationship with his father. I met him while I was traveling and ended up getting pregnant unexpectedly. We stayed in touch for a while, but we didn't want the same things. From the moment we broke off contact, I knew I was on my own. Claudia has to cover her monthly living expenses on her own. She earns well as a part-time project manager, but finding a suitable apartment was still a challenge. She applied to 130 housing projects. Unbelievable. I went through all of these and more. At some point I stopped keeping track. But I applied for all of the ones listed here. Finding a suitable apartment after a separation is a huge challenge. I think housing is now the number one reason that single parents come to us. I'd have to pay two-thirds of my salary for rent, or work a lot more to make ends meet. Either way, my son would suffer for it. Then, JUNO came through. Claudia felt a weight lifted off her shoulders. Like winning the lottery. It was such a relief, and every day I feel so grateful that it worked out. Ready? I just need to put on my shoes and then we can go. For Claudia, being accepted meant not only an apartment, but a community of 30 other single parents. I probably would have found an apartment. Maybe even one that wasn't too expensive. But not one with this network that's growing with 30 other single parents. They say it takes a whole village to raise a child. This apartment building feels like a small village. Most of the single parents know each other by now, meet regularly, and help each other out, like Claudia and Regina. If you're a single parent and your child is sick, you can't leave the house to go shopping or to the pharmacy. So we often help each other out and pick up things for each other. That's a huge help. It's really cool to be here now, seeing and hearing that everyone is happy in their apartments and that they have a good network here. It's really cool. Relief and community- Sarah Zeller has found a solution that provides meaningful help to single parents. And she's looking forward to expanding the concept to other cities.

  Top Comments:
  1. @RGBergh [14 likes]: "Strong, independent woman" mentality. This is the results of that.
  2. @courtredhanded [4 likes]: Should not of read these comments :( heartless idiots
  3. @bouna194 [4 likes]: So most of these kids were born by a mistake .. meaning casual hookups and not because 2 people fall in love
  4. @joshuamichau5122 [4 likes]: Makes you respect your husbands more I think. Be greatful for a good man who actually cares. Don't argue with your husband about unecessary things and look after your men too.
  5. @WhoData5816 [3 likes]: Why should we be supporting people who purposely choose to make mistake instead of correcting their mistake how long can we support them?
  6. @veraroyen4986 [2 likes]: In Germany there are not enough available apartments for singles and Single parents because apartments get bigger and bigger !!!!  Build smaller flats but more !!!! . 3 rooms are o.k. for 60 quadratmeter and a seperate kitchen. But flats get larger and larger and have less rooms, because "they" want to make more money. Also 50 quadratmeter could have 3 rooms.
Singles with AVERAGE income are a social vulnerable group !
  7. @AKASHROY-i9f [1 likes]: 2.1 is ideal birthrate to sustain population hopefully European women will have more children
  8. @user-e5m8i [1 likes]: This ultra modern thought is not applicable in bhartya society. Orphanage is the solution or abortion🧑‍⚖️
  9. @insertoyouroemail [1 likes]: This is great but you should be careful with giving increased preference to single parents as that might promote bad incentives to break up families.
  10. @SpittingBatuta: They chose not to abort though😊
  11. @usaSaxon: What happened to being strong and independent?!?
  12. @KennyboyGM: Don’t date single moms.
  13. @AKASHROY-i9f: In India also there are a lot of single mothers🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳🇮🇳
  14. @kitarvin770: How safe is it when your children are placed in night care center? Does the center installed CCTV cameras that linked to the single parents' mobile phones through apps or softwares?
  15. @eXclusive1: Single motherhood- this isn't something that will change.
  16. @DExperience-w5s: ❤❤
  17. @Handlesun6812: they colecting data from me and they used against me
  18. @Handlesun6812: thetruthis i dont trustiphoneapple is my answer
  19. @Handlesun6812: guessmygender？my answer is im male.
  20. @Ali.Al-Mahdi: Don't bring children into this cruel world. There is absolutely nothing worthwhile on this planet. It's a meaningless existence, don't be deluded.

- The Family Life Cycle: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome to this animation explaining the family life cycle the family life cycle is an incredibly useful understanding from family therapy it refers to the progression of the family unit through transitional periods in its life cycle that's right the family system has a life cycle we all know about life cycles like when a tadpole becomes a frog or a puppy grows up into a dog and most people are also familiar with individual life cycles the different ages and stages of children as they grow have birthdays start school become teenagers and then adults typically though when we think of the life cycle transitions we think of these as individual milestones families have a life cycle too and the family life cycle refers to the stages and transitions for the family system sometimes these transitions can be challenging knowing about the family life cycle is incredibly useful because understanding that the family has different stages and transitions can make a big difference in how we navigate the Journey of life [Music] so what exactly are the family life cycle stages and transitions family life cycle transitions are predictable transitions that happen as we move between the different stages of life and journey through life and time each transition requires flexibility for the family to change to adapt with a new family structure and to adjust aspects of life like roles routines family processes and even family identity different periods or stages of the family life cycle typically require modifications in the family structure and processes but most people don't consciously consider this the transitions may be predictable but the adaptations and changes are often taken for granted or assumed that they will just naturally happen what are the stages of the family life cycle leaving home this is about accepting Financial practical and emotional responsibility for oneself partnering up with a significant other to create a new family system this is the joining of families through significant relationships or marriage and commitment to a new system families with young children this involves accepting children as new members of the family system families with teenagers this involves increasing the family system flexibility and allowing for growth and Independence launching teenagers and moving on in midlife the family system is adapting to exits from the system and entries to families in later life where the generational roles shift as parents may become grandparents or as people retire so let's dive into understanding these different stages the leaving crime stage involves a reshuffle of roles as the young adult becomes responsible for themselves parents May often still help but the young adult is responsible for their finances decision making problem solving emotional and physical well-being relationships spirituality and establishing themselves in the community and Society some helpful considerations for this family life cycle stage include consider the strengths for navigating the stage and where help might be needed consider how to balance Independence and staying connected to family and consider how to help your young adult without over functioning for them partnering up becoming a couple is a commitment to a new system that involves consideration of how to be an individual as well as being a partner how to arrange practicalities like decorating chores what to have for dinner where to Holiday and even how to have fun together how to communicate and share intimately how to manage relationships with families of origin and Friends and how to manage engagement in the broader Community for example sporting or religious groups stage of the family life cycle include the importance of developing open communication and working out how to solve problems together appreciating the importance of being curious and respectful about each other's family of origin friends and other important relationships and then negotiating how to honor these whilst now in a couple relationship welcoming baby into the family is a big transition that requires a renegotiation of roles relationships and couple processes to make space for the new person in the relationship the child helpful considerations for this stage include each parent will need to find a way to create their own relationship with baby and each baby or child that comes into the family through birth fostering or adoption each parent still needs to work out how to be a person and a partner as well as a parent it's important to invest time into considering and talking about hopes and dreams for baby and yourself as a parent as well as the practicalities like finances and roles like housekeeping and also values about parenting make time to consider and talk about the impact of baby joining your family system also on your broader system of family and friends families with teenagers as young children in the family system become tweens and then teens they are going through some individual developmental changes that are also part of family life things like their brain being under construction from a neuroscience perspective this refers to a range of things from reduction in logical thinking to increase in sleeping in there are also hormones developing Independence and increased connection with peers work out a balance of allowing your team to connect to friends while still staying connected with you and the family consider the neurobiological changes in this stage and avoid taking things personally or having unrealistic expectations take some time to do some research and understand your team remember that different ages and stages require different parenting strategies and you may need to update and tweak how you connect to your team talk to them discipline them and what you expect from them and as the last card enters the team years this is a time for you to consider the upcoming time together as a couple and your time as an individual and what your hopes are for this time lodging might sound like your teen is literally launched out of the family home and sometimes this is the case but it really refers to launching into the next stage of life this means a shift from a parent to child relationship to an adult to adult relationship it's an emotional and relational shift that may or may not involve a geographical shift but it does allow more space for the couple relationship and for being an individual stage include if your teen or young adults living with you consider your values and house rules and also what this looks like for another adult in the house as opposed to a child consider how to keep connected in an adult to adult relationship with your child as a person partner and parent take time to reevaluate your values and vision for this stage of Life what are your hopes goals and dreams consider your connection or reconnection to friends and community families in mid to later light from midlife to late midlife families continue to change with things like shifts and generational roles reviewing the couple system functioning and individual functioning including having fun and connecting as a couple there may also be an increasing interest in family history including family stories and wanting to pass these On to the Next Generation helpful considerations for this family life cycle stage include consider how roles are changing in terms of supporting adult children and possibly also elderly parents at the same time strike a balance of support without over functioning for the other person a balance that respects the other's autonomy if you become a grandparent balance maintaining a relationship with your adult child with building a relationship with your grandchild don't let your enthusiasm for a grandchild invite you to lose focus on your adult child they still matter if you become a grandparent remember your role is to support your child in their parenting this means accepting that as adults they may make different parenting choices to you and as time progresses the family life cycle moves on to acknowledge the final changes the family life cycle acknowledges the end of the death and loss are the most profound challenges families confront it's important to be mindful that there are a variety of individual understandings and responses to loss and it's also important to understand that there are adaptational challenges for the family system for family systems Mutual support at times of loss makes a difference relational connectedness helps families and family members to emerge strengthens and more resourceful in muting future life challenges in a family life cycle challenges often Arise at transitions because of the changes adaptations and adjustments needed change is hard and sometimes even scary if a family is having trouble accommodating to the changes needed for the life cycle transition these challenges can turn into problems for the family leaving them stuck or having troubles coping and these troubles can put stress and strain on family relationships and individuals sometimes this can end up looking like stress anxiety anger behavior problems or depression as the pressure builds up it's common for people to seek counseling and support at a family life cycle transition because the required changes in family structure relationship roles and processes can be very sometimes just knowing about the family life cycle is help enough leaving everyone feeling normal and validated and opening up possibilities for doing something different and sometimes a family or a family member might seek support with how to navigate the transition some family life cycle transitions are more complicated because they don't follow the predictable life cycle transition pathway life does not always go according to plan the plan can change and we are all subject to the hands we are dealt and to the slings and arrows of fate so there are also other life pathways other life choices and aspects of life and other considerations in the family the other Pathways choices aspects and considerations include things like migration which can be a positive choice or a force choice they also include things like loss trauma remaining single Global issues such as the pandemic a fertility journ that main Journey that may not end as plans pregnancy loss illness or injury disability War or experiences of natural disasters including flood fire Cyclones and drought some of these are referred to as unscheduled transitions because things like untimely loss and Trauma they are literally unscheduled unpredictable and unwanted and scheduled transitions have an impact on the family structure Arrangement roles and processes and can require additional support in the family life cycle it's helpful to consider that sometimes more than one family life cycle state is happening at one time and in the same way that stress is cumulative family life cycle transitions can result in cumulative stress an example of more than one state at a time includes the sandwich generation so named because this is where adults are caring for their children and also their parents and are sandwiched in between two sets of caring responsibilities foreign it's also important to note that family life cycle transitions occur in the context of culture family culture and broader cultural considerations depending on your cultural context the navigation of family life cycle stages can look a little different and sometimes be a bit more complicated for example when you migrate and hold your cultural values closely but your children don't hold them as closely as they become adults and start their own family systems your children's different values and different choices can sometimes result in relationship tensions and conflict so now that you know about the family I hope that this helps you to take a step back when you're feeling the pressures of family life and to treat yourself and your family system with acceptance and kindness as you journey through life there are reasons things can get tricky and one of those reasons is change knowing about and understanding the changes and helpful considerations is useful in navigating these more smoothly changes and challenges happen both the predictable ones and the unplanned unpredictable ones but knowing a bit about the family life cycle transitions can Empower you to consider what steps you can take to navigate the changing seasons of life thank you for taking the time to watch this animation and to learn about the family life cycle if these ideas caught your attention and you'd like to find out more you can visit my website to to subscribe to my monthly resource letter and also connect with me on social media Facebook Instagram and Linkedin if you would like to find a family therapist in Australia please visit the Family Therapy Association and look for the register of clinical family therapists and finally I'd like to acknowledge and thank the work of Monica McGoldrick and her colleagues who've introduced the idea of the family life cycle thank you and goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @Rip_kitten100 [6 likes]: I needed this for my home work
  2. @HealingCreationsPNW [3 likes]: Loved this ❤
  3. @JMJSnehasadanChildrensHome [3 likes]: I am inspired by your narration on family - acceptance makes  our life journey to lead a good life
  4. @tochukwuasanya4787 [2 likes]: Thank you
  5. @suthraaua [2 likes]: I love your presentation, Leonie. From your past student from Thailand.

- Theories About Family & Marriage: Crash Course Sociology #37: Kind: captions Language: en You’ve probably heard people say that blood is thicker than water. That’s supposed to mean that family relationships – blood – are stronger than all other relationships. Which I guess are the water? But what do you think? Is that true? Can friends be considered your family? Or do you only think of your parents or siblings as family members? And how strong are familial relationships? Do they come with obligations that you don’t have for other people? Let’s try to tell the blood from the water here, and figure out what makes a family a family. [Theme Music] You probably have your own idea of what makes a family, but here’s how sociologists define it. Families are groups of people who are related by genetics, marriage, or choice, and who share material, emotional, and economic resources. So, the family isn’t a formal organization, like a government or a church. Instead it’s a social institution. That’s because the members of a family are held together by the commonly shared goal of the well being and mutual support of its members – and they organize people and power based on positions of social status within the family, like mother or daughter. Family often goes hand in hand with kinship, a social bond based on common ancestry, marriage, or adoption. These are the relationships that are most commonly thought of as ‘family’ – parents and kids, spouses, siblings, aunts and uncles. And some of these relationships you’re born into – the biological children of parents, for example. But other family relationships are created through legal bonds, like marriage or adoption. And it’s also important to recognize that for many people, family is a matter of choice. Marriage is the most prominent example of this – choosing to get married is two people coming together to say to each other and the world that they choose to be a family. Another family-by-choice is when close friends are also considered family, a practice called fictive kin. These family friends are incorporated into the larger family, interacting daily, living together, having their kids grow up together, calling the friend Uncle Joey – wait, that’s just the plot of Full House. But fictive kin isn’t a fictional concept. These found families consist of people who have chosen to care for each other, share resources, and share their lives together. This can make a family bond as strong as any based in ancestry or law. Now, no matter what type it is, the family that you grow up in is known as your family of orientation, because it orients you to the world and teaches you how families work. And the family that you create on your own, as an adult, is known as a family of procreation. A common type of family of procreation is a nuclear family, a unit made up of two parents and biological or adopted children. Consider this a contrast to another two common types of families: single parent families and extended families. A single parent family is exactly what it sounds like – one parent raising children. Both nuclear and single parent families are also sometimes referred to as immediate family – parents and siblings. Extended family is everyone in your family who isn’t a parent or sibling – grandparents, uncles, cousins, great aunts, third cousins twice removed. In the United States, most people live with their immediate family, though they may live nearby or regularly visit members of their extended family. And in many cultures – including in the US – families most often form around marriages. Marriage is a legally recognized relationship, usually involving economic, social, emotional, and sexual bonds. I know, that’s not a very romantic way to describe marriage. But marriage isn’t always based on love and romance. The idea of marrying for love alone is actually fairly new. Sure, people have always fallen in love. But you didn’t need to be in love to get married. Instead, more practical concerns – like creating tighter bonds between families, or finding economic security – have historically been more common reasons. Cultural norms – that are sometimes enshrined into laws – also limit romantic love by marking some people as acceptable spouses, or not. Some norms promote endogamy, or marriage between people of same social category. Essentially, like marries like. For example, college-educated Americans are more likely to marry other college-educated Americans. And people are more likely to marry others of the same race – though that pattern is slowly changing. Interracial marriage is an example of exogamy, or marriage between people of different social categories. Another example of exogamy is ‘marrying up’, where a person of a low socioeconomic status marries someone of a higher socioeconomic status. Traditionally, women are more likely to use marriage to move up the socioeconomic ladder than men, partially due to broader patterns of gender inequality that limit other opportunities for improving their status. And forms of marriage can vary across time and across cultures. In modern-day high income countries, marriage is, by law, only between two people – a practice known as monogamy. Polygamy, or marriage to two or more spouses, is legally recognized in the majority of African countries and in some South Asian countries. Marriage practices are deeply tied to the economic and social structures of society. For example, the most common form of polygamy is polygyny or the marriage of one man to two or more women. But in societies with low male-to-female ratios, polyandry, or the marriage of one woman to two or more men, can also occur. In countries where polygamy isn’t legally recognized, the term bigamy is used to refer to going through the legal processes of marrying while still married to another person. Now, marriage is the main way that individuals move from their family of orientation into a family of procreation. And with marriage comes decisions about how to fit your new family into your existing, separate families. Let’s go to the Thought Bubble to look at how marriage practices have varied across societies. Say a man and a woman get married…where should they live? If we’re in a pre-industrial society, the couple will most likely move to live with or near the husband’s family, a practice known as patrilocality. In a study of 1,153 cultures, cultural anthropologist David Levinson estimated that about 70% have a patrilocal residence pattern. This was most common for societies with frequent warfare, where families wanted to keep sons around as a form of protection. But in some pre-industrial societies, our newly married couple will practice matrilocality, where they live with or near the wife’s family. Many Native American tribes, particularly those in the Southwestern United States, such as the Hopi and Zuni, have historically been matrilocal, with newly married couples settling into the clan of the wife. In these societies, women generally own the home and resources of the family. These tribes are also matrilineal, meaning that they trace descent through the mother’s family tree. Most societies, however, are patrilineal, meaning that they trace kinship through the father. This means that all inheritance – land, wealth, titles – passes from father to son. We see patterns like this even in relatively recent times. Until the mid-nineteenth century, all land inherited by women in the US was solely owned by her husband, encouraging inheritance patterns that preference sons. And it was only in the last decade that Britain changed its line of succession to allow the monarchy to be passed on to the firstborn child, regardless of sex. Thanks Thought Bubble! So that’s how residential choice and family inheritances worked in the past. But what about nowadays? Industrialization has resulted in huge job growth in city centers, which has stoked greater migration from hometowns to big cities. As such, many married couples have been more likely to be living apart from both sets of parents, a practice known as neolocality. While patrilineal traditions, like passing on the father’s last name to children, persist, most families in industrial societies trace descent through both men and women. This continues to be true in most high-income countries, and neolocality is most common among the highly educated and households where both spouses are working. Because cities are where most of the jobs are. But even if modern day Americans live far from their parents, it’s impossible to escape the impact that families play in molding us, both on an individual and a societal level. Family is yet another social institution that we can use the three schools of sociological thought to examine. Structural functionalists emphasize the role that families play in socializing children, so they can function in society, while of course also giving them emotional and material support. But the other role of family in a structural functionalist framework is the regulation of sexual activity. Which again, I know, sounds super romantic. What I mean is that our societal norms about who can marry whom generally tells us something about what we hold to be acceptable or taboo sexual behavior. For example, incest is taboo in most cultures. This norm exists partially because reproduction among close relatives increases the likelihood of genetic inbreeding. These taboos mean that people must find their partners outside their family, creating social ties across families within a community. In contrast, social conflict theory, particularly feminist theory, focuses on the ways in which traditional notions about family perpetuate social inequality. Some of these inequalities might be obvious, based on what we’ve talked about already – like patrilineal lines of descent that make it impossible for women to hold wealth or gain power. There’s also the negative side of family as a form of sexual regulation. We might think it’s a good thing that family status ties prevent incest, but historically, this sexual regulation has also meant that married women have been seen as the sexual and economic property of their husbands. I’ve mentioned already that in the 19th century, women’s inheritance and earnings legally belonged to their husband. But for a more recent example, look at how the law treats women’s control over their own body within marriage: marital rape was not made illegal in all states in the US until 1993. Social conflict theory also points out the ways in which marriage entrenches social advantages and disadvantages. Because most people marry those who are similar to themselves, inequalities across class and race lines are often enhanced and further entrenched by marriage. Oftentimes, endogamous marriage occurs because of social norms and preferences. But it also stems from laws that regulate who can marry whom. Anti-miscegenation laws, which outlawed interracial marriage, were not ruled unconstitutional until 1967, in the aptly named Supreme Court case Loving vs Virginia. Finally, through the lens of symbolic interactionist theories, we can see families in terms of the daily interactions of family life. Family statuses come with their own expectations of behavior. The stereotypes of mother as nurturer and father as breadwinner shape how people think about themselves, and others, as ‘good’ or ‘bad’ fathers and mothers. Social exchange theory argues that relationships are a form of exchange between people, attempts to gain benefits from their interaction while avoiding the costs. If the costs outweigh the benefits, the marriage ends. Of course, much of what we’ve discussed today has looked at marriage under a heteronormative lens, and many of these theories don’t hold up as well when definitions of marriage and family are broadened to cover the wide spectrum of family types that we see today. So next week, we’ll talk about what families look in the here and now, and how society shapes these family forms. But today, we learned about how sociology defines family and the different terms used to describe specific types of family. We discussed marriage in different societies, as well as marital residential patterns and patterns of descent. Finally, we ended with a discussion of three schools of thought on the societal role of marriage and family. Crash Course Sociology is filmed in the Dr. Cheryl C. Kinney Studio in Missoula, MT, and it’s made with the help of all of these nice people. Our animation team is Thought Cafe and Crash Course is made with Adobe Creative Cloud. If you'd like to keep Crash Course free for everyone, forever, you can support the series at Patreon, a crowdfunding platform that allows you to support the content you love. Thank you to all of our patrons for making Crash Course possible with their continued support.

- The Double Life of a Family Man: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Ever wonder what really goes on behind closed doors? We often assume that what we see on the outside is the whole story. But the truth is, every home, every family, and every individual has layers that remain unseen. The reality is far more complex than we might imagine. Your neighbor seems normal, maybe even happy and carefree. But statistics reveal a hidden reality lurking just beneath the surface. The people we pass every day, the ones we greet with a smile, maybe carrying secrets we can't even begin to guess. 73% of people leading double lives, report intense, constant stress. That's nearly three out of four. Imagine the weight of living each day with the fear of being found out. The anxiety of keeping your true self hidden from those closest to you. This kind of stress doesn't just fade away, it lingers, affecting every aspect of life. 40% admit to hiding a major secret from loved ones. Lifealtering secrets, not just small fibs. These are the kinds of truths that could change relationships forever if they ever came to light. The burden of keeping such secrets can be overwhelming, and it's more common than most people realize. The pressure to keep these secrets is immense, like holding your breath and never exhaling. It's a constant tension, a feeling that at any moment everything could unravel. For many, this pressure becomes a daily companion, shaping their actions and decisions in ways they may not even recognize. More than half of these secret keepers battle persistent anxiety, always worried about being discovered. The fear of exposure can be paralyzing, making it difficult to relax, to trust, or to truly connect with others. It's a silent struggle that often goes unnoticed by those around them. This isn't a rare phenomenon. It's a hidden struggle happening everywhere. In crowded cities, quiet suburbs, and small towns alike, people are wrestling with secrets that shape their lives in profound ways. It's a universal experience cutting across age, background, and circumstance. These numbers aren't just statistics. They're real people living with invisible burdens. Each percentage point represents someone you know, someone you care about, or maybe even yourself. The weight of these secrets can be crushing, yet most carry on as if nothing is wrong. Beneath the surface of everyday life, complex stories are unfolding. At the dinner table, in the workplace, or during a casual conversation, there are hidden narratives that influence how people think, feel, and interact. These stories are often filled with fear, hope, regret, and longing. People are juggling different versions of themselves, and the cost is high. The effort to maintain separate identities can lead to exhaustion, confusion, and a sense of isolation. It's a balancing act that few can sustain without consequences. The price is paid not just by the secret keeper, but by everyone around them. Families, friends, and partners often sense that something is wrong, even if they don't know what it is. The ripple effects of secrecy can strain relationships and erode trust over time. As we'll see, the impact of these secrets is deeper than we think. The hidden struggles of those around us shape our communities in ways we rarely acknowledge. Understanding this reality is the first step toward empathy, connection, and perhaps healing. Let's meet Mark. On the surface, he's the kind of person everyone seems to know. A friendly face in the neighborhood, a familiar presence at every school event, and the guy who always has a smile and a wave for passers by. Mark is in his early 40s, married to his college sweetheart, and together they're raising two energetic kids in a comfortable house, nestled in the suburbs. Their home is the kind of place where laughter spills out the windows, and the yard is always full of life. He's the dad on the sidelines coaching youth soccer with enthusiasm, the parent who volunteers for every school fundraiser, and the host of legendary backyard barbecues that bring the whole block together. Mark's weekends are a blur of family activities, community events, and friendly gatherings. To everyone around him, Mark is the definition of reliability. A steady, trustworthy family man who always seems to have it all together. He's the neighbor who shovels your driveway without being asked, and the friend who never forgets a birthday or special occasion. Need a handmoving furniture? Mark's there. Need someone to watch your kids in a pinch? He's already volunteered. He's the glue that holds his little corner of the world together. the person everyone counts on. But if you look a little closer, you might notice something different. There's a weariness in his eyes that doesn't quite match his easy smile. His phone is always face down on the table. And sometimes in the middle of a conversation, he seems to drift away, lost in thought. These are the subtle cracks in Mark's carefully polished facade. The small signs that not everything is as perfect as it appears. the stress lines, the moments of distraction, the quiet size when he thinks no one is watching. Behind closed doors, Mark is carrying a burden heavier than the demands of work or the challenges of fatherhood. It's a weight that presses on him day and night. A secret struggle that he keeps hidden from even those closest to him. Outwardly, Mark is living the dream. A loving family, a stable job, a beautiful home. But beneath the surface, there's a tension, a sense that something isn't quite right. Even in the happiest moments, there's a flicker of sadness in his eyes, a hint of distance in his smile. Mark is one of the 40% of people who are hiding a major secret from those around them. The pressure of keeping up appearances is mounting and the stress is beginning to seep into every part of his life. He's leading two lives, one that everyone sees and another that he keeps locked away. The effort to maintain this double existence is exhausting and it's starting to take a visible toll on his well-being. Mark's story is a reminder that even the most ordinary, picture perfect lives can hide extraordinary secrets. The people we think we know best may be carrying hidden struggles we can't even imagine. The truth is rarely as simple as it seems. Sometimes the real story is hidden just beneath the surface, waiting to be discovered. So, what's Mark's secret? It's a question that lingers in the air. One that even those closest to him would never think to ask. Mark on the surface is the picture of stability, a devoted husband, a loving father, and a reliable employee. But beneath that calm exterior, there's a hidden world, a life that no one suspects. It's not espionage or crime. There's no cloak and dagger, no secret meetings in shadowy alleys. Mark's secret is far more ordinary yet just as consuming. A secret that's quietly shaped every decision he's made for years. Years ago, Mark was a passionate day trader, spending long nights glued to his computer, chasing the thrill of the market. He lived for the rush, the possibility of turning a small investment into something big. But then, a devastating loss wiped out his savings and shattered his confidence. The pain was too much to bear, and he promised himself and his wife Sarah that he was done for good. He promised Sarah he was done, got a stable job, and moved on, or so it seemed. He focused on his family, building a new life, one that was safe and predictable. For a while, he convinced himself that was enough. But three years ago, the old itch returned. Craving excitement, Mark secretly started trading again. He told himself it was just a hobby, a harmless way to blow off steam after work. But the thrill was addictive, and soon he was spending more and more time in front of the screen, chasing that elusive high. It began small, but soon he was managing a substantial hidden portfolio. The stakes grew higher and so did the risks. Mark found himself living a double life, carefully hiding every trade, every win and loss from his family. To keep his secret safe, he created a second identity. Marcus, his online trading persona. Under this alias, he joined forums, shared tips, and built a reputation in the digital world that was completely separate from his real life. At home, Mark was a dependable dad, always present for bedtime stories and weekend soccer games. But as Marcus, he was a risk-taker, living on the edge in a secret world of numbers and adrenaline. He even rented a small office, telling Sarah it was for work overflow. In reality, it was his sanctuary, a place where he could trade without fear of being discovered, where Marcus could exist without boundaries. There, surrounded by glowing monitors and the hum of computers, Mark felt powerful and alive. But the freedom came at a cost. Every moment spent as Marcus was a moment spent lying to his family. And the weight of that deception grew heavier with each passing day. Every win was a secret, every late night a lie. The victories felt hollow, tainted by the knowledge that he couldn't share them with the people he loved most. The thrill was always shadowed by guilt. Mark would catch his own reflection late at night and wonder how long he could keep up the charade. Mark was living as two men, separated by a wall of secrets. Each day, the line between Mark and Marcus blurred a little more, making it harder to know where one ended and the other began. Maintaining that wall was exhausting. The lies piled up, and the fear of being discovered haunted him. Even in his happiest moments, the double life was both his escape and his prison. A secret world that gave him purpose, but also threatened to take everything he loved away. Keeping two lives separate is a full-time job on top of his real one. Mark spent an extra 60 hours a week just managing the lie. Early mornings secret office trips, clearing browser history, juggling emails and bank accounts. He'd trade before dawn, multitask at work, and use lunch breaks for the market. Evenings meant more lies, late meetings, hours at his secret office. He kept a separate wardrobe, planned every detail, and covered every contingency. The mental energy to switch personas was immense. Mark had burner phones, encrypted apps, and alibis for his alibis. The web of lies was becoming unmanageable. One slip could bring it all crashing down. The effort was monumental and unsustainable. The house of cards was trembling. The most visible casualty of Mark's double life, his absence at home. He missed family dinners five nights a week, always with a new excuse. At first, Sarah was understanding, but the empty chair became a symbol of growing distance. His daughter stopped asking when he'd be home. His son waited up only to find Mark distracted or asleep. The daily connections that make a family were eroding. Sarah became a single parent in all but name, handling everything alone. Conversations with Mark turned brief and logistical. Emotional intimacy faded, replaced by polite distance. Mark saw the damage but justified it as a temporary sacrifice for a better future. In trying to provide, he was dismantling his family's foundation. The emotional cost was far greater than any financial gain. The family was paying the price for his secret. The stress of Mark's double life didn't stay in his mind. It attacked his body. He suffered constant headaches, popping painkillers for relief that never lasted. Sleep was rare. His mind raced with market worries and lies. He'd be awake at 3:00 a.m. checking trades, running on caffeine and adrenaline. Exhaustion and irritability became his norm. Meals were unhealthy, grabbed on the go, and he gained weight. Digestive issues and a general malaise set in. His body was keeping score, warning him to stop. Chronic stress like this leads to real health problems. High blood pressure, heart disease, a weakened immune system. The body can't tell the difference between a real threat and the stress of a secret life. Mark was accelerating his own decline. Mark's mind was under siege. anxiety, a constant companion. A simple question from Sarah could trigger panic. He rehearsed stories, anticipated discovery, and became hypervigilant. Every interaction was calculated, every word monitored. The emotional isolation was profound. He couldn't share his biggest wins or losses. The gap between him and Sarah grew wider. This mental state is unsustainable. Psychologists call it cognitive dissonance, living with contradictions that erode your sense of self. Mark rationalized his actions, but the mental gymnastics were exhausting. Over time, the anxiety threatened to consume him. Why do people like Mark think they can keep it up? Every successful lie reinforced his illusion of control. Early successes built false confidence. He thought he could outsmart everyone. The secret world felt safer and more predictable than messy family life. In trading, he was in charge. At home, life was unpredictable. The belief that a double life can last is denial, a defense against guilt and fear. People convince themselves they're the exception, that their system is perfect. But the emotional walls are dissolving and the impact seeps into everything. The illusion of control can only last so long. Eventually, reality catches up. Mark's story is a reminder. Secrets are rarely born from malice, but from human longing. He thought he was protecting his family, but the secret became a weapon. The real cost isn't just exposure or financial loss. It's the slow death of intimacy. Missed moments, lost connections, and broken trust are the true price. We aren't built for compartmentalization. We crave authenticity. The energy to maintain two selves drains our health and relationships. The fear and anxiety are signs we're living out of alignment. The truth always finds a way out. Sometimes slowly, sometimes all at once. When the house of cards falls, the damage is real. The lesson, the most valuable thing we can offer is our whole undivided self. That's the only foundation that truly lasts.