- Living the Snowbird Retired Life in Florida...What We Found: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, we're Richard and Jackie from Early Retirement Wonderlust and we are currently in Florida and we are on the beautiful island of Anamaria >> and we've been here for quite a few weeks now. We've come out with my mom who comes out every January. She's what we affectionately call a snowbird and in America the snowbirds are the people that come down to Florida from all of the northern states which are absolutely kneede in snow at the moment. So yeah, we've been enjoying life in snowbirds. So, what we want to do in this video is to just take you through our experience of living the snowbird life in Florida. We have had quite a start to 2026. We have spent the first few weeks of the year on Anamaria Island in Florida. It's situated on the Gulf Coast and it is absolutely beautiful. >> It's one of our happy places. We have been here several times over the years with our children, with our wider family, with my mom, my sister's family, and there's just so many memories that we've got of this place. >> But there's one thing for sure that in January it is very, very different. We've absolutely relished getting away from the cold and it's been beautiful, but it's very different to January back home. And what we want to do in this video is to just give you a potted idea of what we've been up to over the course of the last few weeks. Now, one of the things I absolutely love about island life is the slower pace. And that sort of starts in the morning. It's very different over here. It's not actually that warm this morning. And coming out in Burkis might seem a little bit odd, but it is January. Um, and I couldn't do that at home. And the mornings are just seemingly so clear and crisp. So, we can wander down here just out of the apartment down onto the dock side. And there's a gorgeous little place to come and sit. And I'm finding I'm doing it more and more. I just come down with me coffee and sit and watch the world begin and uh the morning start and maybe sit with a few birds that tend to come along and think that they're going to get fed. But it's just absolutely gorgeous down here and just a nice slow way of starting the day before everyone else gets up because there's no way Jackie is getting up at this time in the morning. >> Morning. >> Welcome to our little office. When we first came to Florida, we weren't actually intending on doing any work, but quite a few things came up. So, here we are. We were actually coming out to Florida to spend time with my mom. She comes out every January and she spends a month on the island on her own. And this time, she wanted a little bit of company. She just had her knee done and I think was feeling maybe a little bit more vulnerable. So, yeah, here we are. >> But over the course of the last few months after we booked this, things escalated really quick. And I think you probably realize from on the channel that we're actually out here writing a book and we're on a pretty strict deadline. So, we have a bit of a routine about this and it's still quite early in the morning, believe it or not. Jack is up. But we do that every day, don't we? And we're actually just getting up and getting some creative stuff done on the book. And it's just so exciting. >> Yeah, it's really good. We've been getting up about 8:00. Mom's actually gone to yoga because she's been coming to this island for so many years. She's got her own little social scene. So, she's gone to yoga and she's going out for a coffee with some friends. Um, and we get up early about 8ish and do maybe three hours of 3 four hours of writing every morning and then that's us of the day. So, it's not tedious work. But yeah, Richard's got me chained to the laptops in the morning. But we're really enjoying it. It's a it's a process that we've never been through before and we're just enjoying I think both of us have said it's really reflective thinking about what we want to include in the book all about our early retirement journey and actually just revisiting those memories of the past and we find it almost like a really cathartic experience aren't we? It's really enriching. >> It's really made us think. It's really made us reflect on all that we've been through. reflecting on the experiences that we've had, sort of a lot of the worries that we had when we first set out and how 40 months later actually it's turned out okay. We took a gamble and it's paid off, I think. >> Yeah. So, the book's coming along quite nicely. I think we're down to about our last couple of chapters now. And to be fair, that's that's hard going because naturally you leave the tough stuff to last. And we've left the tough stuff to the last. So, it is a little bit harder now. Um but actually we're not writing right at this moment in time because something else has sort of come up on the agenda it really. >> Yeah. Just before Christmas we got the opportunity to do a talk on the inspiration stage at the NEC. So we have been busy trying to get a PowerPoint presentation together. They asked us to do a talk on our trip to France particularly to do with the Provence and the Cat Dor which was a fantastic trip. So that's been quite fun as We've been going through all the old photos. Actually having to relearn how to use PowerPoint cuz it's three and a half years since we did any sort of work like that when we were teaching. >> Yeah. When you think back just used to be to bang those out left, right, and center. We used to do it sort of five times a day for lessons and things like that. And now we can't even quite work out how PowerPoint works. But it's a really nice experience. Um, I'm hoping that our presentation skills come back ready for the NEC. I can't actually remember the dates, but I'll put them on the screen below. And we have actually got a sort of slight discount code for tickets if you are thinking of going in February. Uh we're only at the show Tuesday, Wednesday, and Thursday and we're speaking and all the details we'll put somewhere on the screen. But yeah, really excited about that. But yeah, something else to do. Feels a little bit like work to be honest, doesn't it? >> It has felt a little bit like work while we're out here in Florida. But we've said it's only a month. Maybe the first six weeks of the year we'll be really busy and then we're back to our normal traveling and just enjoying our early tired life again. >> And it's not that we're not enjoying this because we know that we're in a really privileged position and we are really enjoying it. It's so exciting writing a book. Who who ever thought that we would say that? But it is really exciting. And uh actually we better get on and finish this PowerPoint because it needs to be off in the next couple of days. Um because there is a deadline looming for that. Now, we don't want you to get the wrong idea and think that we're always going out and eating, but we've had a hard morning working and we are off to an island institution, which is Jinny and Janie's for breakfast. And talking of island institutions, we are going to catch the trolley bus which goes around the island the full length from tip to tip. Um Jackie's even got it on an app where you can track these three buses. They're absolutely free. Um they just make it so much easier because you don't have to move the car. We can't move the car anyway because uh Iris has got the car. She's at yoga at the moment. Good Come on. Oh my god. So, Jack, how was breakfast then? >> Oh my goodness me. You went for the conservative breakfast. You only went for the two egg breakfast, whereas I went for three eggs scrambles with all the vegetables in it. It was immense. >> Not forgetting all the sausage meat threaded through it and the extra cheese. So yeah, we did well to plow through that and we just decided to walk it off. Really almost a breakfast come lunch come brunch sort of thing. I don't think we'll need to eat for about another five or six hours really. >> No, no, I think that's it till tea time. >> So a gentle walk around the top of the island and via the the city jail, but obviously Jackie had to visit and have a bit of a sit down after such a hefty breakfast. But tell us where we are now. So, we're at City Pier, which if you saw any of our videos last time we came to Anamaria Island in September 2024, we used to come fishing here every day. And it's the most beautiful setting, the pier with the sunset, and they had a really nice beer shack on there, and you could get cheap beers while you're fishing. And then the two between the two huracans, it was completely destroyed. The building's still there at the back, but all of the boardwalk was washed away. So, they're in the middle of getting it put back up again. We're at 15 months since the hurricane and they've just about got all the pylons and the footings right to the shore again. >> It's been really interesting over the course of the month watching it, but such a sad state of affairs. That pier or what's left of that pier holds such happy memories for us. And actually, if you've seen any of our introductory reels to all of our videos, there is one of me and Jackie walking down at dawn in the most beautiful conditions. And that's that pier. So, we've got to come back to see what it's like. >> Yeah, they're hoping it'll be finished by October. So, if mom comes out next January, maybe we'll come join her >> And then onto another sad tale. We're going to get moving a little bit further north to the next pier, which is the Roden Reel. But more of that when we get up there. We've been coming to the island for many, many years. And we used to come out in the summer with the kids all the time and pick up some cheap rentals. A bit like this place here behind us. But it's amazing how the island has changed in such a short space of time. Obviously, it's been battered by the hurricanes, but the original architecture of the small sort of surfer shack bungalows are slowly but surely going and they're putting up these absolutely monstrous houses. All very, very pretty, but it's changing the shape of the island. No less pretty, but just different. So when the hurricane came through, it took out both of the peers on the north end of the island. And this one is especially sad to see. We we're at the rod and reel and we have got so many family photos over the years stood just between those two posts over there looking down the pier and it was just really iconic. Unfortunately, it's a private pier. So they they haven't got the funds to rebuild this one. the one that the city pier just a little bit further down that's being funded by the city to get rebuilt whereas this is private so they are desperately trying to get funds to rebuild it was proper old school in terms of a pier and we had many happy days just sipping beers and fishing off there but it is no more >> and actually right at the end there was a two-story building a really great restaurant but it's just gone completely Okay. Now, I don't want you to think we're being all Howard and Hilda, but without actually knowing it, we've come out in the same colored t-shirts. It was that cold this morning. We honestly had jumpers on and didn't talk about it. So, we now feel a bit ridiculous now that it's sunny, but yeah, not intentional. Well, I think that's the life of being an ISVR ambassador. >> Possibly. Possibly. So, so different to when we were up here the other day. >> I've got a photo and the sky looks like all hell is breaking loose. It was so dark and thundery, but it's absolutely beautiful this morning. The sea's gone back to a really nice blue color. It's really calm again. We're at a place called Bean Point, and it's one of the most beautiful parts of the island, but it's also probably one of the most treacherous points. So many people get caught in the riptide that goes out into this channel. But wow is it stunning. I'm just going to turn the camera around to show you. So in terms of weather, it's all relative. America has gone absolutely bonsai over this winter storm that's hit. and it has hit really far north and they have been blasted with snow and ice. But they're worried down here because it's freezing temperatures overnight allegedly. Can't believe that. And daytime temperatures of around about 50, which is 10°. It's actually okay, isn't it? >> Yeah, I think it's hit about 10 12° uh most days this week, which is actually for us quite warm. We've still refused to put any trousers on. Most of the Flidians are walking around in huge jackets, lots of layers on, their base their their woolly hats on, their gloves when they're playing pickle ball. It's almost like um they're in the depths of the hardest winter. But for us, it's like an English summer. >> What's really interesting is that relativity of temperature and wherever we are in the world, we all like to moan about the weather. But this is beautiful. >> Beautiful walk, Jackie. But how's your elevation going? >> It's not going at all while we're on the island. I think the highest point on the island is possibly about 3 mters. So I think in total I've walked probably about 3540 miles and I think I've done 100 meters of elevation at the most. Even though we're on the island and it's such a beautiful place, we do still have to live our normal daily lives and that involves going to the supermarket. Now, there is an Aldi that we found just off the island and we've done most of our supermarket shopping there. But we've also found Publix. We like to think of Publix as a fine blend between Waitros and Booths with the prices to match. However, we are constantly amazed at the amount of processed food and sugary drinks that's readily available in the US >> with Publix being one of the more upmarket supermarkets. There is a really great range of meats, but I have to say the price matches it. It's eye wateringly expensive. >> We have tried a few of the breakfast cereals, but it seems like a national obsession over here. And talking about obsessions, no matter what supermarket you go into, the ice cream aisles tend to go on forever with every flavor imaginable. I have found a favorite though, Moose Tracks. We love the fact that you can come into a supermarket and all of the beers are in a big chiller area, so they're all really cold, ready to drink as soon as you get home. >> And even though this is named after us, we're still not really sure what you do with it. So, one of the things we like to do when we're on the island is to wander down to the beach for sunset because there are some pretty spectacular sunsets. Not every night, interestingly. So, tonight's a good one. >> It is, but you might be able to tell we are absolutely wrapped up. We have got uh marino long sleeve tops on. I've got a jumper on and I've got my coat on because it is absolutely freezing. The temperature's gone down to about 7° today after being 24 only 2 days ago. Heat. So, Rich has been the top chef while we've been here. So, what you cooking tonight? Well, we are at the end of the trip, so we are sort of using stuff up. The starter Jackie can definitely cook because we're having stuffed cream cheese jalapenos and they just are baked off. We did some pulled pork a couple of days ago. Um, so a bit like when we're at home, we do tend to just cook and just use everything. So, massive piece of pulled pork. It was amazing value. It was $12 and it's given us sort of six portions out of it. So, we're having barbecue pulled pork. We're having some fried potatoes. Um, and yeah, just trying to keep it really, really simple. >> Keeping it healthy as well. I'll make a Caesar salad, >> of course. Yeah. So, Jackie's responsibility is Caesar salad and putting the jalapenos in the oven for 14 minutes. Now, one of the things I've been trying to do is dry January, and it's actually made it pretty easy over here. It did help that the flight we flew over on New Year's Eve so I could have a few drinks then. But since then I haven't really had a problem with it because um in America they've got some fantastic non-alcoholic beers. I really like some of the hazy ones and they just seem to be so much better and such a bigger range than what we have at home. Really like these Athletic Brewing Company ones. The Hazy IPAs are only 70 calories a can. They do a golden IPA I think that's about 40 calories a can. So, not only is it h alcohol-f free, it's also saving me on calories and uh yeah, really enjoying them. >> You can tell from the bottle of wine in the background, both myself and my mom are not doing dry January. >> Yeah, as uh as Iris has just finished the last of the gin off. >> So, the island is actually only about a mile wide at its complete wideness. And you're never far from either the sea or the canals on the bay side. And we're actually based on the bayside condominiums mainly because they tend to be a little bit smaller and cheaper. and mom wanted to rent somewhere for a month. But it's been incredible being here. We've been able to just sit on our patio. The pelicans come flying by. We've had a dolphin come down and feed in the canal right in front of us, which was really cool. And we have got, which is almost like a pet now, a big blue heron that comes every day to the patio to say hello. He's a little bit freaky. He's got the hugest orange beak. Um, he's got his beady eye on us. He's prone to pinching a little bit of food if he thinks he can get away with it, but he's quite good company and he comes and joins us while we're doing a bit of typing. There are just so many different birds and so many different wildlife spotting opportunities here. Not quite the same as in the dales. There's no sheep and there's no highland cows, but it is pretty cool. So, welcome into Bertiey's Nest, our home for the last 28 days, we thought we'd give you a little bit of a guided tour. So, if you follow me into the kitchen, because we're away for all of January, we prefer to hire apartments or condominiums because you get your um kitchen facilities. And for us, that's really important. We want to be able to eat healthily. We want to be able to live like we would at home. And it's a lot cheaper than trying to eat out all the time in America. And as far as kitchens go, this one has been really well supplied. We've even had a slow cooker. So, we've cooked ourselves a couple of different joints of um pulled pork and pulled chicken, which has been fab. We've really enjoyed staying in Bert's Nest. It's got everything that we need in here. It's got a dining area that we sit down to eat at every night. It's got loads of comfy sofas. All of them are lazy boys, which is amazing sitting down at night and just being able to put our feet up. Richard has got his own special chair that I'm sure he's going to show you later. >> Now, I'm no expert on Lazy Boy chairs, but I know that this one is a little bit special compared to the sofa ones. It's got a bit of rockability, so I can rock myself to sleep. I can grab this archaic handle and it goes to lying. And I can also recline back even further. I need one of these in my life. >> Being here in January, the weather can be really unpredictable. Like today, it's gone back down to about 8° and it's raining outside. Mom loves this summer room. She just comes and sits in here. She's got her iPad, she's got her Kindles, and she's just so happy and content chilling out. And it's really nice when it's too hot out there as well cuz you can open the doors, have the breeze coming in, but not have to be out in the sun. The other thing is mom definitely wanted a downstairs condominium this time because we actually get a balcony that we can come and sit out on and we spent lots of time out there with our big friend and getting on with our work. Yesterday it was 17°. Today it's just freezing. It's a great two-bed apartment. It's got one double on suite bedroom. With mom being older and wiser, she gets to pick which room she wanted and she doesn't like single beds. So, mom's had this room and it's got an advantage that it's got a nice bathroom in there for her. And this has been our bedroom for the last month. I love it because I've just been able to starfish and watch TV to my heart's content. And we've got our own little bathroom. I have banned Richard from doing any sort of rain my shower on this trip because it's not a campsite. So, that's it from our little glimpse into our life as a snowbird in Florida. Hope you've enjoyed just sort of seeing what we've been up to. The biggest thing that we've actually said to each other though is the difference that it's made to lift our moods. Just being somewhere with blue sky and sun. Um, you can't put a price on that. >> No, we felt it a little bit when we went to Thailand um pre Christmas a couple of years ago and just being able to break up that routine of winter. Just the the simple effect on our mood has been quite remarkable really, hasn't it? And one of the other things that has really surprised us. We know that we're in a fortunate position to be able to do this, but by being early retired, we do say it a lot that we're able to say yes so much more to opportunities. If we'd have been working, we wouldn't have been able to do this with Jackie's mom. We wouldn't have been able to come out for this amount of time. And it's just a whole series of opportunities that we can say yes to. So, the biggest thing we get probably really from our early retirement is freedom. Um, so what's coming up now? Because we're not going to have as much freedom, are we? >> No, we've got a really, really busy February. As soon as we get back, we've got a few days in the Dales and then we've actually got a little bit of a photo shoot. Um, we've got people coming up to get some images of us up in the Dales ready for the book. So, that's quite a strange experience for us. I don't think I've ever had a proper photo shoot. And then we're at the NEC for three days down in Birmingham where we're talking on the stage and then it's your birthday. What we've got lined up for your birthday. >> Well, in the strong tradition of the channel, um if you remember back to the summer for Jackie's birthday, we were hot footing it down to Shaman because that's where she wanted to uh spend her birthday. Uh, we finished the NEC on the Thursday and then in strong Jackie and Richard style, we've got a ferry booked for Friday and then we're driving down to the Alps because I wanted to spend my birthday on the slopes in the mountains and we've got a bit of an alpine adventure which is going to be nice because it's going to be in March and hopefully it's going to be a little bit warmer in the Alps. So, really looking forward to that. And we're making a big thing of your 55th birthday. Not just because you get your pension, which is a big enough thing to celebrate, but both of us had our 50th birthdays when it was locked down, so we couldn't do anything for them. So, yeah, this is going to be quite an exciting few months for us. >> Yeah. And you never know, after a dry January, Richard might just drink some more rosé. But we'll see how that goes. But that's it from us from sunny Florida. We will catch you sometime next week. See you later. Bye-bye. >> Bye.

- AFFORDABLE Winter Escapes For Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever heard of Brunswick, Georgia or Slidell, Louisiana? How about Mosquite, Nevada? Well, you might want to make note of them because these are just three of eight places that Kipingers just identified as affordable places for snowbirds to escape for the winter. The key word here, of course, is affordable. Affordable to one doesn't necessarily mean it's affordable to all. So, how did Kipingers decide that these eight places were affordable? Ultimately, Kipingers based its findings on the cost of living index, which is developed by the Council for Community and Economic Research. But it didn't just stop there. Its list was also based on warm weather and also plentiful housing options and also access to lots of activities that help keep you feeling young and access to good health care just in case you hit a rough patch while you're away. Maybe one of these places is just what you and your wallet have been looking for. If you've been on the hunt for a place that allows you to trade in your sweaters, your wool hats, your gloves for swimsuits and sunscreen and sunglasses year round, then one of these places may be just for you. You know the feeling when summer ends? You feel like you barely had time to enjoy your flipflops and your shorts when all of a sudden, here it is, winter once again. Believe it or not, there's a significant amount of Americans that fly south for winter. In fact, according to some major news outlets like Forbes and Vicasa, about 34% of Americans escape to warmer climates. More than 1 million people alone flock to Florida for the winter, which bumps up the Florida population by at least 5%. And that's probably a conservative number. But Florida is far from the only destination that people go to for the winter. So, let's check out these eight places that Kipingers has identified. see if one of them is fitting for you. Florence, South Carolina. With a population of just over 40,000, Florence is a city with a lively arts and theater scene. Its downtown revitalization in recent years has attracted new businesses. And in 2023, its downtown was awarded Great American Main Street. Florence's cost of living index, which remember the cost of living index was developed by the Council for Community and Economic Research, is 95 out of 100. Its average temperature during winter is 58°. There are six hospitals within 25 miles of Florence. And if you're looking to invest rather than rent, condos in Florence can be found for around 150,000 according to Zillow. Just a little bit further south is Brunswick, Georgia. With a population of only around 16,000, Brunswick is a charming coastal town with lots of outdoor activities. If you like fishing, boating, maybe even camping, then Brunswick may be for you. What makes Brunswick even more attractive is that it's close to some of the more popular resort areas such as Jackal Island and St. Simons, giving you even more opportunity for outdoor fun. And the Florida state line is only 34 miles away, so you can plan day trips to places like St. Augustine. The cost of living index here is 85 out of 100. And its average temperature during winter is 68°. There is one hospital within 25 miles of Brunswick. And that hospital offers acute care, cardiac rehab, and a cancer center. on Zillow. Condos and town homes in the area can go for around 300,000. Okay, so I guess when you're making a list of winter escapes, even affordable winter escapes, Florida has to be on the list somewhere. And in this case, Kipingers has identified Vero Beach, Florida. Vero is a haven for art lovers, whether it's exhibitions at its galleries and museums or performances and concerts at its theater. But that's not all that Vero has to offer. Since it is a coastal town, there are outdoor activities like fishing and boating. Vero itself has a population of around 16,000. Its average temperature in winter is around 77° and its cost of living index comes in at 93.4. Vero has four hospitals within 25 mi, but it is home to the Cleveland Clinic Indian River Hospital. This hospital offers preventative, primary, and acute care. According to Zillow, you can find condos in Vero for around 200,000. Now, we move to Slidell, Louisiana. This is small town Southern Charm with a population of around 29,000. The average temperature in winter there is around 69°. Slidell is only around 20 minutes from New Orleans, but you don't have to make the trip into the city to celebrate events like Marty Girl because Slidell has its own parades and its own festivals. And you'll find plenty of traditional Louisiana food here, too. Slidel is yet another coastal town on this list, so again, you'll have plenty of opportunity for outdoor fun. There are a whopping nine hospitals within 25 miles of Slidell and its cost of living index comes in at 99. Zillow shows twobedroom, two bath condos at around $200,000. Staying down in those southern tier states, the next stop is Northport, Alabama. Not everything has to be on the coast to be appealing, and Northport is proof of that. While it may not be directly on the coast, there's still plenty of waterways to enjoy for fishing and boating activities. Plus, there's plenty of culture here with parks and festivals and educational workshops. This is a town that boasts southern charm and lots of culture. With a population of around 38,000 and an average temperature in the winter of 50°, it's an inviting spot for retirees. Plus, there are two hospitals within 25 miles of Northport. Kipinger says the local vibe here is barbecue and college football. The cost of living index here is 91.7 out of 100. And while you can find affordable housing here, it does tend to get snapped up pretty quickly. Zillow shows that single family homes can be found here for around 300,000. If you're curious about any of the housing options that may be available in any of the areas that we've talked about so far, click on the link below. I've built relationships with some of the top agents across the country over the years. I'd be happy to discuss your exact situation, what your plans may be, and what areas you may have identified for retirement so I can match you with the right agent. This way, you can purchase your ideal home away from home sooner rather than later and start enjoying it right away. Okay, now we're moving a little further west to Mission, Texas. There's a lot to like about Mission, Texas. If you happen to be an avid bird watcher or you enjoy butterflies, Mission is home to the World Birding Center and National Butterfly Center. It's also close to the US Mexico border, so there's lots of authentic Mexican cuisine to try. In addition to all of this cool stuff, it's also known as the home of the grapefruit and it celebrates this annually at its Texas citrus fiesta. Mission has a population of around 83,000 making it the largest on Kiplinger's list, but that also means that it has more housing options for rent and for purchase. There are eight hospitals within 25 miles of mission providing a full range of services and care. Its cost of living index comes in at 80.9 out of 100. A little bit further to the west, we now move into Apache Junction, Arizona. If the southwest is more your style, then Apache Junction may just be the place for you. This town, inhabited by roughly 39,000 people, is surrounded by wilderness, giving you lots of opportunities for hiking and for riding horses. There's plenty of activities for retirees, including classes and fitness, but there's also a rodeo in February. And there's a local spot where Elvis fans can visit where the king filmed Calypso in the 1960s. The average winter temperature here is 57° and its cost of living index is 101.9. According to Zillow, you can invest in a home here for around $400,000. The big city of Phoenix is about 40 miles away, but there are 11 hospitals within 25 miles of Apache Junction. Kipinger's list rounds out with Mosquite, Nevada. Continuing with the desert theme, Mosquite offers you a place for exploration. This means there are several national parks and monuments around that make for great day trips. This includes places like Gold, Bryce Canyon, and the Grand Canyon's North Rim. Las Vegas is only an hour away. The population in Mosquite is around 20,000 and its average temperature in winter is 50 degrees. Pickle ball and golf are big activities here. Its cost of living index comes in at 97.6. There is only one hospital within 25 m and it offers around 25 beds, but St. George, Utah is not far away, and it has a much larger facility of 284 beds. According to Zillow, snowbirds can invest in a condo here for around $250,000. Deciding where to spend your winter months is more than just about the weather, although that is a large part of it. You should also be looking out for areas that offer social opportunities and ways to engage with other retirees. Spots that keep your mind and your body active. If one or more of these areas struck a chord with you, it may be best to rent there first to try it out. This way, you can decide if you'll be able to stay there for 3 months or maybe even longer. A trial run will also help you determine if you should invest and buy a place there, so that way you can easily return not only during the winter, but any time of the year that you need an escape. If you're wanting to learn more about life as a snowbird, check out this video here. Hopefully, it will give you some insight as to what snowbird life is like. Thank you for joining me. I'm Alicia Shivers. Until next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @donnymac575 [3 likes]: Good one 👍

- Where Retired Snowbird go in SE Asia: Kind: captions Language: en What happened, Dan, is Jimmy Buffett died and it's like, crap, he's not that much older than me and he had all the money and love in the world. Yeah. >> And so I thought, well, I better get going. Uh, do something else. It's just crazy luxury. I I live like a rock star now compared to what I do back home. You're still in touch with your old friends and stuff. You're still talking about the Vikings or whatever with my buddies. And that that's the biggest kick, Dan, I get out of of traveling is, you know, I'm here and I'm making new friends. I just love meeting new people. >> So, this is Dan of Vagabon Awake. And today we're lucky to have Cliff. Cliff? >> Yep. >> Go there. >> Yeah. Nice to meet you finally, Dan. >> Yeah. So, Cliff, um, what's your home country and and where are we sitting right now? >> Okay. So, I'm from Minneapolis, Minnesota, >> right? And uh we're sitting in Daang uh Vietnam, enjoying a nice uh one of many uh coffee shops in Vietnam. They have great coffee here. >> Oh, they do. It's the coffee culture, isn't it? >> Yes. >> So, uh how long have you been in in Vietnam? >> Well, uh about a week and a half. So, I I I'm living in Thailand this winter, but I had to do a visa run. When I come back, I'll have my uh retirement visa. >> Okay. >> So, I had to get it uh the paperwork addressed a certain way or whatever. So, and I wanted to come to Vietnam anyways. So, um I came to Hanoi, did some stuff around there. Then I came to Daang and then I go back tomorrow to um uh Hanoi and then goof around a little bit more and then fly back to Thailand. >> And you've um you've been to other countries, haven't you, since you left? >> Right. Right. So, I mean I I started late in late life traveling. So, I've been I'm not like you, but I've been to France, uh, Colombia, Mexico, Philippines, and Thailand, qual briefly. I think it's 30 of the states, but anyways, that that doesn't count, but what we're doing. >> Actually, it does count. I count that. I mean, it's just one country, but it's a beautiful one. So, are you slow traveling now or how do you or are you >> Well, country this how I'm going to try and explain it. >> Okay. So 10 years ago I transferred out to Hawaii to work and some people when they land in Hawaii they say I should have been born there. For me it was great, but you're a speck in the big Pacific Ocean and I got island fever after a year and I went back. But when I was on the flight back, I said that worked out really great because I I wish I was like a traveling nurse or engineer because they stay for 69 months somewhere, investigate it, make friends, you know, drill down, enjoy themselves, and then go go back home. And I like home just I want to be gone, you know, in the winter. I'm from Minnesota. So, um, and I love my friends and family and all that stuff back home. So that it was in my mind and now that I'm retired, that's kind of what I do. So I I I go to a country and I decide where I want to live and then I stay there 6 to9 months and uh and so every year I pick a different country. So uh you know there might be I I admire you that you do what you do, but that's kind of how I do. And then I I like to drill down a little bit more and make friends um with my neighbors and things like that. I'm a extrovert but I so I get off the energy of others. Right. So yeah. Yeah. >> And so you're sort of uh you're a snowbird that likes to try a new country every year. Is that >> right? Right. Right. So I've lived in my youth I lived in Phoenix which is great. In Florida of course that's the other place where a lot of motans go when they retire you snowbird but I kind of wanted more adventure than that. And uh and I love the lower cost too right. I mean, this morning I had a breakfast bami and, you know, a big tall, you know, latte for $2, you know, >> you can't even get a cup of coffee for $2 back in America. So, >> yeah, that's that's half off in America. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> Just for the coffee. No sandwich. Yeah. >> Right. >> Yeah. >> So, you're you're like a you're kind of like a slow traveler in that you when you go to a new country, you look for your favorite place there. So, you're moving around. Do you have a base there and then? >> Yeah. Yeah. So then that's my base and then I go from there to investigate other places within the region. Obviously it's no doesn't make sense to go somewhere else. Um like to Africa when you're staying here in the far east but yeah so it's kind of like this year I still have friends in the Philippines so I'll probably go back to the Philippines and visit some of them. Um I'm in Vietnam now. Uh well Cambodia of course we're at war with Thailand so I'm probably going to skip that. Laos maybe. Um so um oh and Bali I guess is on my checklist too. This and then the other thing too is so I'm a Minnesota Eskimo. So one of the things I want to check out is uh like even like Okinawa just to see if there's a place that's just a little bit cooler, you know, for me uh to hang out. Um subtropical is okay, but it's just a little bit hot for Minnesota Eskimo. But I can deal with it. But weather is a state of mind. >> Yeah, true. And if there's cool water nearby to jump in and AC and you stay out of trouble in the middle of the day, >> it's >> Well, Dan, this is the I'm staying by Paya this year, which you know, but I'm in Jump Tian Beach, which is about 20, 30 minutes away. I'm in a skyscraper and there's three infinity pools, the 30th, 40th, and 60th. There's a swim up pools in the ground floor with a bar. >> It's like living in a and it's right across from the beach, miles of white sand. Yeah. >> So, I'm going to be cool this winter. I I don't have to worry about the weather >> and ocean breeze. >> That's amazing. So, that's your base and then you're going to venture out from there. So, when does your as a snowbird, when does it begin and end? >> Well, this year I Yeah. >> So, a little history for me is I didn't plan on this, but it my neighbor rented out their place when they did a year sabbatical. So, I'm renting out I said, "Well, that's a good idea instead of just leaving my place empty." So, I'm renting my place and my tenant renewed. So, um, so anyways, uh, I thought this summer I would spend back home, but since he renewed, I I spent a couple months back in Minnesota, but it's like, well, I might as well come back out here. Plus, the inventory of uh places to find would probably be better. So, that real expensive place like Miami Beach, it would be probably 10,000 a month. I'm getting it for under 600 a month. And you know there's a restaurant, you know, coffee bar, you know, just it's a crazy luxury. I I live like a rock star now compared to what I do back home. I mean, although I'm nice back home, too, but >> Yeah. So So when you come to Southeast Asia and you stay in offseason, it's much cheaper. So what's the difference? Is it 600 in the winter and the summer? >> Yeah. I I signed a a lease until next May cuz I I plan to be here through next May. And then like I say, Minnesota, I really only want to be there in the summer months now. Uh I really my goal, although I it didn't work out this year. I don't want to ever feel less than 50° Fahrenheit again, but I I did 40s because I I went back too early. I went in April and so I I kind of got a taste of a little bit of cold uh back and I went to other places in the United States to visit friends. That's the other thing. I I go and I couch surf with friends and family and all over the country, you know, like I my friends in Hawaii, Northern California, Pennsylvania, you know, Tennessee. So that's good. Just curious, have you noticed that when you go back and you and you visit for a week or two uh that uh you if you will people are happier to see you than if you live across the street and you're there. >> Yeah. Yeah. I I you kind of like everybody there too, aren't you? >> Yeah. Yeah. Well, the nice thing with technology now is, well, I'm on Facebook and everybody kind of keeps up with me if they're on Facebook, right? >> Or you can text and call, you know, it's >> I can't imagine 20 years ago between Google Maps, Google Translate, but also this way you're still in touch with your old friends and stuff. You're still talking about the Vikings or whatever with my buddies, but but you know, I'm here and I'm making new friends. And out of of traveling. >> This ebook shares the three big mistakes that expats make when they retire overseas. To get a free copy, either scan this QR code with your smartphone or click the second link in the notes below this YouTube video. >> That That's the biggest kick, Dan, I get out of of traveling is I just love meeting new people. Just even recently on this trip I met made a friend. I don't know how how these will last but one's from Sweden. Three guys from Italy, Frenchman. When did this idea of being in a different place? When did this awaken in you? >> I remember one time I went to a party and I went I met this woman from Uruguay and and I said, "Well, when I retire, I'm thinking about doing this, so I'm going somewhere." And she said, "Go to Colombia." And I go, "I ain't going there with all those drugs and stuff." And she go, "No, no, they cleaned it up." And so that's what I did. I challenged myself and I went to Cardahia. >> And uh and actually I met a woman. I went down there two more times. I >> So uh so that was the first time and it's like yeah I I can do this. Got to take a leap of faith. And then of course looking at YouTube I I loo you and a number of other people. You're my favorite. I looked at what you guys were doing and it's like yeah you're showing me the way. You're clearing the you just even mentally giving me the confidence to go go for it. >> Yeah. Yeah. That's great. You're retired now, aren't you? >> Right. What before all of this happened, what were you thinking your retirement would be? >> You know, it's so funny. In my 60s, I've been the happiest ever, even when I was working in my 60s. So, it wasn't just about work, not working or whatever. But without work, you don't have that work headaches, you know, that kind of stress. Yeah. >> But but anyways, I like my job, but what happened, Dan, is Jimmy Buffett died and it's like, crap, he's not that much older than me, and he had all the money and love in the world. >> And so, I thought, well, I better get do something else and and enjoy my retirement and longevity doesn't run in my family jeans, but I'm going to change that. I I want to I don't want the party to end. This is a lot of fun. So So yeah, I just kept working for a long time. I didn't mind it and I had the best job ever at the end and they said, "Stay as long as you want, Cliff. We love you." So, but I it was time for me to go. >> Yeah. It doesn't sound like you regret it either. >> Uh no, no. Yeah, it's getting up that other five days around the weekend makes a difference, you know. >> So, yeah, have nothing. Sometimes it's challenge trying to think like, well, what can I do to be productive, you know, or, you know, I want to keep my brain sharp and stuff like that. So, but traveling kind of does that, right? I mean, we have to figure out stuff, you know, >> and and even with the like in Vietnam, there's less English, so you have to figure out what everyone's trying to communicate to you um >> without words. >> How do you do that? >> Well, pantomime, I I like to hear they often will show you the bill that you need to pay them. >> And uh and you know, you just try to take their cues, you know, um physical, you know, or whatever. Sit down or whatever. I don't know. Just Yeah. So it so it yeah and then there's of course Google translate but getting back to technology I don't see how people did this 20 years ago maybe when you started you know Google translate and Google maps it's just like wow that so much easier in life and then even booking things online you don't have >> so have you noticed much difference in safety in in the various places you've been what what are your thoughts about that >> yeah people uh often when I leave they go is it safe and I just laugh because American is the most dangerous place in the world. We have guns. There's crazy people on the street or or they're on fentanyl or whatever the heck drugs they're on. >> So, I've never had any issues except maybe over ambitious uh you know, vendors that are trying to hawk to you or something. Uh but but um that's about the worst case. And of course, I'm not out late anywhere back home or here, you know. Although the other night I I couldn't sleep and I went out and got some water at 1:00 in the morning. I just to the streets were empty and I didn't I felt safe. But anyways, I've never had an issue whatsoever uh with safety or where I've felt really concerned, >> right? >> And uh so and I think the Far East is probably safer than probably even Mexico or South America. >> You know, Colombia, I wasn't sure, but I had somebody showing me around, so it helped. >> Yeah. Um, I don't know. Yeah. >> But yeah, I don't I don't think safety is a >> issue at all. And if I was a woman traveler, I definitely feel safe in the Far East. I um >> You mean like Southeast Asia? >> Southeast Asia. Yeah. Yeah. >> When did you leave the US for the start in Mexico, was it? >> Yeah. So, I spent 6 weeks in Mexico the first time. Last year was the Philippines. This year will be Thailand, >> So, I'm almost 68 now. So, >> Oh, you look great. You look >> Yeah. Yeah. Older but no wiser. But >> so have you in any of these places, have you had a chance to go check out healthcare or dentist or >> Well, yeah. So in the Philippines, I uh had my teeth cleaned and I both times, different places, I had a dentist clean my teeth, not a hygienist, and they completely clean the teeth for like 25 bucks. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Thailand I've heard has good good medical stuff. Although I had my checkups when I was back home, so and I feel pretty good. So, I don't know what I would do, but um maybe go to a dermatologist. Sometimes I'm worried about, you know, you see little skin stuff because I'm fair skinned, but my Medicare supplement goes, it pays for emergencies when I'm out of the country. So, I figure I can selfund, you know, if I cut myself on coral or more likely a scooter accident, right? I mean, I'm a little worried about that sometimes. >> Wear a helmet. >> Yeah, I know. And here the It's nice to ride people. At least they give you one of those little toy helmets. >> If you go on uh Grab and get >> Oh, yeah. Grab. Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. They give you at least a courtesy helmet, so you got something, you know. But >> but uh yeah, so I'm tempted to get, you know, just some sort of insurance just to, you know, make sure my bases are covered. Uh maybe we can talk after this. You I think you have connections. But but uh anyways, the way my supplemental plan is supposed to go, if there's an emergency, they'll reimburse me. And I figure I can sell fun. I Everyone that's gone in has always been cheap. I Oh, I saw a doctor one time. I had a chest cold that wouldn't go away. And I And this was in the Philippines on one of the islands. And it was $8 to see the doctor. Just show up and doctor saw me. And then it was like $30 for the the meds. A lot of variables, but >> but uh most of the expats I rent are self-funded when they're overseas. Some keep their Medicare and just go home for checkups every other year. or whatever. >> I just have that as my security blanket. You know, if >> something really did go bad wrong, I I suppose I'd go home cuz, you know, I'd have family and friends to take care of me and all. >> Absolutely. >> Does this seem permanent for you and for how long? Like how long will you be a snowboarder? >> Oh, that's a good question. Um, I told my renter, I actually bumped into him this last summer. We had a beer, but uh he's a good guy. He's from Canada, but and he's a good tenant. Did you hear that Jamie if you're watching this? But uh but I said, "Hey, why don't you do this for the next 10 years?" Cuz he renewed, you know, and I and uh but I I thought about 5 years and then going to that, you know, slowgo where I I go to one of my favorite spots. But now I'm I'm feeling pretty good about it. So I want to do this at least 10 years. My goal is keep myself healthy and I'm trying to exercise. I have nothing else to do. So in the morning now I'm walking, you know, an hour or two every day. >> Oh, wow. Great. at the new condo. They got a big gym and so I'll probably do some weights I suppose. I've never done weight training but I'll do in it shows but going to try and do it. >> Yeah, >> because you know you atrophy over time with age but um anyways uh yeah so I next 10 years I'm almost 68 so 78 80 then maybe slow down a little bit you know at some point father time always wins. I but but I'm going to fight it to the end. You're going to milk that cow as long as the milk's coming out. >> Finish this sentence for me. Um, don't slow travel if you think it's going to be >> easy. Nothing's easy in life. You don't get away with even when you're retired, you don't get away with problems in life. >> So, there's always going to be problems you have to which that's the challenge in life is to to figure out problems and solve them. >> Yeah. Uh but yeah, it's it's not easy, but but slow traveling I think is a seeing other areas is just wonderful. It works out perfectly for me. It might not for everybody. Uh I can live with um the unknown and then also I have a an advantage. I can make friends easy. So I'm I can meet somebody on the bus stop or on a tour and I can become friends with them. So >> yeah. Yeah. do slow travel or do live this snowboard snowboard lifestyle. Uh if if you're looking for adventure, new friends. >> Yeah. That's I can't imagine the fun things that I've done, you know, versus just staying home and doing the things I've done. I do a lot of fun things back home, don't get me wrong, and I love tailgating with my friends at ball games and stuff, but I've done that many times. So, this is all new, you know, it's just all new adventures. Um and I and again I I get a kick out of meeting people. So um when I make a new friend that that feels good to me. >> Some people are motivated by uh going towards something and other people are motivated by going away. Do you feel like you're going towards something with this lifestyle? >> Yeah, I think more to towards and away because I noticed some uh expats last winter where I was living, they really wanted to uh beat up the home country or whatever. And to me, it's like, well, first, Minnesota is always regarded as a happy, good place to live. Yeah. So, I'm blessed that way. So, I don't have anything bad about really say about the states, except maybe our politics is crazy. But, but other than that, you >> I like I like where I'm from. So, I'm not and I love my, you know, my kids and my family. I feel a little bit guilty about leaving my grandkids behind because they of course change so much within six months, a year. >> Yeah. But um but other than that, it's I so I'm running too. I I want to run towards adventure and and new experiences before, you know, I want to have fun before I die. >> Yeah. Does it make you feel in some ways more alive when you're in all these places you've never been? And >> yeah, I would I think so. I mean, it it makes a better cliff. Um you know, when you get into just the grind and routine or something, it it kind of seems boring a little bit to me. So, >> you know, I've been down many streets back home, but this is often like right here today. It's like, "Oh, this is new." >> You know, I never been here before. This is kind of nice. >> Yeah. I remember um a good example for me is even when I've been in a town for a few years, when I'm going to go somewhere and I decide I'm going to walk, >> I'll walk a different path every time. I'll see a different house or a different cat on a roof or >> some funky mailbox or something. I'll just notice stuff around me. But if I walk that same path, same path every day, I'm just in my head thinking about what I have to do, everything else. Yeah. So, >> yeah, >> for me, that's I think living overseas has really given me >> um I don't know, it's like a constant learning experience somehow. And >> Right. Right. >> It's uh it's really like you said, it is challenging, but you know, figure out where you're going to live and where you're going to eat your next meal and all that stuff when you're in a new city. >> Yeah. But it's also what makes it interesting, you know? It's just figuring out all that stuff. >> It's uh it's a lot of fun. >> And and sometimes like where I live now uh this week right across the street there's a street vendor out of her house or whatever. And so I've gotten, you know, she doesn't speak that much English, but you know, we we wave and we smile to each other, you know, so we're building some sort of bond even though, you know, >> You know, in a day or two I'll never see her again in the rest of my life. So >> a smile goes a million miles all over the world, doesn't it? >> So Cliff, I really want to thank you for coming on the channel and sharing your story. Oh, >> you bet. >> We really appreciate it. >> All right. Thanks, Dan. Nice to meet you. All right. Byebye. >> Bye-bye, everyone. [Music] [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @Michael-u5c5x [6 likes]: Cliff is so nice. His desire to meet and make new friends is inspirational.
  2. @jshepard152 [5 likes]: Minneapolis to Da Nang.  Now there's a weather adjustment.
  3. @renemontenegro6143 [5 likes]: I DID THE SAM 6 MONTHS A YEAR OVERSEAS AND 6 MOMTH IN THE USA, LOVE IT
  4. @VagabondAwake [3 likes]: 𝗗𝗮𝗻’𝘀 𝗙𝗥𝗘𝗘 𝗘-𝗕𝗢𝗢𝗞→ Avoid Three Biggest Mistakes Expats Make
https://vagabondbuddha.com/avoid-mistakes/

𝗗𝗮𝗻’𝘀 𝗥𝗲𝘁𝗶𝗿𝗲 𝗖𝗵𝗲𝗮𝗽 𝗥𝗲𝗽𝗼𝗿𝘁𝘀 𝗪𝗼𝗿𝗹𝗱𝘄𝗶𝗱𝗲☆★☆ 
https://vagabondbuddha.com/

𝗗𝗮𝗻’𝘀 𝗥oad Map to Freedom Overseas (Retire Overseas Course)☆★☆ 
https://vagabondbuddha.com/courses/the-retire-overseas-course/

𝗗𝗮𝗻’𝘀 𝗛𝗼𝘄 𝘁𝗼 𝗠𝗮𝗸𝗲 $$$ 𝗢𝗻𝗹𝗶𝗻𝗲 𝘄𝗶𝘁𝗵 𝗬𝗼𝘂𝗿 𝗛𝗼𝗯𝗯𝘆 𝗖𝗼𝘂𝗿𝘀e
https://vagabondbuddha.com/courses/the-hobby-income-course/

What kinds of risks are you taking if you move overseas?
https://vagabondbuddha.com/our-liability-disclaimer-the-risk-is-on-you/
  5. @scottk568 [3 likes]: Looking great for 68!
  6. @danielrichards9783 [3 likes]: Cliff is Minnesota nice. Reminds me of good friend there. I admire his adventurous side. Love to hear about life in Okinawa.
  7. @thomasgoodland2408 [2 likes]: Good positive guest.  Glad he's enjoying all the choices.
  8. @busydad7652 [2 likes]: Snowbirding is exactly what I'm looking to do as I retire in 2026. Spend December to mid May (5.5 months) in South east Asia, then home in the UK for 6.5 months. Maintain my access to the NHS and keep my state pension increases each year. Nomad insurance is cheaper than a private health plan...
  9. @jr.6199 [1 likes]: He says "America is the most dangerous country in the world"....FALSE not even close to your beloved Columbia. Promoting travel is one thing but to put down the US is just expat old fashioned ignorance.
  10. @peterandretta8328 [1 likes]: I want this guy’s T-shirt. And after watching this interview, I got a strong feeling that this is going to be me in about seven years.😂
  11. @TravellingMan20 [1 likes]: Another enjoyable interview with a very likeable guest, thanks  guys.  I enjoy your channel most Dan , because like me, you are always on the  move instead of always  in one  place. You always provide good detailed information on each place also.
  12. @ianpatrick23 [1 likes]: What an amazing story
  13. @WallaceDunn: Your eskimo side won't like the HEAT of Thailand. I live in the desert in Texas, and it's cool compared to Thailand! Great video.
  14. @norrisbethke7770: Always interesting to see what motivates people 🤷🏽‍♂️
  15. @Sofaguy101: Cliff your home base sounds like the Copa..Been there for 2 months in 2024 then 2 months at the Ocean Drive in 2025...Love the tower condos with amenities..
Returning this year willing to try a different one..
  16. @gordonthomson3070: Best of both worlds
  17. @BEGAN0: I’ll be 62 next year and love watching your videos. It’s giving me the courage to retire outside the USA as a single person
  18. @jimcunningham61: Dan unfortunately going back a few months a year is not an option, and I’m ok with that I’m here to stay and give it a shot
  19. @Analog_nomad01: He should try the Balkans! Albania is cooler than SE Asia.
  20. @fmdataanalyst: I guess if you are from Minneapolis you might think the USA in general is dangerous since the murder and violent crime rate is 3x the national average😆

- Quiet Places in Florida to Retire on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en did you know there are beautiful quiet and affordable towns in Florida where you can retire on just $2,000 per month with its expansive beaches Picture Perfect oceans and amazing summer weather Florida looks like the perfect place to kick back and enjoy retirement but being the ninth most expensive state to live in according to CNBC and the most moved to state in 2024 it's not exactly renowned for being budget friendly or quiet yet amid high rent and Rising gas prices lies a handful of budget friendly gems that allow retirees to enjoy the sunshine state without the Skyhigh price tag today on across the globe we're going to take you through 10 beautiful places in Florida to retire on a budget 10 Flagler Beach Flagler Beach is the perfect example of a quiet Beach town in Florida located just between Daytona Beach and St Augustine it's a true Hidden Gem on Florida's East Coast the first thing that will strike you about Flagler Beach is just how pretty it is the beaches are golden and kept clean year round the oceans are deep blue Untouched by pollution and litter and the town itself is also very well built and likewise remains clean and well-kept the residents of Flagler Beach respect the beauty of the area by living a quiet and laid-back Lifestyle the town's low crime rate reflects this easy going attitude living here is also extremely budget friendly in fact the average cost of living here is $2,385 per month if renting that's nearly $1,000 less per month than the national average job opportunities aren't exactly in abundance here however if you're a retiree that's the last thing that you need to worry about and it shouldn't attract from the Allure of this town nine carabel situated on the carabel river in the Gulf of Mexico the small fishing town of carabel has all the attributes of a perfect retirement destination for one carbel's Community is nothing short of fantastic everyone knows everyone here and residents will always stop by to have a chat before getting on with their day but they won't keep you up at night with blaring music or shouting matches and while there's not loads to do here carabel will certainly entertain any nature-loving retiree whether it's days on the water or leisurely walks through the neighboring national parks and forests the town has everything the outdoor Enthusiast could wish for and to top it all off carbel's cost of living is extremely low the average cost of living per month when renting is just $2,360 which is more than affordable for most retirees the only thing to note about carabel is that it does get a little busier in the summer due to tourist visiting however the streets don't get as crowded as other towns in the area and it remains pretty quiet even during Peak months eight India Atlantic the coastal Gem of India Atlantic is another excellent place for nature-loving retirees to call home situated between the Indian River Lagoon and the Atlantic Ocean Indian Atlantic sits on top of one of the most beautiful stretches of beaches in the entire state with White Sands a deep blue ocean and some of the best sunsets you'll ever see days in indiatlantic are spent on the beach or walking through the neighboring grass Plains before heading into the Town Center for a meal from a locally run restaurant and with a population of just 3,16 India Atlantic stays quiet and low key year round the people also generally reflect the laid-back atmosphere and respect the overall Tranquility of the area but by far the best part of indiatlantic is just how cheap it is to live here the average cost of living per month is just $2,312 for renters which is nearly half of the state's average seven Melbourne Beach Melbourne Beach located on the east coast of Florida has all of the ingredients to be the perfect town for retirees to retire in peace for one Melbourne Beach's Community is tight-knit peaceful and extremely friendly this is reflected in the low crime rate in which no homicides rapes or robberies have been reported in recent years in addition Melbourne Beach is one of the cheapest places in Florida to call home the average rent price for instance is $1,470 per month which is about 6.1% cheaper than the state average in fact Allin living here is going to cost you $2,312 per month finally there are actually plenty of things to do to pass your days away here whether it's exploring Coconut Point Park visiting Melbourne Beach pier or simply taking a walk along the coastline this town will always keep you occupied and if you ever do get bored Orlando isn't too far away six denan located in Florida's Gulf Coast denan is one of the biggest towns on this list with a population of about 35,000 nevertheless the town perfectly Blends the convenience of a bigger city with The Rustic charm of a rural Town making it an ideal place for any retiree perhaps denon's most attractive quality is its location living in Duneden you're just a short drive away from a bustling downtown with more activities than you could ever explore yet drive out of the city and you'll find blue oceans Rich forests and even large cities like Tampa and while it's certainly a bigger town denan still offers a small town charm thanks to the small neighborhoods that surround the main city the neighborhoods here have their own tight-knit communities and are perfect for the peace-seeking retire interestingly Denon is also one of the safest places for retirees to call home as it's almost completely sheltered from hurricanes and to top it all off dedon is a very cheap place to call home with housing 16% cheaper than the national average the overall cost of living is also about 3% lower than average figures five pona Inlet nestled between Orlando beach and Wilbur by the Sea pona Inlet is a hiden gem that doesn't attract tourists yet perfectly captures the beauty of Florida's Coastline pona inlet's Community is ideal for any retiree the people are friendly and will look out for one another but they also won't intrude on your day-to-day activities and pester you at every turn being a coastal town pona inlet's activities are heavily nature oriented expect to spend most of your days soaking up the sun on a beach or walking through a local Forest before refueling at a local coffee shop and capping the night off early as for the cost of living pona Inlet is also ideal and living here will s you back just $2,287 per month if you rent Four Port St Lucy located at the midpoint between Miami and Orlando and nestled on Florida's Treasure Coast Port St Lucy is a Charming Town perfect for any newly retired individual looking for a place to call home out of all of the towns on this list Port St Lucy might just have the most attractive Community for a retiree why over a third of its population are above the age of 60 thus any retired individual will fit right in and be able to find new friends to enjoy retired life with and thanks to the cheap cost of living you'll have more than enough money left over each month to indulge in in fact Allin Port St Lucy's average cost of living is about 4.4% cheaper than the state average with that said you should be able to comfortably live here for under $2,500 per month if you're renting three Indian Harbor beach one of the most Charming towns in Florida Indian Harbor Beach also happens to be one of the best for retirees to settle down what makes Indian Harbor Beach so Charming is the main Town Center it's full of quaint locally run restaurants and cafes and quirky little shops full of literally everything you could think of this town is also incredibly quiet thanks to the friendly Community who respects the Peace of the area thus you can enjoy your days in peace and go to bed without having to shut every window to keep the noise out crime is virtually non-existent here with just eight crimes being committed for every 1,000 residents therefore you won't have to worry about safety when living here as for the cost of living Indian Harbor Beach is surprisingly cheap and per month you can expect to spend about $2,300 $12 on basic living costs this will leave you with more than enough at the end of each month to Splash out on a few local restaurants two Port St Joe another excellent little Coastal gem for any retiree to consider is port s Joo it's beautiful safe and most importantly affordable port s Joe overlooks Florida's northwest coast and most of the town's personality revolves around the water restaurants serving locally caught Seafood Oceanic themed shops you name it if it's aquatic themed it's probably in Port St Joe the community here is pretty laid-back and friendly and due to the relatively low population of 3,357 it feels like everyone knows everyone this makes for a great atmosphere for retirees who want to feel part of a larger Community the crime rate in Port Sano is particularly low in fact just six crimes are committed per 1,000 residents with crime rates like this you can walk pretty much Wherever Whenever without worry living in Port St Joe is also incredibly cheap costing $2,214 for a single person per month one Cedar Key situated in Levy County the rural town of Cedar Key is the perfect place to retire on a budget with a population of less than 700 it's safe to say that Cedar Key is the smallest town on this list it's also one of the most quaint with most most of its buildings being built on top of the water Cedar Key is also undeniably beautiful and captures the essence of Florida's natural charm perfectly it's not an understatement to say that you could spend years just looking out over the water yet despite its beauty Cedar Key remains tucked away and relatively unknown to tourists helping the town to remain quiet clean and untouched year round and out of all of the places we've mentioned so far Cedar Key is by far the most affordable the average cost of living is just $220 per month which is less than half of the state average therefore by living here you'll have a far greater disposable income to enjoy the beauty of Florida and won't need to worry about money during those stressfree years of your life what about some of the other quiet and undiscovered coastal towns in the US

  Top Comments:
  1. @jfitzsimmons4825 [6 likes]: Retired at 55 in 2007, widowed, bought a 2/2 concrete wall villa $62500 in central FL., owned the land. HOA $246/mo included pool, lawn, trash, cable, water. The secret to living on $20-26k/yr is to own your home and car.
  2. @CW-yj8ce [2 likes]: I’ve been in SE FL for 20 years. Started in Miami-dade then Broward and now plan to move to Space Coast. I commute 2 hrs daily for work. I’ve been migrating up north due to cost, traffic and  crowds.  More north, more green space so perfect when I retire and don’t need to head into work.  Housing cost has ~triple past few years for most in FL due to catastrophic damage from hurricanes and flooding plus condos are affected by Surfside collapse.  I had a paid off condo and my housing cost use to be ~$4-5k per year but now closer to $13k not including our assessments and they plan on more assessments in future.  We had a $500-800 increase on HOA per month ~2 years ago.  Homestead exemption is a great thing when home prices spiked after the pandemic.  For those with a paid off homestead home with low property taxes and lower insurance due to not being in a risk zone, it can be affordable. Now you need everything to line up including not being dropped by your home insurance before the hurricane season or any major home, car or health issues to be able to get by on 2.5k/month.
  3. @johnholbrook6042 [2 likes]: In Frostproof area. If 55+ a person can live under $2k/month. Pay your Tithes & Offerings also. My lot rent is $550/month.  Budget $500/food. Then insurance on car & motorcycle & other miscellaneous $ makes around $2k. And this place has swimming pool, fitness room, billiard room, club house, recreation house, pickleball, etc & a lot of activities that will keep a person entertained & active if they desire.  Now if i had a woman.... wouldn't be able to do it. Those are the ones saying it cant be done and they are correct. Need at least 2 & mostlikely 3 times $2k if you have a woman.
  4. @paradiselover7580 [1 likes]: Cedar Key gets wiped out by hurricanes every few years.
  5. @nationalnotes [1 likes]: I live pretty well in South Florida on $25,000 per month.
  6. @KB3TLE [1 likes]: Won't be for much longer !   GREED will soon eliminate  all of those also.   The country is doomed and inflation is out of control !!!    GENTRIFICATION will soon eliminate these you mention as people are on the move and seeking financial relief frantically trying to avoid homelessness ?  GREEDY  landlords will see to it that prices will continue to go beyond what people can afford !   It has become the culture in this country now.  - - -  People old enough for SS on low income budgets need to be looking at S E Asia to avoid on the street living here in the US !
  7. @jameskelly9243: Florida resident here...He's so wrong
  8. @neftysturd: This video is BS
  9. @robbinanncoronado8610: So beautiful lol I can't wait to move to Florida ❤
  10. @97warlock: uh          NO           ...... ALL  are on the coast.         Pass
  11. @tonychappell7981: Just did a quick search on a few of these places and am seeing rents of 3 and 4 K an up.
  12. @paradiselover7580: Florida full of snakes, bears, alligators, lizards, coyotes, flooding and hurricanes. Only affordable if you want to live in a refrigerator box.
  13. @Jim-bh7gs: Florida? No way. Too hot, too humid, too many hurricanes,nutty politics, too many MAGAts.
  14. @seanoleary1979: You're not living ion Cedar Key for $2K..... Even with the place wiped out from Ian, Milton, et al, they STILL try to gouge you when you're there!
  15. @DreamLifeinAmerica: Where does Trump live in Florida?
  16. @SandraByers-n4u: I can’t get by here anymore with my husband as we are retired
  17. @Mia1956-s8n: Retired in NY, moved to FL in 2011.  BIG MISTAKE.  Hate it here.  Nothing to do except drugs & sex.  FL is the heroin / fentanyl capital of the world.  Cheating is rampant and people kick their kids out of the house (starting at age 13) when their "boyfriend or girlfriend" moves in.  Most cops are corrupt and most people suck here.  Snakes / spiders everywhere, easily get in your house.  One of the worst states for medical and education in the country;  about 30+ yrs behind NY.  Best doctor in FL -- a plane ticket out.  Heat is horrendous, hurricanes are worse.  It's a crime to feed homeless.
  18. @lindasolis7543: It's very expensive to live in Florida
  19. @jerryf4806: What a nonsense untrue presentation……genuinely stupid.😖
  20. @user-mr2eo9we3n: Don't do it. There are so many other states that offer so much more. And you won't have to flee from hurricanes and if you're lucky your home is still standing, can you physically handle cleaning up fallen trees, patching a roof, or clean up flooded home while wheeling around in a wheelchair or with a walker. Auto insurance is high. Traffic is horrid. Its a great place to visit but living here is much harder than people know. We are constantly in emergency prepping mode. Constantly keeping things organized and on standby. Rent used to be 500 and shot up for the same place to $1,700. New homes were $150k same homes are now $500k and up. Trust me, please dont retire here. Im here because Im caring for family or I would be somewhere else. Nobody is truly friendly, nosey yes but not friendly. They only accept you if you are wealthy and if they can benefit from what you have to offer

- Is It Better to Rent or Buy a Second Home as a Snowbird?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hey welcome everyone to another video and we sure hope you find this one helpful too so let's get right to it in this video we want to lay the groundwork so you can decide where you're going to live rent or travel to in your future retirees they often sell their homes and move to another state or sometimes keep both locations becoming Snowbird which we know what that word stands for most of that decision is based around three common reasons your heart your health and your kids and let me explain all three by heart simply put it's it's maybe it's been a long time desire to move to a certain area that you've fallen in love with but the last chapter in your life has really kept you Tethered to where you've been maybe it's been your job your family your friends or all the above whatever the case this next chapter of your life may no longer have those constraints let's talk about your health hey it's not a shocker here that as most of us get older president company included we find colder climates more challenging and our joints thank us whenever we find anything remotely warmer than what it is in in the north um let's talk about our kids where are your kids going to land and settle down where are their careers taking them do you want to follow them or at least one of them in order to stay involved and close to their lives and maybe a fair question would be whether or not your kids want mom and dad that close to them hopefully the answer is whatever you need it to be but there are other things to really consider that most people Overlook at first glance when moving so let's talk taxes remember that the state you reside in is the state you pay taxes in are you moving to a more favorable state or a less favorable state kiplinger.com has a very helpful state-by-state tax map that I enjoy showing clients has all the different color codes to see where the best places to move for that reason is remember that all states collect taxes from various different pieces of your life there's income tax local tax sales tax syntax which is like Alcohol Tobacco real property taxes does your state tax Social Security payments that you're getting will it tax your pension or your other retirement plans there's motor fuel tax and inheritance taxes the key is to know that this state you're considering that you're moving into how will it vary compared to the one you're leaving so if you don't you don't want to get hit by any surprises I hate surprises unless there's a cake and candles involved uh one more item I'll toss out there for you to consider is voting yeah I know that this has certainly been a hot topic of late but the reality is that it's seldom a deciding factor for anybody but it is true that you'll be voting in the States you reside in so just keep that in mind if that's an important thing to you uh and speaking of that like some of these things may be important to you or maybe not but I just at least want to again not have you have any surprises and put this information out there for you to understand hey if I'm you right now I'm probably thinking Bob why are you telling me all this I it's freaking me out and I'm getting less interested in watching this video or even moving to another state don't freak out I only want you to realize what many people don't and that is that for every move you make there's a consequence a resulting action or condition now these can be Pros or they can be cons our role as advisors is to load you up on as many as the pros as we can and to reduce or eliminate the cons in other words we want to tip to scales in your favor now does that mean that the next step is to pick a spot and make an offer on a place no now my next idea may not be as exciting and Theatrical as maybe Gathering up your family at the holidays and announcing we're out of here come visit us at a new place if you get a chance not at all this idea though however it just might save you from making a bad decision that you find yourself stuck in a difficult situation that you can't get out of and that idea and recommendation is to test drive your potential locations now I've alluded to this in another video at least one more but maybe pick your top two or three spots and arrange for some Extended Stays in those communities first before you move there stay for more than a few days try two or three weeks remember my cousin Vinnie when uh Joe Pesci thought he had a great hotel until the giant loud train whistle I woke him up at like 5 A.M uh then they moved him out to a cabin in the woods he thought he was gonna be great but the wildlife made so much noise he couldn't get any rest there either my point is that sometimes it's not about what's in the brochure or the Realtors sales agreement it's about the intangibles it's about the things that you can't know until you experience them for example is it the culture and the environment down there that you're seeking how easy is it to get around to the Places You'll need to go to regularly like grocery stores regular stores beaches pools restaurants medical facilities that's very important can you uh meet people and make friends there how easy or difficult would it be for your family and your friends to come visit you there so now let's assume that you have reviewed all those things I talked about and have a really focused uh Vision on a section of that map and you plan on carving out a piece of something at this ideal location that you can claim as your own and feel comfortable at right so what's the next step well there's a million factors that still go into your own personal decision about about this whole process but let's stick to just the numbers for now and then you can pile on all that personal stuff on top of the math I like to suggest you start with how much time you're going to plan on spending at this new location is this going to be a complete move from one place to the next or are we talking snow bird stuff here like two or three months maybe more than that if we're talking a complete move from where we are today to another state then we have a list of things that you really need to consider but before I list some of those most the most important ones let me give you my spoiler alert right it almost always comes down to cash flow you don't want to sell too many of your assets in order to move into your new home only to become super tight on your monthly income then you find yourself living in your dream location with not enough money to experience all the things that made you choose it in the first place so the secret here is to strike a good balance with all these decisions here that we're talking about so let's start with the big ones the price of the new home be careful you don't over purchase right I'll just leave it at that number two the cost of living activities in that Community to do all the fun stuff you want to do number three purchase options do you want to finance this deal or pay it with cash level number four is where do you find that cash or that money do you need to sell your home to sell Investments your retirement plan distribution or out of your cash flow let's dive deeper into those purchase options with what I think are very key points for you to consider one equity in your current home most likely you've lived there longer than one year and hopefully you've paid down all if not most of your mortgage so if that's the case that's fantastic that means that your gains on your current home will probably be long term and you will likely have uh most if not all of them exempt from tax so that means more money in your pocket and you'll have that to pay as a down payment on this new location or maybe it pays for the whole new home another thing to think about is current interest rates now we've seen a ton of movement on home mortgage loans of late so you really know you have to be careful here right most advisors are fans of some financing if it makes sense again it depends on your other assets and where those monies are invested already but with an environment where rates are actively moving as they have been you need to pay attention to the fixed or the variable loans and all the bells and whistles and all the fees that accompany those things let's talk about liquidity and often overlooked item is liquidity this depends almost solely on where you're moving to and what I mean by liquidity is whether or not you can get out of that new dream location if something changes this is a legit item that we're talking about here even if you picked the perfect place and the perfect home or condo sometimes life throws you that curveball right your spouse passes away or you physically can't manage that home or that condo on your own or your children need you closer to them whatever may come your way we can't predict it but is your new home fairly sellable is it marketable if you needed to move in three to six months would you take a huge hit or at least would you be able to get what you paid into it back out if you're not talking about buying a place but you're instead merely renting for now doing the snowbird thing maybe a few months out of the Year well that simplifies this thing a bit more now you're looking at a pure expense versus an investment so this is all about cash flow and I'm actually a fan of this process especially at the beginning of your retirement and especially if you didn't have a chance to test drive a few different locations like I talked about earlier so remember though if you're doing the snowbird thing then this is really almost like an interview process where you're searching for the right fit and that fit would be the location so even though you're you're technically still uh vacationing while you're doing that this way it's kind of like a vacation on steroids right so some key elements are different here that you're going to be considering in order to get off to the right start a couple examples of that would be number one real estate right location location location location we all know that part what about the amenities of the place you're staying at or you're looking at what about the safety in that kind of an area and how about the general Community does it feel safe does it feel inviting is it is it putting out the Vibes that you're looking for think about your mail this is temporary right but you're gone for a couple months who's forwarding your mail where's it going um what about your health care often overlooked will your insurance cover you when you're at this new location for that time uh what about your computer your bills your TV your Wi-Fi your cell phones all that stuff what's happening with your house back home people forget about that right you need to set something up with your mail who's checking in the house uh would you rent it Airbnb that's an option depending on where you live and what you're looking for little things like raking leaves and snow removal all important stuff and keeping the heat on keeping the lights on again this is less about negotiating a big purchase and moving and more about having enough cash flow to pay for the luxury you're living in two different locations many retirees start off renting for a month or two and then they find those two months growing into three or four months and maybe eventually becoming a permanent move that's just fine nothing has to be done has to be done all at once or overnight take your time and find the right answer I've been doing this for over 24 years now I've seen people thrive in their retirement using these methods and options but I've also seen people reach too far and get out over their skis before realizing it be careful how you proceed if you're considering decisions like this there's just a lot of moving Parts again don't let all this info scare you away though millions of people do this on a regular basis but the ones who look before they leap usually have a much better outcome don't make your retirement more stressful do your research run the numbers as always if you'd like to hit that easy button and have one of our Stone House advisors do it for you just contact us today and let us show you we're pretty good at it uh so thank you for listening to this whole video I hope it was super helpful and if we can make any part of your life a bit easier please reach out to us that's what we do here at Stonehouse

  Top Comments:
  1. @HaroldSimmons-mf3ep [32 likes]: The snowbird lifestyle sounds amazing, but I’m torn—should I rent or buy a second home? Prices are high, interest rates are up, and I don’t want to make a costly mistake with my retirement savings.
  2. @Sherri1971US [8 likes]: Why elders will want to have two places. Seems to stressful.
  3. @markp.7165 [6 likes]: Good information. In addition to what you suggested I'd like to share something I actually heard years ago on the radio but I can't remember who said it but it makes a lot of sense. He said some people consider buying an investment property in let's say a beach community in another state and renting it out in hopes on eventually moving there. He believed that you would be better to buy that investment property in your own community or close by and using the income from that to travel and as you said to test the water in multi locations before you make that long term commitment. What do you think? Does that make sense?
  4. @midwestron8576 [5 likes]: Rent.  Only way to go.  Write one check.  No hassles with upkeep.  If something happens like health, you just cancel and come back the next year.
  5. @curtandoscar [5 likes]: Thank you.  Very informative and though provoking.
  6. @flyingthesails [4 likes]: Very informative video.  Can you tell me, what do Snowbirds do about protecting their second home from Squatters?  Seems to be a lot of that happening lately with people coming home to find it occupied by someone without permission.
  7. @5metoo [4 likes]: Great advice!
  8. @peterbedford2610 [2 likes]: Even without a mortgsge, cost of carrying is kinda steep most places in the US.
  9. @MyLifeThai371 [2 likes]: To stressful to have 2 places.  Just keep your house and rent in Cambodia or the Philippines.  Cambodia is only $55/month to rent a nice room with A/C.  Siquijor, Philippines it is only $40/month to rent an entire house.  Visas are easy as well.  Cambodia is the $180, 1 year visa.  Philippines is $31/month for a tourist visa.
  10. @joshlowell3075 [2 likes]: So the title of the video is should you buy or should you rent? The video was more about things to consider in buying or moving but its it doesn't address nor answer the qustion of Should you buy or should you rent.
  11. @christinec8818 [1 likes]: Very helpful. Thank you.
  12. @ChillWill-q5x: Remember, many millions before you already had this idea and got there first.  They have made the rules to profit from them, come on in.   🙂
  13. @MandatoryMyocarditis7: @2:15, not sure how Texas is rated as a tax unfriendly state. It has no state income tax on social security, nor tax on IRA-401K withdrawals or pensions.

- Snowbird Success - 7 expert TIPS for a REMARKABLE Retirement!: Kind: captions Language: en It's finally happened. It's cold and it's rainy and I think summer is over for the year for us. We may get a couple of nice days, but it's cold and it's rainy and it's fall where I live. And and so that gives me thoughts of going down south for the winter. And I know for the next few months, thousands and thousands of us people that live in the north, that live in the cold, snowbirds, will escape their snowy cold winters to go somewhere warm. And so in today's video, I just want to talk about some lessons that I've learned being a snowbird. And I'd love to hear from you if there's any other lessons that you have learned that will help anyone else in their snowbird journey. I'm Bransky. This is Life Starts at Retirement. produce a retirement lifestyle video every Monday morning. Now, the first thing that I've learned is to choose a place that reflects your lifestyle very carefully or reflects the lifestyle that you want to have. When we first started going down south, we couldn't go for long. It started, you know, two to three weeks at a time and then went to maybe five and six weeks. But we chose a place in Oldtown Scottsdale where it was fun, it was exciting, we could walk to all these bars and restaurants. It was a party atmosphere and we loved it. It was just perfect for that stage of our lives. But now that we're able to go down longer, we've chosen just a little bit different. We're in a retirement community now because those are the types of things and and the types of not types of people, but the people in the same stage of life as us, and we'll have a lot in common with them. So, we want to now be able to join clubs, go to group functions. They have concerts where we're going. It's an amazing retirement community. But choose your type of place that you want to go to wisely based on what you think you want your snowbird experience to be like. Number two, um I would suggest don't go all in your first year, especially if you're going to buy something. If you're renting, that's a little bit different. But if you're going to buy something, I would recommend renting first to make sure that you like it, to make sure that these people in this community, in the place that you're going to reflect the values and and there's enough for you to do and enough to keep you busy or enough for you to get away from. Whatever it is, make sure that you just take your time before you commit to the full full experience of purchasing something. And then once you've found your right spot, book it again next year. If you're um renting, book it before you leave, even this year, and just get it because it's the perfect spot. And good rentals go quickly and they're very, very hard to find. So, don't be worried about booking it for the next year if you found your perfect spot. Number three, I would suggest um I'm all about putting yourself out there. I want to meet new people. I want to have fun. fun. I want to have experiences. If that's you as well, don't be put yourself put yourself out there. Don't be shy. Try really hard to join a club and just show up and do the activity. Try really hard to meet people. Just talk to people. Everybody there in in our community in E-How is in the same stage of life. They're all looking for the same things, some fun, some fulfillment, a sense of purpose. So, put yourself out there and make new friends. And then don't be afraid to also keep in touch with your friends at home. keep in touch with them. Make sure that you stay connected because when you are back home, you'll want to keep those friends as well. Number four, this has really been a good one for us. Just go electronic with all your bills. And then if you're able to and feel comfortable, just set up the automatic payments as well. Now, um depends on how much of a control freak you are. You may just want to have all your bills emailed to you. That's perfect. Although, I know I can miss bills that way. and then also have your bills. Um, automatic payments. They just come out of your bank account automatically. You never need to think about them. You can go have fun and and and enjoy your new life and enjoy your new friends. Number five, um, just be cautious about how much how many visitors you do have. I know when we do have visitors, and they're fun to have, um, but then you're playing the host. You're cooking, you're cleaning, you're making sure they have a good time, and therefore your retirement lifestyle changes a bit. So, just be cautious. I'm not saying don't do it. Just don't be a slave to doing that those things because then you're not enjoying your retirement. My dad always used to say guests are like fish. You should throw them out after 3 days. So, just something to think about. Number six, don't be shy as well, especially if you're renting to make your your snowboarding home your home. Don't don't put things on the walls or anything like that, but don't be scared to unpack your stuff. Leave your um any toiletries, hair stuff on the counter and make sure it's there. And you know, make it your home. Have your belongings with you and have a feeling of it's that it's yours. And I used to also I had this um nice picture that could sit on a on a coffee table of our grandkids. And so when we get there, I'd unpack all my stuff, get my picture, and put it on the coffee table. So there's a feeling of being at home. So that's just number six. And number seven, this one we're going to start enjoying now because we've always flown to where we're going. But for those that of you that drive or take your home with you in the form of an RV, take your time traveling back and forth. Mom and dad used to drive down to take their RV down to Mexico every year. And they used to say part the almost the best part of it was taking their time. They'd take three or four weeks. They'd stop here and meet some people. They'd stop in Palm Springs. They'd stop in Arizona. Then they'd go further. And they loved it. Stop to see the places that are almost along the way, even where you go a little bit out of your way. Visit some friends, visit some family that you rarely see. Stop and have some fun. Make this journey fun. It's easier on all of you if you have some fun as you go down. So, I hope those tips help you a little bit if you're thinking about becoming a snowbird. If you already are, I would love to hear some more tips of what really made your snowbird adventure remarkable. I'm William Dansky. This is Life Starts at Retirement. Again, I every Monday morning. And please consider subscribing. It would be an honor. And also, we're our Facebook group is growing where you can ask any retirement related question you want at facebook.com/group/lifeestarts retirement.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenniferbirkeland1486: I'm so glad I found your channel.  Was it hard leaving your Grandkids when you started your snowboarding life style?  We are starting this adventure for the first time this coming Winter for 3 months.  I know it will be fun, but I was wondering how you adjusted being away from your Grandkids.
  2. @DoubleTFishing: Great advise, thanks
  3. @williamh.schmidtjr.7614: Good video as usual!!
  4. @kevindecoteau3186: I enjoy living in New England year round. 
Yes, sense of purpose

- Snowbird Checklist: 5 Legal & Financial Tips Before Heading South: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back. As fall and winter are heading&nbsp; our way, thousands of people from Metro Detroit&nbsp;&nbsp; are getting ready to head south for the winter.&nbsp; So, what should those snowbirds do before they&nbsp;&nbsp; leave? Joining us now is attorney and legal expert&nbsp; Danielle Mayores to break down all the things you&nbsp;&nbsp; should know. Thanks for being with us again. All&nbsp; right, you you gave me the little checklist here,&nbsp;&nbsp; my cheat sheet. So, item number one, insurance&nbsp; coverage. Wow. So many people don't realize this,&nbsp;&nbsp; but when you're going between two states,&nbsp; you actually need to think about home, car,&nbsp;&nbsp; and health insurance. So, for instance, if you're&nbsp; down south for the winter and something happens to&nbsp;&nbsp; your home up here in Michigan, it might be an&nbsp; issue depending on your coverage because they&nbsp;&nbsp; could consider your home vacant or unoccupied and&nbsp; you may not have the coverage you think you need.&nbsp;&nbsp; Oh wow. And nobody wants to look at their policies&nbsp; that closely. So, in this case, you got to do it.&nbsp;&nbsp; Absolutely. Absolutely. Okay. Item number two&nbsp; here. Be careful with your residency. Residency&nbsp;&nbsp; is a big issue. A lot of people want to become&nbsp; residents of a particular state because of income&nbsp;&nbsp; taxes, estate taxes, and sometimes even who you&nbsp; can leave your money to when you pass away can&nbsp;&nbsp; be affected. So, if you decide you want to be&nbsp; a resident down south, let's say, or Michigan,&nbsp;&nbsp; you really need to dot your eyes and cross&nbsp; your tees, because if you don't do it properly,&nbsp;&nbsp; you could get audited, and that could lead to&nbsp; all sorts of issues. Yeah. When you're in this&nbsp;&nbsp; industry, you typically move around a lot,&nbsp; and you see that so often with journalists,&nbsp;&nbsp; their ID is still from a different state, but&nbsp; now they live here x amount of months. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; okay, make sure you cross your tees, dot your&nbsp; eyes there. Avoid multiple probate courts.&nbsp;&nbsp; You're probably wondering, how can we do that?&nbsp; So, what happens is a lot of people when they're&nbsp;&nbsp; snowbirds, they own two homes. So, they might have&nbsp; a home, you know, in Michigan and they may have&nbsp;&nbsp; a home in Florida. And if that's the case, when&nbsp; they pass away, if it's in their individual name,&nbsp;&nbsp; there could be two probates instead of one.&nbsp; Really easy fix. You can either do a revocable&nbsp;&nbsp; living trust and work with your attorney to make&nbsp; sure both of those properties are in the trust&nbsp;&nbsp; or there's certain type of deeds we can use like&nbsp; a lady bird deed or an enhanced life estate deed&nbsp;&nbsp; to avoid probate court. This is where someone like&nbsp; you comes in because for most of us that was over&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm sorry. No, no, that's why we appreciate&nbsp; your time. Okay, I think I might have this&nbsp;&nbsp; one in the bag. Emergency documents. What is it&nbsp; that you need to have prepared? You need to have&nbsp;&nbsp; a medical durable power of attorney. But the key&nbsp; is if you're going back and forth, and I keep on&nbsp;&nbsp; talking about Michigan and Florida because we work&nbsp; with a lot of snowbirds who do that. Um, you know,&nbsp;&nbsp; that's something where you need to have the&nbsp; proper medical documents, not only in Michigan,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also in Florida. And the key is, you know,&nbsp; you want to work with someone. We do this in&nbsp;&nbsp; our office all the time because we have someone&nbsp; licensed in Florida that works with us. But you&nbsp;&nbsp; want to make sure you have both documents in place&nbsp; if you're going to be there an extended period of&nbsp;&nbsp; time and that they don't revoke each other.&nbsp; And ideally, you want your decision makers to&nbsp;&nbsp; be able to communicate with doctors right away&nbsp; if there's an emergency. So having a provision&nbsp;&nbsp; like making sure it's digital or photo copies&nbsp; the same as an original may be really important&nbsp;&nbsp; to you. All right. You talked about proper&nbsp; medical documents, proper professionals. Yes.&nbsp;&nbsp; So it's important to have a team of professional&nbsp; professionals especially when you're dealing with&nbsp;&nbsp; multi-state issues. So, your CPA, your financial&nbsp; advisor, and your attorney, but ideally, they want&nbsp;&nbsp; to know multi-state planning because when you&nbsp; are coordinating where to live and what to do,&nbsp;&nbsp; you want your team to be familiar with that&nbsp; and give you the best advice. All right,&nbsp;&nbsp; Danielle Mayor, thank you as always. Let's will it&nbsp; into power that we can all be snowbirds one day,&nbsp;&nbsp; right? We can all That would be wonderful.&nbsp; Absolutely. Let's do it. Fake you.

- 5 Tips to be a Successful Florida Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en And starting off with gre numbers are rebounding is in the height of the pand here from another country we have Renee Rabello cer with us with some great t your life here. Pretty go Thank you. Thank you for You're from Canada. Yours coming for years, bought and learned a lot about s I'm not a snowbird yet. H a lot of snowbirds from C a lot of them down here f and have learned a lot an I'd like to share some ti people for next year. So, the biggest questions I g is that, where do I go? W Florida? Right? Because i and it is very overwhelmi diverse and I always say depends on your lifestyle to you is the beach impor is important, is populati know, are you coming by y with a spouse? Do you nee know, things like that. S figure out where you want kind of figuring out. All try it out for a little b couple of months in one s full in six months, commi a lot. And what if you do it? Right. So, you know, it for a couple of months sure you enjoy the area. recommend is not a lot of you don't want to be a fr your family and friends b that's what happens, righ wait, you're in the south snow. I'm coming down for like, heck no, because yo cooking and taking them e really getting to enjoy y down here and getting to yeah, and experiencing ev has to offer. Like there' of experiences here and i know. So I understand the out of the snowy north to you know, just, um, you k at whether you want to re you know, depending on th you know, ensuring that y the right area that I thi best thing that snowbirds ensuring that they're in even if you, so if you bu utilize and leave all you is handy, right? So if yo can travel back and forth take your time driving do it down in 20 hours like through, you know, but if can take a few days and e can experience across the down. If you're renting, to people who rent, rent So instead of trucking ev north at the end of your have a storage unit, you things in the storage uni come back down next year, your stuff and you have i also very easy to make it less cumbersome to go bac end of the season. So tha to the landlord if you ar staying next year, book i thing that has happened i skyrocketed, you know, an what motivated me to purc of renting. I got it. So off with a few weeks at t of made the plan for the what you did? Not, not sp I'm, I'm not a snowbird, you know, I'm still doing business. And, um, but wh do a week here a week the So it allows me the freed possible to enjoy the sun and the people. So they'r here. You know, it's just I understand the allure t yeah, definitely, you kno your schedule will fit fo I'm not a snowbird, howev down and work it in my sc spend a week, a month or a couple of weeks or even down here for a weekend a back on Sunday and back t it's a nice little option your lifestyle allows you budget allows you to do. The budget part is I thin moment. And of course, if learn more about Renee's the information that you for life coach financial so much for coming Renee see you again because you information for our viewe you for having me. It's b

  Top Comments:
  1. @Batmandabomb [1 likes]: TRY A DIFFRENT STATE

- Financial Tips For Becoming A Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en WE HAVE A GORGEOUS WORKOUT COMING UP FOR THE NEXT WEEK. IT WILL BE GETTING COLD BEFORE WE KNOW IT. THAT WE KNOW THAT TO BE TRUE. SOME PEOPLE ARE THINKING ABOUT HEADING SOUTH. WE ASCARTE MONEY EXPERT FOR ADVICE ON BECOMING A SNOWBIRD. A LOT OF TIMES, PEOPLE HAVE PRECONCEIVED NOTIONS THAT DON'T ALIGN WITH REALITY. JUSTIN SMITH JOINS US NOW. NICE TO SEE YOU. NICE TO SEE YOU AS WELL. FIRST OF ALL, WHERE WOULD YOU GO IF YOU COULD BE A SNOWBIRD. THAT IS A FUN QUESTION. I WOULD PROBABLY GO TO SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA. I HAVE NEVER REALLY SPENT SOME TIME THERE. IT SEEMS LIKE IT TO BE FUN. MAYBE SAN DIEGO. STICK GOOD CHOICE. THAT IS MIGHT WAS, TOO, IT OUT. SO IF YOU'RE GOING TO CALIFORNIA, IT SEEMS LIKE A VERY SMART FINANCIAL MOVE. NICE LOW TAX STATE, SOUNDS BRILLIANT. WHAT COULD GO WRONG? RIGHT. I DON'T SO WHERE DO WE START WHEN WE TAKING ABOUT THAT BUT I GUESS THAT LOCATION IS NOT A BAD PLACE TO START, RIGHT? BUT ECHOLOCATION IS A REALLY GOOD PLACE TO START. YOU WANT TO DO YOUR RESEARCH ON THIS ONE BECAUSE JUST LIKE WHAT WE JOKINGLY SAID, IT IS NOT ALL THE SAME EVERYWHERE YOU GO. AND IF YOU WANT TO GO SOMEWHERE WARMER THAN MINNESOTA IN THE WINTER, YOU HAVE LOTS OF OPTIONS. SO, YOU KNOW, WHAT I ALWAYS TELL PEOPLE IS, YOU KNOW, IF YOU'RE LOOKING TO GO SOUTH, DRINK TO WIN, YOU KNOW, YOU MAY ACTUALLY WANT TO JUST TRY TO LOOK AT FOR EXAMPLE, WENT RANTING TO START OFF JUST TO TRY IT OUT FOR A WHILE. IF YOU WANT TO DIVE RIGHT IN OR NOT. DO YOU HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR RESIDENCY? OR ARE THERE FINANCIAL BENEFITS TO DOING THAT? WHAT WAS THAT? I DID NOT COUNTRY. THEY RECOMMEND CHANGING YOUR RESIDENCY TO STATES THAT YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT SNOWBOARDING? SURE. A LOT OF TIMES PEOPLE WILL SAY, WE ARE LOOKING TO THE, EXAMPLE, MOVED TO FLORIDA FOR THE WINTER. I WILL SAY, HEY, CAN WE CHANGE OUR RESIDENCY BECAUSE THEY HAVE NO INCOME TAX. STATE INCOME TAX, THAT IS. THAT IS A LOT MORE COMPLICATED QUESTION TO GET INTO. BUT REALLY, WHEN YOU WANT TO CHANGE YOUR RESIDENCY, WE KIND OF JOKE IN THE FINANCIAL PLANNING WORLD THAT MINNESOTA IS KIND OF LIKE THE HOTEL OF CALIFORNIA. AND WHAT I MEAN BY THAT IS THAT MINNESOTA DOES NOT WANT TO GIVE UP ITS TAX REVENUE VERY EASILY. THERE'S A LOT THE THINGS YOU HAD TO DO TO REALLY PROVE THAT YOU DON'T -- FOR EXAMPLE, IF YOU WANT TO BECOME A FLORIDA RESIDENT, YOU HAVE TO LOOK AT THE THINGS LIKE, HEY ARE YOU GOING TO BE THERE MORE THAN SIX MONTHS A YEAR? HAVE YOU REGISTERED YOUR CAR DOWN THERE? DO YOU VOTE DOWN THERE? ETC., ETC. SO IF YOU REALLY WANT TO CHANGE YOUR RESIDENCY IN ORDER TO ENJOY THEIR LOWER ESTATE INCOME TAX I WOULD STRONGLY RECOMMEND THAT YOU WORK WITH THAT TAX ADVISER WITH THAT SO THAT YOU ARE STARTING YOUR "I"'S AND CROSSING YOUR T's. TRYING TO CHANGE THE RESIDENCY. AND IT WAS A PAIN TO TRACK ALL OF IT AND TO MAKE SURE YOU WERE GONE LONG ENOUGH AND IT IS NOT GOOD ENOUGH TO BE GONE MONTHS IN ONE DAY LIKE THE STATE REALLY AS YOU SAID, THE, THEY ARE WATCHING THIS CLOSELY. SO REALLY, IT IS ALL ABOUT HEY, THIS IS MORE OF A LIFESTYLE DECISION THAN A MONEY DECISION, RIGHT? YEAH. I MEAN, BECAUSE WHEN YOU'RE LOOKING AT MOVING, I ALWAYS TELL PEOPLE, YOU WANT TO LOOK AT THE FULL COST OF IT BECAUSE OFTEN, PEOPLE WILL CALL ME UP AND THEY WILL SAY, HEY, I FOUND A CONDO IN FLORIDA FOR $150,000 PER MIGHT BE ABLE TO COVER THAT MORTGAGE. AS WE ALL KNOW WITH HOMEOWNERSHIP AND CONDO OWNERSHIP, THERE'S A LOT OF COSTS. YOU KNOW, HOMEOWNERS ASSOCIATION, PROPERTY TAXES, FINANCIALLY, IS IT ALWAYS THE WISEST THING TO DO? PROBABLY NOT.

- How to Be a Florida Snowbird: The 55+Guide to Chasing the Sun in Florida's Winter Paradise: Kind: captions Language: en so Christa it's October and our license plates are beginning to change colors that's right that's right that means that it is snowbird season yes welcome all of our Northern friends to here in Florida yes we love we thought it would be a good time for us to go over what it means to be a snowbird what kind of considerations you have to have if you're planning to be a snowbird and what and will and then provide you with a checklist of the things you need to consider back home one thing that I always think is interesting is to kind of follow the migration pattern of the snowbirds so uh you know we get a lot of people a lot of folks from Canada and New York who come down here and a lot of them if you're driving you jump in the car and you follow your Highway straight down so I understand a lot of people from Canada wind up in the Tampa the golf area and then other people wind up sort of on the Atlantic side and of course some are in Central Florida right and also look around the major airports we're looking around Orlando area that's why we have such a such a large number of 55 plus communities around the central Florida area because we've got Orlando we've got Tampa and then you go to a little bit further south you have Fort Meyers so around those major airports is where the snowbirds are going to we forgot to tell people what a snowbird is we know because we live here and it's a really really common term it's not an animal no it's not a bird a snowbird is some some are people who actually migrate to warmer climates during the winter months where they live so the term's been around since 1923 one of the first snowbirds although he wasn't called a snowbird at the time was Rockefeller and uh that I believe he came down to Orman Beach which is where we we filmed last week we filmed last week yeah and he came down in the 1913s oh okay great majority of international snowbirds come from Canada just to let you know um so in this video we're going to go through what it means to be a snowbird then also what kind of things you need to adjust to consider when you're down here and what you need to do at home before you migrate before before you migrate down here before you go south for the winter let's explore some of the implications about being a snowbird down there some of the things you need to consider yeah if you're going to stay for like several months right exactly first of all for citizens of the United States we can stay up to six months in one day um before we declare our residency in Florida in Florida also um Canadians can only stay the full six months simply because of their B1 B2 visas you know and I want to say that six months one today but it's actually in the United States we can stay anywhere as long as we'd like um it's just whether or not it's practical to stay that long and whether where you want to declare your residency right okay snowboards get local IDs do you think I guess it depends how long you're staying right right if you're going to change your residency and you're going to which has wonderful tax implications um in Florida for American citizens um yes you should change your you should get new IDs but if you're just coming down here to visit your state ID is fine your driver's license is fine and later we're going to go over some of the things you need to do at home you can vote from Florida you can do mailway voting all those things so there's nothing um that you need to change your IDs for some of the concerns that many snowbirds I know have is the availability of healthcare and whether their health care will work here Insurance yeah what hospital to go to sure that makes sense yeah and be assur that whatever you have in your home state will work in Florida it's just going to be a matter finding the right doctors that You' like um I know in Central Florida we have wonderful Hospital Systems so you know ask around ask your doctors um let's say you're coming from the state of Pennsylvania ask your doctors in Pennsylvania if they have some referrals for you in the Florida areas for whatever you might need attention so to be a snowbird you don't have to own a home in in Florida many people do they rent and Chris is going to talk on that in a minute a lot of people come down and just work short-term stints they might be a part-time employee at Disney or uh at the um uh uh [Music] sorry so please whatever by come down and and work at Disney so if you are not going to stay here for very long one of the best ways that you can find a place is to look on Airbnb or VRBO if you're familiar with those websites and if not uh having dabbled in that Arena myself I can say that is very very common as an owner to receive a message saying hey we're going to be there for six months first of all can you cut me a better deal because you know the shorter the term obviously the more expensive the the the rental is going to be the nightly rate yeah it is totally acceptable to ask for a discount um you can also approach long-term rentals and ask if they would be willing to go six or seven months if that's how long you're staying um there's no no reason why you can't ask you're going to pay more than you would have if it if you were renting it for 12 months but if it's if it's a home that is owned for long-term rental that is usually seven months in some jurisdictions it is six months so it's worth a shot to try either of those options also right and remember that if you're renting you can always I mean a a person who's running a home can always have their lease broken right so even though the the the bylaws or the laws may be that they have to be an annual lease a lease can always be broken so if you would address that with the um the owner of the home beforehand then they're entering into a lease knowing it's going to be broken in six months many of them are open to that yeah absolutely another thing I want you to consider is if you are thinking of that ultimately purchasing a home here you may want to move into uh a lot of snowbirds rent their home on the offseason that is from May till October they'll rent out their home for 6 months it's good for you to come down here and see what it's like in the win in the summer month months and see if you're able to deal with that right that's right so you don't necessarily need to buy a winter home in Florida it's fine if you do we would love that as well um but owning a winter home offers a host of financial benefits where but you have to consider that you are dealing with to uh uh maintaining multiple homes if you are considering to ultimately purchase a home here in Florida you may want to consider coming down opposite the cobber to so that is you may want to rent a home that's already owned by somebody who goes back and forth and goes back home in May to enjoy the summer let's say in Pennsylvania and you rent out the home down in Florida from May to October that gives you an idea as to whether or not you can truly live here year round that's right and the summer is it can be pretty intense especially if it's your first your first Florida summer so it is probably worthwhile trying that yeah and you can get a better deal so for some of you you're probably going to want to come down down and already find a 55 and over Community to stay in to rent in right because that's you know if you're thinking about moving down here permanently you'll want to test the waters um and that can be a little bit tricky because a lot of these uh communities are not going to allow uh short-term rentals right because they are fairly strict HOA communities and if they are guard gated especially the guard is going to notice that you're coming in and out it's a little bit harder to get away with it but as we were just kind of alluding to one way around that is to have a longer term lease place with the agreement with the owner that you will be able to break it um and if that's something that you're interested in again it's it's something that we as Realtors can pinpoint like if you say well we want to come down and stay in X Community we can look on the MLS and see if something is available in that exact community and kind of try try to help you set that up otherwise it is a little bit difficult uh I I think personally what do you think to find something like that I think it's I think it's very difficult um I do know that most 55 plus communities at least the ones that we've gone to to and that I've experienced in the past allow one rental a year at a minimum of 3 months so but it's only one minimum long-term rental in general in general in Florida is six months so for example I don't know if you know this Valia county has banned short-term rental oh no I basically yeah I know uh so that is a minimum of six months I am learning now and that's as of last December um so you know there are nuances to it but if you have it kind of Legally structured that it is a long term lease um generally that will work out and if you need any help with that we are happy to help you just reach out to us via our Facebook page or our number which all appears on the screen so one thing that's coming to my mind as we're talking about this is like if you do want to come down here and you haven't snowb birded before how do you choose where to go so you know we have the roads that take you to one side of Florida or the other but where would you where would you look um I mean based on activities or absolutely absolutely I mean yes I enjoy it at the beach but I am not one who wants to just stay and Leisure all day every day I'm looking for activities so I would be looking for a 55 plus community that has lots of activities um kind of um I'm very active I play tennis I like pickle ball I want to go to informative sessions I want to eat good food so I would be looking for 55 plus communities or just communities in general that will offer me those opportunities one of the interesting statistics I was reading is that 63% of uh snowbirds report their health as being good or excellent and that is because there's so much to do when you're in a climate that allows you to do it to be outdoors you're biking you're hiking you're enjoying the weather and you're not shoveling snow that's right and just breathing in that uh you know the Florida air is different if you drive here from up North and you step out of the car do you notice it you know it's just uh you got that little mixture of the beach air and especially if you're on the coast um I think it's just a big stress relief and I'm sure that's part of it absolutely yeah yeah yeah yeah so in conclusion we just want to let you know that if you're coming down for six months and you still want to work or you've decided that Florida is going to be your home whether you snowboard it or not we're here to help you work things out so contact us um via Facebook or by phone or email address and we're happy to send you our checklist of things to consider when you're snowb biring

  Top Comments:
  1. @joecharrette9335: I won't be a Florida snowbird this winter, but I'll be an Alabama snowbird coming from Wisconsin (FL and AZ are more than my budget can handle)
  2. @stephenatkison2914: A snowbird is a person or persons that come south to avoid the cold weather up north
  3. @bgrossmd: Pitiful

- Snowbirds, don't buy a second home! Do this instead!: Kind: captions Language: en today we are talking about being snowbirds this is our first year that we're leaving our Winter Wonderland in Minnesota and we're spending the cold months of the winter January February and March and heading someplace warmer now you might think well of course people do this all the time they go to Arizona or Texas or Florida have great times they might take an RV and drive all over South of the snow belt well we're going to try something a little different we're going to start here and and travel the world so today we're here and just 2 days later we are here and here and here and here and here we're filming this portion of our video in beautiful Bali Indonesia at this fabulous Resort that has complete White Lotus Vibes if you are a fan of the HBO series which we are uh murder in our personal plot thankfully uh but we want to share with you some alternatives to the traditional snowb biring approach of buying a second property we know a ton of people and this actually makes a lot of sense you get toward that retirement age and you go spend a week or two maybe with a friend visit some friends they recommend you come down the next time you go down and you get a place that you find out that's available for a month and then by the third year you're buying a place now you've got a place in Arizona or Texas or Florida not a bad idea really and a lot of it's right for a lot of people we did something like that we actually bought a second home near ours in a University Town it turns out our daughter went to school there we owned it became her housing and then she graduated and you know is an adult now and moved on and we sold the place because we found that our ongoing expenses to that we could have applied to that home in Arizona Florida Texas but if we added that up we could budget that money not on a second place and travel the world like we're doing and we did a little research I mean we were genuinely planning to buy a home in a in a warmer location and we checked out Arizona Texas Florida and we visited but nothing was hidden like we didn't connect like these were places that we wanted to spend you know six you know four to 6 months out of um the year plus if we were paying to maintain even owning things outright just maintaining two different properties with property taxes HOA fees um you know having someone check in on your other home while while while you're gone that didn't leave much for travel which is our first Passion in traveling the world so that brought us to decide to instead investing in a second home uh uh travel travel the coldest months of our our Winters instead what we would like to do is lay out three different scenarios that might help you think through if this is an alternative that might work for you as well we didn't want to go deep into real estate prices and determine the the cost of living at each one of um these locations so we're going to use some simple math instead and start with the amount of $22,000 a month so if you have a property and you're paying $2,000 a month you probably own it outright uh but you still have to pay homeowners association fees um Insurance property taxes uh those those type of things so what could you do with $2,000 a month $24,000 a year as far as travel during the winter months in our recommendation is you could spend 5 months traveling through southeast Asia which is actually what we are doing now MH and so we went to these lower cost countries such as Malaysia Thailand Singapore was not lower cost but we found a way to be make it pretty affordable and here we are now in Indonesia Bali Indonesia yet another affordable country we're planning to go up to Taiwan and and uh that's looking like it's pricing out pretty well as oh my goodness yeah we're going to spend close to a month in Vietnam and so all of those provide us the opportunity to kind of spread our money further so we've chosen the not established Equity route and are transfer it right to these really great locations and we're missing one winter in the northern United States as an added bonus and Southeast Asia can appear a little exotic and intimidating we hadn't been to this region of the world before we've traveled all over but have not been to this region and we've absolutely loved it it's um some of the cheapest countries in the world for an American we're we're you know US citizens so we're coming from this American perspective to travel so to give you some examples of just the your your most expensive costs are going to be your lodging um your airfare and your food M um from a lodging perspective there were many places that we are staying that cost $50 to $60 a night have to say when I was initially booking I was really nervous because what kind of place are you getting for $50 a night and we stayed in um nice full Apartments we had our own kitchen had a couch a chair and all that all that type of thing we had a pool that was accessible and it was um a serviced apartment and this was in example Ching maai um Thailand um we were able to stay in um Bangkok which is a major city um for less than $100 a night so these are really economical places to stay for any length of um time food also incredibly cheap it when we Splurge when we splurge and sit down at a restaurant and have a drink and all of that I don't know if we spent $40 oh we've done it a couple of times like went crazy and spent 60 bucks didn't we we SP had lobster thermador the other day yeah that's right lobster thermador bumped us up past 50 that's right so in in other words we're sort of looking looking for times when we've spent kind of what you do in a big lunch and Oso Norway frankly so you can if you apply yourself the right way and do a little planning you can make that $24,000 go an awfully long way okay scenario two instead of 2,000 a month $2500 a month $30,000 a year what can you do with a winter away Snowbird experience for about $30,000 well 3 months in southern Europe andway southern Europe Portugal coasta Del Soul Spain southern Spain the coat dour the southern coast of France three months there now if you're more comfortable with that kind of European Vacation feel this these are the places for you and they can be made relatively affordable say about $30,000 for 3 months covers everything and it's a great time and we've done it and it's fantastic the these are all places so we're not recommending any place that we haven't been and we do have a whole um video that's just on European getaways um if you're okay with trading off um the really warm weather and and but for us like we've gone to n multiple times in in the winter and and N is a more expensive city so you'd have to be um Price shopping a little bit there but it is been 50 to 60° warmer than our home base um from there so it's and it's just fabulous so that's at about $30,000 for 3 months which brings us to scenario three and $3,000 a month so in that case you are likely paying on a mortgage maybe have some interest on top of your regular maintenance fees of um your your property taxes and whatnot when we were going through different potential scenarios I have to say this next one was one that we thought talked about like maybe we should do this next year and is spending 3 months in New Zealand and austral Australia during their Peak summer months because they're in the southern hemisphere so we have a a a season flip so that would involve visiting like Auckland in the north island in the South Island the cities of Christ Church um Queenstown the southern elps which are absolutely stunning you on the West Side you have friend Joseph Glacier you have doubtful sound Milford Sound which have these beautiful fjords um and there's also a quaint little area called denan where you can watch little blue penguins so um in um New Zealand and then Australia which is a massive country um which I think as Americans we underestimate just how big it is it's hitting Sydney Melbourne going to the central you um red Center of Australia to see uaru um which is a very famous rock for formation or um adding going up north to Port Douglas which is where you can see one of the Seven Wonders of the World with the Great Barrier Reef so that's what you could do for $36,000 um during your winter stint so there you have three scenarios to help you take a look into your future and see where you might go for this kind of vacation scenario one was $2,000 a month can turn into $24,000 a year can turn into five months in Southeast Asia $ 2500 a month or $30,000 over the course of a year can turn into 3 months in Europe or $3,000 a month $36,000 a year can turn into 3 months throughout Australia and New Zealand so pretty cool hey if you like the content you've been seeing from us hit like And subscribe to our Channel and thank you for listening and watching wander lust with the m MacKenzie's tell your friends and happy [Music] travels e e for

  Top Comments:
  1. @kevinmcgregor808 [4 likes]: Great ideas, Florida has become too expensive.
  2. @pec757 [4 likes]: We who own in the sun belt are glad you made this video.  Maybe some folks will listen and not come here.   It's getting crowded.
  3. @EarlLantz-d6j [3 likes]: Must be nice to have unlimited funds!  Many seniors cannot afford  to eat and heat!!
  4. @dougtemple6756 [2 likes]: I'm right there, I like your ideas, thank you
  5. @danh3534 [2 likes]: Your numbers are on point, nice analysis of costs aboard.  The key is you have to be the type that loves traveling and all the challenges that brings it.  The upside of snow birding by owning your house you are gaining equity which can be used later in life when you don't want to travel to Florida (or where ever) and if you need special assisted living care you will have cash on hand for that, late in life part needs to be planned out as well.
  6. @stl-wt [2 likes]: Good strategies. I don't want to lock myself in only one place.
  7. @DaleYoder-uv1db [2 likes]: We want to escape the Houston heat and be in a beach town. The winter is no good here either.
  8. @cmmeemarie [1 likes]: We did a 1031 exchange for a rental had here in CA, for a home near our daughter in Phoenix.  Now we’re retired and going to sell our CA house and buy one in Idaho where our other daughter and grandkids live.  Not sure if we’re going to like it or think it’s financially wise use of $.  In the meantime.  Our Idaho daughter thinks we won’t like it.  Going to try for a couple of years.
  9. @4golfing [1 likes]: so far,  no mention on the owning of a home and benefits of real estate growth gains.  We lived in Fla for 15 years,  living there 6 months.   We did pay fees and insurance but when we did sell,  we made 200% gain profit.    Bought right after the 2008 crash, timing was everything.   It does depend on what you like to do.  We both love to golf, so played 5 times a week.    Loved the community feel as everyone there was there for the same reasons.     Did start to do some cruising after we sold and did enjoy that, however unfortunately, the present politics prevents that now, so we will be doing travel to Mexico, Costa Rico,    Caribea  all inclusives resorts.  Did do Portugal but you will not believe how busy it has now become there Spain too,  because no one is going to u.s.   just a little info
  10. @rightstuff24 [1 likes]: You can AirBNB anywhere in the world for as long as you want.  No prop tax, no insurance, maintenance, or payments.  When you’re done…throw the keys on the island.  No reason to buy a second home.
  11. @kejianniu2994 [1 likes]: Absolutely making sense in my opinion. We live in Central Virginia and have about one month a year in the winter that we would like to get away (can’t play golf any more). We plan to spend that time traveling the world. Southeast Asia, Southern Europe, Australia are all great places. South America could also be an option. We tested this out last February in Mexico and loved it. More serious planning for next year now that I will be officially retire in less than a month.
  12. @queenbee7819 [1 likes]: Am fellow MNsotan. Ooo lot of winter haters. It's my fav season. Love the quiet, cozy, slower long dark nights, the snow, ice, all of it.  Travel exhausts me. Good for you that you're spending your time as you both want.
  13. @margiedenavarre7919 [1 likes]: I can’t wait to live like this. My dream long term is SE Asia.  Do you think it’s feasible to rent out your house while you are overseas?  I would love to do a favor for a young couple without a lot of money who want to have a nice house to live in for less money than they can pay in the regular market. Of course, the problem is that it would only be for six months a year, so I’m not really sure how that would work out. Even if all we made was $500 over our property taxes, it would still be supplementing our income.

Also, we’re near your neck of the woods, in northern Wisconsin, and our summers are great here. After going through a whole winter, you really feel like you’ve earned, earned the warm weather! 😂
  14. @mphsb [1 likes]: Dont drink bootleg alcohol in any of those places.There have been many deaths due to alcohol there. I appreciate your channel
  15. @KarenHopkins-x3s [1 likes]: We bought in Florida and short term rent it during the summer months and have it for our own use in the winter months.  So the cost of ownership is zero and some years it is positive cash flow.
  16. @FlounderGB [1 likes]: yes, expenses and cost of capitol on our  second home was over $40,000 per year. We used it 3-4 months a year. Now we rent a nice mountain home for 3 months in summer for a fraction of that and have a great touring and dining budget. Agree 100%, no second home for us!
  17. @annecohen8927: Politics should be completely separate. Not messing with each other’s feelings and yearning.  Trump’s faux pas filled with meaningless propaganda and rhetorics will bring him crashing down to hard core reality.  Trump should never mess around with Canada as they are America’s next door neighbor,
  18. @andersgronqvist8347: Come over and see Europe, very wellcome ❤
  19. @mphsb: What part of bali do you recommend for a 60 yr old female? Thank you
  20. @melissamaggioncalda242: Sounds fun but you do not get a tax break for living in a now or low income tax state.  Minnesota is one the most heavily taxed states in the country.  Most retirees need to escape the taxes .

- Hot Flashes, Lobster Rolls & the Author Who Writes About Peace: Kind: captions Language: en I think everybody should watch and listen to 50 Taste of Grey with Matthew Grey because you make your guests so comfortable and you're knowledgeable. It's a really fun podcast to be on cuz it's polite, easy-going conversation. I think you're just super likable actually. You want to sit on here for a couple hours actually with you and hang out and and just chat about the world and life and food and so forth. So, um, yeah, hopefully you'll come over to my show and hang out. It's what I hope. Yeah. So, I don't have a hot flash on camera. We'll talk about hot flashes in a little while. >> flashes. So, you've got the red, I've got the blue. You you know, the boy and >> So, we got it all covered. Oh, right, right, right. Do you spend a lot of time getting ready for your podcast whether you're doing one or guesting on one? Um, I I looked at yours. You know, I do I do a little bit of home homework, but as far as getting ready, um, no. >> Yeah. Or you just roll out of bed like that? I so if you My husband's in the other room. It I took about 10 minutes. Sorry. Oh, that's very cool. >> Brushing up, you know, I I wasn't in there for hours or anything. I just, you know, I I have shorts on cuz it's hot here in South Carolina. We're in South Carolina for the winter. And then, uh, I you know, have my It's a you know, it's kind of like the old Zoom outfit. Kind of thing going on. >> No, it works. It works. So, But but thank you. So, you're a snowbird is what you're saying. >> We are snowbirds. We, um, our son one of our sons, we have four four sons. One of them started playing baseball down here in South Carolina years and years ago. And our stays just seemingly got longer. And so, this is our first year down here for all three months of winter. >> What do you do down there? Did you buy a house or do you do like a Airbnb or how does that work? >> It started out Airbnb and we've rented the same condo every year. And, uh, it's just perfect. And what do we do down here? We work. Uh we you know put launch books out into the world, and do book signings and things like that. And then if we're not doing that, we're at the beach. We we're shell collectors and just hanging out and discovering more things about the Myrtle Beach area that we love. Is it really nice there? It is very beautiful. Yeah, it's it's warm and sunny, and the people are lovely, and there's things to do, and it's yeah, it's it's a really great area. Where is home normally? Maine. Maine. Okay, so it can be a bit chilly up there. Just a bit. Yeah. It uh yeah, it's I think it's supposed to snow there today even. So usually you know why our stays got longer is because we would leave a little early, and then we would you know be ahead of a nor'easter coming in. So we'd get home to like you know a huge blizzard, and we're like, "Okay, no. That's It's missed the point." Right. So do you see yourself maybe in the future maybe staying a little bit longer down there in South Carolina? I think there's a potential for that for sure. You know, we really really love it here. So we'll see. Our kids are all in the in the northeast area, so we don't want to you know abandon kids or anything like that. Not that they're kids kids, but there's there's four sons, and they're they range in age from 25 to 31. Okay, and you and your husband made them all. Um >> Okay. Yep. We have We have kids. They're all up in the northeast now. Uh but he Our Our one son used to come down here and play baseball. He played baseball as a as a little kid down here, in high school down here, in college, and then he went overseas to play uh professional baseball in Germany for a year. And so um he's he's probably done with baseball now, but it started this whole thing for sure. What position does he play or did he play? So his name is Cam Guarino, and he's a left-handed pitcher. We're a baseball family for sure. You can definitely see over here the Yankees gnome behind me right back there. >> I see. So, yeah, yeah, we're at the beginning of the baseball season now. So, like I'm in hog heaven. Oh, yeah, it's the best. I know my husband just went on his phone and got the MLB network and he plays Beat the Streak and you know, all those fun things and just Yeah, baseball's baseball's great and it's great to see there's down here actually a lot of the kids like you know, that's what started it for us. A lot of the teams come down here and stay in the condo area that we're in. So, we see high schoolers and college kids and we we talk to them, tell them we're baseball family, baseball parents. We know what We know that grind. Keep your grades up, you know, that kind of thing in addition to just playing baseball. Make sure you keep your grades going and you know, all of good baseball things cuz big kids have big baseball dreams. Only keep the grades going until you get the offer and then forget about it. That's it. >> forget about it probably. Yeah. Uh you know, I was so I'll tell you a little story. I was so if I can um our son I was so grateful that he he played baseball at Georgetown. And we were so grateful that he listened and you know, grades grades first, go go to school you love, play baseball there, you know, make it a good school if you can, you know, that kind of thing. But um the second uh he played against Navy in the in the I think in the fifth inning or whatever. I can't remember. Second inning, fifth inning. Anyway, he got hit by a line drive. And um thank goodness instead of it hitting his actual face cuz it was 111 miles off the bat. Wow. He put his pitching hand up which was sad. Uh crushed his hand, he had surgery, all these things, but he recovered and um helped them to the championships, pitched the last 10 games. Um so they Yeah, Georgetown um that was an amazing season for Georgetown and so much fun. They got to go to the Big East Championships. And then he thought he had more in the tank and he went over to Germany. So, we're pretty grateful for his sake that it didn't end all in that one moment. Uh and that's where the grades come into play cuz you cuz he's got two master's degrees. So, that's my baseball speech. I don't know why baseball is so late to the party as far as protecting the players. You know, football they wear helmets, hockey they wear helmets. You know, the whole softball wears helmets and face guards and so on. Why not MLB, you know? Yeah, there's really nothing quite like being the mother of a pitcher. I mean, there's all sorts of jokes online, you know, and I can actually feel my heart, you know, beat faster and kind of go up into my throat when he's on the mound. And I I you know, you have to trust him and know everything's going to be okay, but you know, I've never wanted to bubble wrap a human being so as that. And um you know, you just want the whole, you know, head, chest, even if you get hit with a comeback or to the chest, anything. I always wanted him, you know, safe. >> One last question about the baseball thing and then we'll kind of get into the rest. Did he ever teach you how to throw a good splitter or curveball? Oh, I'm the worst We have a joke. Like it comes out of my hand and it goes some place completely different. So, I'm like, well, there's your movement, maybe. I don't know. Oh, no. Horrible. But my husband is a phenomenal baseball player still even. He's, you know, he's 67 years old and he can throw anywhere you tell him to throw and how fast. And he's played in the adult men leagues and and things like that. So, I don't think that acorn fell from my tree necessarily. Maybe the flexibility cuz I was a former competitive gymnast and his arm bends all the I'll send you a picture. It bends all the way you know, with left hand, but it bends all the way like into an angle that I can't even explain backwards and he's very, very flexible on that score. So, but yeah, who knows, right? But no. >> Okay, so you you throw like a girl. Oh, oh, I think I think that's being generous, Right, right, right. Yeah, definitely. I have to ask you because you brought up Maine, where you're from, and now South Carolina, two pretty good places for food. Let's talk about Maine first. Do you have an affection for lobster? Yeah, well, so I I don't know if you knew this or not, but coming on to your show, I have life-threatening food allergies. Right. >> all the human beings to land in Maine and be allergic to lobster, that's me. However, prior to having allergies, that was my favorite thing on the planet to eat. And we have some of the most I've got a story about my dad I'll share with you. We have the best lobster. It is just so amazing. Like, the Lobster Shack, if I can mention places, I don't know if you want me to or not, but like the Lobster Shack in in Cape Elizabeth is beautiful, and we love to go to York Harbor, and in the family I'll have lobster, and I mean, you can go to Linda Bean's, lobster, you can go anywhere in Maine and and there's so many famous little places, too, as you're driving up and down Route 1 for, you know, sidebar lobster rolls. So, yeah, and then the thing you have to know about Maine is you have to tell them whether you want your lobster roll cold or hot. Cuz otherwise, the default is cold with mayo, which is an interesting thing. Right, right. And how do they prepare when it's hot? Same way, but with butter. So, yeah, so it's it's it's always folded up on like a New England um hot dog roll, but it doesn't look like a Midwest hot dog roll. It's looks like kind of like garlic toast in a way bread, and then the lobster in the middle, and then it's either butter and hot or mayo and cold. Do they put in celery or anything crunchy in with the lobster in lobster rolls? >> Some some places do. Yeah, I've seen that, too. Yeah, I've taken the >> that It be nice. I do I think so, too. If I could eat it, I think that's the way I would want it as well. But I've taken just about every family member that exists out for lobster along the lines cuz they're not allergic. And um and usually people do the the cold with the mayo, which is interesting to me. I remember whoops a million years ago when I was flying to Europe, I it went through Bangor, Maine at the airport. You're able to get lobster at Bangor, Maine and they'll send it off in on dry ice to whatever location you want. >> sure will. They'll do that anywhere in Maine. You can just ask them where you want it sent and off it goes. Which is clever, isn't it? So you're not getting on the air you know, on the airplane with live lobsters or whatever you're going to do. People always wonder why is uh Maine lobster always declared the sweetest and the best and there is a reason for that why lobster from cold waters is better than lobster from warm waters. And do you know what that is? I actually don't know. Teach me. Okay, super. So fish like salmon and halibut and and lobster and oysters and things like that that are so sweet and delicious are are that way because they are in cold water. And animals that live in cold water build up a an extra fat layer, which is all about flavor. And so that's why things that are coming out of the North Atlantic always taste better than fish that are coming out of the Pacific, which are leaner and have less flavor. That's good to know. That's really good to know. I like following some of the guys who are out there on the lobster boats. Uh you know, you know, trapping the lobster and bringing them up and showing you up this is a keeper, this isn't, this is why it's got to go back. They they teach you a little bit, but I've never heard that one. So thank you for that. You learn something new every day. Now before we talk about your food allergies cuz that's an important thing that a lot of people suffer from that. Tell me what you've eaten today and what you're planning for tonight. Oh, yes. Well, so we are making stuffed peppers this evening. And I love stuffed peppers. So we're we're that's what we're having for dinner this evening. And what I've eaten today is gosh, what have I eaten today? I had a I had a little bit of an omelette this morning and then I It wasn't that exciting. I had a turkey a half of a turkey sandwich for lunch. So not nothing too too crazy exciting, but uh but dinner's you know, usually something along the lines of you know, something good. We'll we'll We cook dinner. Cook a lot of fajitas and but tonight is stuffed peppers. >> What will you stuff them with? Um we're going to stuff them with um ground chicken, onion, um some spaghetti sauce, some different spices, and then cheese on top. Just basic you know, your basic stuffed pepper. Nothing too nothing too gourmet you know, nothing too gourmet, but yeah, I suppose you could fancy that up a little bit. Yeah, some people come on this show and they like they make up stuff. Like yeah, I had caviar this morning. No, I just gave you my boring real life. And I have ice water in my mug so I don't have a hot flash, you know, live on on our show. That's the second time you mentioned hot flashes. Do tell. Yeah, well, so I'm you know, I'm 50 I'm going to be 57 pretty soon. And you know, it's >> a baby? I I kind of. But yeah, it's really interesting. All of the things that go with aging a little bit, but I think I think the hot flashes are are something I didn't quite I don't get very many of them, but sometimes I do. Um and so I just wanted to be you know, prepared with some ice water. It's in my hands and it's still a little turn the air conditioning on and just in case. Are you you're ready to rock even if the >> turn bright red, that's why everybody. It's just a lighting issue. It's nothing else. >> case. Yeah. Whatever. I do want you to tell me about the food allergies, where you were prior to discovering that and how it happened to where you said, "Oh, there's something going on here." Exactly. Yeah, so I developed um life-threatening food allergies in my mid-20s. Um I just developed them out of the blue, you know, after pregnancies, maybe. We aren't really sure, but my my family thought I had seizures at first, and they were going to take me to the Mayo Clinic, and actually it was turned out to be life-threatening food allergies. And then a little bit of a process of discovery, um and just by discovery I mean like nearly dying, um being resuscitated. Um I've had uh allergic reactions. Um I've had one really terrifying allergic reaction where I was 6 months pregnant with the baseball player, Cam. So, we were kind of deemed lucky to be alive and all that good stuff. Um kids don't have allergies, I do, and I'm I'm happy about that cuz I think that would be harder to have the children have the allergies, so I'd rather just take them all on. But uh yeah, they're to peanut, tree nut, fish, and shellfish. So, there are four life-threatening food allergies on board this human, and I actually have a a medical alert on and epinephrine over there, and all sorts of good things that I carry with me, but I think one of the things that I've learned is purpose, and helping other people stay alive and thrive. You kind of pave a way being this old with food allergies, and probably one of the older people in the country cuz one in 13 kids has a life-threatening food allergy on board now. And so, I've written a children's book to help kids in schools. It's called A Lesson for Every um child learning about food allergies, and I wrote that with Sally Huss. And then in all of my books, I talk at some point about my food allergies, or have someone come in and talk about theirs. So, um it's not the focus of the of those um self-help books, but for the children's book I've written actually two, Traveling with Food Allergies and A Lesson for Every Child Learning about Food Allergies. If food allergies trace back 20, 30 years or so for you, do you get updated all the time with testing to see if you're still allergic, or if there are any additional ones? >> I do. I get updated and they're still they're still on board. I have not outgrown them or anything that you hope might happen. Not a candidate for any kind of uh test, you know, the peanut patch things or any kind of anything like that cuz the slightest amount sends me into anaphylaxis. So, we've tried a number of of things. Even, you know, when I was a when I was younger, even the allergy testing sent me into anaphylaxis. So, yeah, it's it's life-threatening for me and in fact, they've gotten worse. Really terrifyingly allergic to almonds and walnuts. Those two things are deadly. Yeah. >> You must really have to question every time you go out to eat, every bakery you walk into, every possible place. You must really be wary of what might be going on behind the scenes and in the recipes. >> That's one of the I one of the reasons why I thought it was so interesting to come on your show is, you know, because of that. You know, people can just eat freely and I can't. I have to really question everything and the the most interest interesting thing about food allergies is people really want to feed you. You know, you you know, food and and holidays and birthdays and everything. People love to gather and eat and uh they love to please you as well. Look what I made for you. I'm pretty sure it's not free and the word pretty sure like I don't know. Yeah. You know. Not close enough. The people-pleasing part of yourself has to go away with food allergies and you have to really put a boundary up and say, "No, thank you." You know, or really know exactly what's in it. I've had people bake me things and set aside everything they put in it and show me and then I'm like, "Okay, I can eat." Right. Believe me, I'm not here to kill you. >> Oh, yeah, you get that a lot, too. Yeah. It hampers the fun of dining out for sure. You have to have conversations with chefs and and bless all the all the waiters and waitresses and everyone that cooks and everything because they really are onto it now and when you say I have a life-threatening food allergy the manager will come right out and talk to you and say, you know, you can or can't eat here in a way and here or here's what we're going to make for you and so it changes the conversation and if you back that up 30 years ago we didn't have that. We had more like, what do you have? I've never heard of that. Or you know, that that's not a thing. That's not a real thing. It's just a choice you're making for diet or something like that and it's the world's changed changed a lot. Yeah, people are much more open to respecting others wishes when it comes to food instead of putting them down for it. Yeah, for sure. And especially when it's life-threatening, you know, I I have a little thing I say, you know, I'm I have life-threatening food allergies so go to 50/50 shot here. Maybe 90 maybe 100% if you cooperate, you know, kind of thing and so it it, you know, you try to not to cutsey it all up but um cuz it is life-threatening but it's it's something that we educate people about and there's a really strong food allergy community. And uh if I'm out in the wild by myself, you know, I have an alert on in case there's something wrong, you know, in case I you know, if my blood pressure drops from the a food allergy the the it's this is an important identifier because any kind of a medic medical type person is trained to look right here on your wrist or your neck where they take your pulse. So you hope you're covered and on the back of it it says anaphylaxis. Have you ever had to ram an EpiPen into your thigh? Oh, I've had to have I you can't my blood pressure drops so low that I can't do that myself but my life has been saved by other people on numerous occasions for sure. Yeah. How many do you carry that? Oh, we eat four of them actually four EpiPens. The one allergic reaction before Cameron was uh to almonds. I was sitting in a Starbucks and ate a bag of almonds not knowing I was allergic to them yet and by the time I think I probably would have died had the hospital not been you know, kitty-corner to the Starbucks. Yeah. Like it was a quick trip to the ER, but by the time I got to the ER, my blood pressure was 60 over 30. And they put me on a resuscitation cart and I woke up with my kidneys being needing to be restarted and things like that. So, when people say they have food allergies, there's no joke. Right. It's It's different than someone saying yeah, I'm gluten sensitive. Yeah, although that is that one's scary, too. I take that one very seriously, too. Um people think the gluten allergy is a choice and in some cases it is cuz it gives you a little tummy trouble or whatever, but you know, I have family members who are full-on gluten intolerant and that kind of level of gluten problem can tear down your intestinal walls, you know, your organs and so forth. So, there's that's there's truth there, too. Well, so this is a part of your DNA. Did you ever trace it back to anything in your family when you go back? Yeah, I don't I didn't Yeah, no. I don't have There's no history of my kind of food allergies in our mom, dad, or anything. Um nothing like that. And yeah, no. Um so, we don't we aren't quite sure what The interesting thing is um I was pregnant with our second child. I craved peanut butter and shrimp the whole time. Not together, but ate a ton of it. And I don't know if that gave him the protection he needed and took mine. It's got to be something logically there, but yeah, I always think, you know, test my blood. Take a look at what's going on with me cuz I am really a human being who's had these allergies for 30 some years now. So, you've been taking care of yourself for all this time. We laid it to the allergies. Now, what about the kids? What about the food that you're putting out? Are the kids eating the same way Mommy does? Pretty much. Yeah, and well, although not now. They're They're bigger and they've been in college and have master's degrees and things like that. So, they're out in the wild on their own and they make what they make and they eat what they eat and it's it's so much better than what I I could make them. Right, cuz that's so limited. >> Oh, it's totally limited. Um so we Yeah, we would have family members I'd say, you know, "Bake Can you bake a batch of this or that and just send it?" And then my husband will be like, "Okay, it's out in the garage. Don't go on that side." You know, that kind of level of of safety in the house because, you know, it's it's life-threatening. And so the kids are um all completely trained. My husband is beautifully um helpful always. And um cuz you know, we've had situations where we've been at board meeting dinners. And it's like, "Here I am, you know, I am I'm his wife and I have food allergy." You know, you feel like a drama queen sitting there, you know, like trying to draw attention to yourself. And it's like, so we've learned over the years to have quiet conversations with people first. And then um usually the safest thing for me to eat out at a restaurant is like a good old-fashioned steak, green beans, and a baked potato. And I know I'm living. Pretty much. As long as I can roll with that. Keep the steak away from where they cook lobster, I'm all set. So, yeah. Wow. So, before the food allergies, before the four boys that you had, before the books and the brand, before the guidebooks and everything else, who were you? Oh, jeez. Um you know, in the financial services industry for so long. Um you know, but always a writer. Um even I go back I think like back in kindergarten, third grade, you know, always a writer. Teaching other kids to read and write cuz I could read and write and then in a kind way, you know, not not like I can read and write and you can't, you know, that kind of thing. But but being very sweet to other humans and helping them. In college, I'm a I was a I was a news anchor. I'm a trained news anchor, actually. And that's what I thought I wanted to be way back when. And uh turns out it's pretty negative. And my whole being didn't like all that negativity. So, I pivoted and did lots of commercials. And anything I could do in that score, um but not news. That's not my thing. >> thing it was bringing you down just because the news is negative is what you're saying not the job itself. >> No, I love I love TV and the reach it has and all that great stuff, but it's the act of delivering the news was just our finding it or writing it. I'm like ah, this is sad and not my thing. I know I would I could see it in college. I'm like oh, I can see it. The people who are really serious about the news on Sundays they'd go get stacks of newspapers and read them and I'm like that's not me. So, I knew I knew early on I'm like I'll keep going, but I don't think I'm going to end up being a news anchor. I've tried it a couple times in Maine and in Illinois and things like that, but yeah. Um There must be certain parts of that job that you miss like throwing it over to like back to you Matthew. You want to do that just in case you miss that you can do that now. >> I think I'm back to you Matthew. No, I you know, I think I think that I think a morning show would be fun or like special features and things like that. I was just on TV here in in Myrtle Beach on Friday on the Fox station on their morning show talking about my book signing and it was so much fun for six they gave me a whole a whole six minutes. I'm like wow, that's a lot of time. And we had fun and joked around and it was peaceful and and I'm like you know, this this was cool. I could see doing morning like morning work. Um but the full on you know, news reporter I'm too old and >> your thing anymore. On the news talking about it. Was that earlier today or was that It was on Friday. It was on Friday. Okay, so hold up your book tell us the name of it give us a little bit of readers digest version about it and then I want to ask you about the book signing. >> You want to see it? The peace guidebook. >> Yes, so is that is that based in spirituality or your life or there's a back story on that? All of it. Yeah, it's how to cultivate hope, healing, and harmony for the good of humankind and my co-author on the back here is Dr. Katie Eastman. And together this is our second book together. Our first book was Percolate, Let Your Best Self Filter Through, which was a Hay House book. And this book is It takes a readers through 10 principles of peace. And it tackles everything from inner peace to world peace to you know, it's it the intention is to help you grab a little bit of peace in your moments and implement peace into your life in pretty much any way that you can. And the structure of the book is narrative from us, a story from each of us, a story from a contributor, two contributors in each chapter, and then there's exercises, so you can write right in the book. It's like a There's journal prompts, there's all sorts of stuff. So it sounds it sounds like a little bit of work, but it's actually quite peaceful. I just opened it up and started looking at the book again and writing my own answers to some of the questions that we asked. And um it We had people at the book signing going like this with the book and swaying and Yeah, it was really cute. So So it sounds like really that the book is kind of aimed at inner peace for just anyone who's out there more so than peace in the workplace or or peace related to the politicians and things like that. >> of that in there. It's peaceful parenting, peace in the workplace, peaceful politicians. Desmond Tutu's daughter wrote the forward for the book. Um so yeah, no, it it tackles everything. In fact, one of the reviews we just got from the media was, "How dare these two authors tackle the topic of peace?" But they did it. It's it's so interesting because here you are talking about probably really great methods, philosophy, and techniques to be able to attain that, and yet when you look around the world, there's so much happening. And so many wars going on, there seems to be like a disconnect here. Tell me a little bit about that. Yeah, we we are trying to make peace less abstract and not up to all anybody else but ourselves, cuz that's the way it feels like. It feels like it's some dignitary or somebody at a podium or somebody in a, you know, some somebody in a foreign country leading us down this path of amazing peace or whatever it is. And instead what we're trying to do is say, "No. We're two women in our 50s and 60s. We're right here in our living rooms with our jammies on showing you how to practice peace." And we give people different scenarios and help you reel reel it back in for for the peaceful response or reaction or a different moment or thought or whatever it can be. And so it really is it really is helping us percolate peace. And we started a a project years ago. And so this goes back to that project and helps kick it back into gear where we're trying to get a million or more people to percolate peace. And we have a website percolatepeace.com where you can go in and actually log a moment of peace right on the homepage. So you can just type in, you know, today I helped somebody, you know, walk across the street or today I paid for somebody's coffee and they didn't know it. Whatever it is. Um we the percolate peace project through the years has inspired people to pay off people's medical bills. Um our son worked at McDonald's for 6 years and he would pay for people's lunches. And so we've done all sorts of cool things with the percolate peace project over the years. And so this kind of picks it up and and helps it again cuz we think the world needs it more than ever right now. Oh, you're so right about that. Now, let's talk about the the book tours and your book signings. What is that like? And I always ask all the authors, did you practice your signature when you became an author so you would know how to do it right and perfect at every book signing? You know, when I first started writing books, it was my standard bubble letter signature. And I think it's gotten a little scribbly. So I dialed that back to more of a of a intentional paused moment of of actual message signature and looking at a person in a book signing telling them thank you for being here with me. What would you like this you know, I take moments with with the people who are standing in line. It that goes one way or the other. Sometimes it aggravates people cuz some people don't like to wait in the line. But so we we try people have learned in in the book signings to get there a little bit early. When you're setting up and they're like hey, can I take a quick picture with you or can you sign three of these or whatever it is and so that's pretty cool. But yeah, it it got a little scribbly and so I've I've rolled that back not to the original huge bubble letters. But yeah. Yeah, but you don't want that doctor scribble where nobody where it looks like you didn't take the time to sign your name. If it was a scribble, you can walk into a pharmacy and maybe fill that prescription. Exactly. Right? Yeah, some of them look like that. It's it's interesting but but yeah, I I think it's kind of an honor to sign your name to a book and have a person standing there ready to absorb the information and meet you. You know, that's that take that's time spent. And I always say we're not entitled to time. So you know, if you're if you're hanging out and spending some time with me, that matters to me a lot. Oh yeah, it's a very personal thing to be able to do that. Yeah, and >> And so is that something that you're doing right now? Are you in the midst of of a book tour? We have a spring book tour set up and it's carried over into people booking us for February even at this point. So we're pretty excited about it. But it's you know, some of it's local where we live so we don't have to travel super far. So I'm I think I'm doing four or five book signings in Maine and Katie's in the state of Washington. So I think so far she's got three or four book signings there. And then we're going from there to various places. I'm coming back down to South Carolina to do two book signings in September. And I'm going up to Rochester, New York and doing one there and so >> Our big goal is to do This is just a silly goal. I don't know why, but maybe it's the New York City thing. I don't know, but I think it'd be really cool. Even if somebody shows up to do a book signing at that 5th Avenue Barnes & Noble. And I think you have to speak things into existence. So if you're listening, help us out and get us get us booked at those at those places. >> don't show up and that happens in all realms and all fields and so >> yes. >> that's when you can kind of connect with that whole peaceful thing inside you. Yes. And I've had that happen at the beginning and I've had book signings where there's crickets and you're like, "Oh boy." And that's, you know, despite your best efforts on social media and things like that, but you know, it it's um it's turned around for sure on that score and people are people are at the book signings now, so that makes us pretty that makes me pretty happy. Let's flesh out a little bit more about the whole author world and the social media which you just mentioned and how little people really engage and how little time they're able to focus and concentrate. How is that affected your career as a writer and maybe just as a human? Yeah. So you have to be careful of your social media. I have a I have rules where I I do not engage negative neg- no negativity in social media. So if you if you write something mean to me, it's getting deleted and I'll never write something mean to you, so you can trust that. And I have rules like if you land on any of my social media or Best Ever Used social media which is at this point over 700,000 people following us, there's no negativity, there's no divisive anything, you won't see huge political arguments, you won't see any of that. Mhm. >> So um we have rules like that, but as an author, especially in the self-help genre, Right. >> you have to know um your hashtags, you have to know your audience, you have to use social media to attract those readers. You're you're posting, you're teaching, you're reading maybe, you're talking, you know, you're doing a talk about your book somewhere. It's It's different than being a fiction writer, where people want you to read from your book and tell about the characters you invented and things like that. This is more like, "Tell us about the story or the principles that are in the book." or It feels a little more academic in a way. Um and so, you know, the self-help genre can be fussy. Oh, yeah. >> Cuz people don't want to do the work. People are People can be lazy. And so, >> A lot of people in the whole self-help realm are very, very positive. They spin towards the positive. How are you able to allow yourself to express your frustration, your discontent, your anger, or anything that doesn't come across as peace on Earth? That's I think that's chapter six in the book. Because we have We have a lot of comments about the whole you know, the whole internet wants you to be happy all the time. Uh you know, just like, "You'll do this and you'll be happy. Do this and you'll be happy." You know, happiness is fleeting. And it's your attitude and joy and so forth. So, something really crappy can happen, and I'm not going to sit here and smile about it. I might cry about it or whatever. But, rooted within me, especially having, you know, nearly, you know, lost my life a couple times, I'm rooted in gratitude. And I really mean that not in a cliche way. I really am rooted in gratitude. I coined the gratitude flip. That's me um in my books. It's changing things from "Oh, I got to I have to go do that." to "I get to go do that." And see, there's little things that you can do to sort of flip the script on negative things um without, you know, being toxically positive around humans. I can even remember when my my dad was a stroke survivor from 2004 to 2018. And um there were once somebody to live, right? So, what do you do? You do everything in your power to help them live. We plastered his walls with photo photos of us, not that he could see him, but the nurses and doctors sure could and they'd stop for a moment and care. So, there's things that you can do that seem toxically positive, but in reality they have a different meaning in our in our hearts and minds of, you know, like we need you to care a little bit more over here on this score cuz we're trying to get him to live and it's not looking so good. Um and so, you you know, little things like that um that you can do to to put some you know, joy around people who are suffering. I've made I make a lot of chocolate chip cookies that are not free and I've had people say, "Hey, I need a batch of those." And I'm like, "Okay." And I give them for free. And I've had them land in the strangest places and the coolest places and the saddest places. I've had them land with Robin Williams, the late great Robin Williams, eating them. I've had them land in ice in the waiting area of Dana-Farber Hospital for a lady who had stage four colon cancer and her kids ate them. And of all the people to write me a thank you note, you know, that thank you note has stayed with me forever. Like, "Wow, a stage four colon cancer person writing me a thank you note." I'm like, "Oh oh my goodness." So, you never know what you're going to do that brings a little light into somebody's world, but it doesn't have to be full on, you know, like, "Ah, you know, happy." Just little points of joy. Where you can >> seem to people seem to object and I would say that I'm one of them. I have a friend who I've known for 40 years. I love her to pieces, but she is the perkiest being on Earth and for some reason it kind of gets me cuz no matter what, she's very, very perky and I don't know, that kind of rubs me the wrong way because it doesn't feel what people say, the word authentic. And you know, do you ever get that from someone? It's like, "Come on, show me the real you. You can't always be perky and positive." Um if you if you're around me, you know, I'm not always perky and positive. I'm I worry. I have anxiety probably. I you know, I'm I'm I'm I am so transparent to people that um follow me on social media. They know what I've been through. They know how sad I can be. I've cried on camera with my dad having strokes. I mean, I don't do that. Um Do you know, I I'm just not that human and having my own health struggles, you know, it's it's a cha it's a challenge. So, sometimes I rely on other people for the happiness factor. Exactly. >> pretty sad today actually. I might have a smile on my face saying I'm pretty sad today actually. But, you know, uh cuz but you know, not not every moment is, you know, pup puppy dogs and rainbows and and and everything like that. So, but I think the the attitude that you can have to approach things that are really tricky and difficult and you know, the ability to access that power when you need it is a pretty cool tool in your best life toolbox to have. Oh, yeah. Yeah. It's very interesting. Your website is so polished and lovely. Your email to me was extremely human and I love that. Where's the real you in all of this? Are you just a person who kind of runs the gamut from positive to perhaps upset and just a real person. You're not exactly the polished form all the time. No. No. Not not at all and you know, I actually that's interesting feedback on the on the website because um I think when you get into those blogs, it's definitely there's there's a lot of a lot of grit Yeah. Grit and grind and and I think if you read the books, you'll see that too. I think I think maybe on you know, like I have a moment with you to come on to your podcast, it's probably not going to be the crying one. Although, if it depends on what you say. You know, it It on where we go with it. >> I made my guest cry. But um yeah. But a lot is in the book. Yeah, a lot of what we a lot of that grit and grind and and so forth the struggles. Um you know, because at one point, you know, I was just talking to my husband, we were driving to the beach and I was like, you know, I lived in my car. Like I lived in my car. I don't know if people It's in the book. I We were talking about one of the books, the success guidebook, which people mistakenly think is about, you know, flipping houses and making money and really it's about redefining success when you don't feel good enough or when you don't feel good at all or whatever it is. And the whole beginning of that book, excuse me, is about, you know, when my parents went bankrupt when I was about 17 years old. And um tremendous struggles. They owned the movie stores in Iowa and Illinois and um belly up bankrupt. Somebody embezzled their money and they Poof! It was all gone. And I'm like, oh, so I've been on my own for a really long time. And I lived in a car and I lived in a a converted storage unit that was made into an apartment and I've, you know, I've had some some interesting moments in in my life and and my husband has too. So we both don't come from that silver spoon in your mouth. Um we really work hard. Really work hard. And speaking of work, you work out of your home. When did you transition to primarily working from home and what's that like? I think when I was when I had two children, part of what blew out my immune system was flying around with kids and just too much and you know, trying to have it all and I think that really did a number on my immune system. So I I picked the kids. I stayed home with the kids right about that moment when when babies three and four were coming, I was at home. And then I realized, you know, I can keep a foot in the work door but from home cuz technology is allowing that. And that was That was great. Absolutely great. And that that did it for me. I'm like, "Okay, I'm pretty peaceful here. I can do this and that and balance it a little bit. Um but if there were if there wasn't a balance in sight, the kids win. Mhm. Was there a famous airport moment that helped you make your decision? Yes. That's funny that you mentioned that. Yeah, we arrived at the airport with um a newborn, two, four, and six-year-old with four car seats, four strollers, everything being wheeled, you know, literally like three carts roll up with all of us and people and reaction from people rolling eyes like, "Please don't get on my flight. Please don't get on this flight. Please don't get" You know, right? And there we are. Um probably seated in the middle of the airplane with everybody around and thank goodness the kids were the kids were perfect. Um just crying at the end on landing with the ears and things like that from the newborn. >> that. Yeah, but we all do it anyway, so. but yeah, that that really That was a moment where I just I'm like, "You know, this is a lot. It's going to be a lot for a while and it still is a lot because people think, 'Oh, when they grow get older, they you know, they don't need you anymore.' And in fact, they need you a little bit more. It's really interesting. They get a little more expensive, too. But overall, they're they're all great humans, so. What are you going to do? >> Elizabeth, take me to the guidebooks part of your life and what's that all about? So, my father had like I was saying, he had a stroke from 2004 He was a stroke survivor from 2004 to 2018. And I went home in 2017 for Christmas. Uh my mom was kind of like, "You know, he's pretty sick" kind of thing. And I sat upstairs with him and he said, "This is going to be my last Christmas. I just really want you to know." And uh and he was serious. I'm like, "Nah, I don't think it. You're being you know, you're being" He's like, "Nah, this is it." And so he said, "So you better ask me anything you want to ask me cuz this is it." kind of thing. And I'm glad I asked him a lot of things. But one of the questions I asked him was, "What am I going to do without you?" And he said, now we're going to make me cry. Here we go. He said, "You're going to put one paw in front of the other and you're going to continue on." Cuz I love cats, I love dogs and he had two cats and Mitzi and Kitzi and that's what we were going to do and I'm like, "Well, that's interesting advice. Okay." You know, kind of thing and and I'm glad we had that conversation cuz it wasn't much later than that that he was in the ICU for the whole entire year trying to stay alive and it didn't go in his favor at the end of of that of 2018. But he was in and out and at one point my sister was pregnant with her, I think second or third baby. And she went in to have the baby and he rolled in through the emergency room again and they were on two separate floors while my sister was having her baby. So my mom was running back and forth between the between the two. So yeah, and that led to me trying to figure out how in the world to navigate The first book was about change, Perklate was about change, but then I was really like, "Okay, I'm really going to write this cuz this is horrible." And so the change guide book came about and that's all about navigating change. 10 10 principles of navigating change. Um because I didn't really want to write more books, but I'm like, "I think I'm going to and then this is what they're going to be called. They're guide books to life." And then there's the success one cuz no one, I don't know of anybody who goes, "Yeah, even Taylor Swift doesn't go, 'I'm so successful.'" You know, people just don't do that. People still are like, "Ah, I don't feel good." So that's that book and she's in it. And then the peace guide book, I just don't think people feel all that peaceful ever, either. I I so I I tried to pick topics that are big that people struggle with. And those are three that I can think of that I know in my own life. I'm like, "These are tough." Change, success, and peace. There it is. The gratitude part, I think I want to write the gratitude guidebook, but sometimes I think people have got that. And then I'm like, I hem and haw on that one. I'm like, I don't know if I should write the gratitude guidebook. Maybe. Cuz my gratitude guidebook is more like on gratitude on autopilot. Where you see the flat tire out there and you go, "Ah, at least I have a car." Little bit of the might be a little toxically positive. I'm not sure. >> It could be It could be there. But anyway, yeah. So, those are the guidebooks. You know, one of the things you just mentioned a moment ago is having that opportunity, that wonderful opportunity to complete the unfinished business portion of the life between your father and yourself. And I think that that's such a great thing for people to be able to realize ahead of time that if you ever have the opportunity to complete that cycle of the unfinished business, you should do it with a parent or anyone else who might be on their way. You know what I mean? Oh, yeah. I definitely do. Because because I have brothers and sisters who didn't have those moments and I can feel their pain to this day. Um and so yeah, I was pretty Not that you're It's really It's a really complicated topic cuz you're not like, "Okay, I'm good. You you know, you're going to pass away and I feel great now cuz I talked to you in that moment." You still I mean, I I cried for days and years. But um but at least I um just I really agree with you there. At least I had that those moments. Um because I lived away from home. I would go back and forth between Maine and Minnesota where my parents were. Mhm. And like we moved to Maine and he had a stroke like 3 months later. I'm like, "Really?" So, we It was so like we we Yeah. So, I we went back and forth from Maine to Minnesota for years. And but yeah. Yeah. >> You've survived all my brutal questions for this first 45 minutes or so. This is the part of the show where we turn the tables. It gives you a chance to ask the host some questions. You're in control now. If there's anything that you're interested in knowing about me or the show or my background or anything, this is your opportunity. So >> I do. How about it? >> Oh, how fun. I do I do have questions. I have I have The first one is, why did you name your podcast what you named it? Delivered like a former newscaster. Yes. 50 Tastes of Grey is because my my world and my life has been inevitably linked to food, people pleasing, hospitality, flavor, food architecture, color, writing, all the creative endeavors that I've been involved with. And Grey is my last name. And I thought it was catchy enough to allow people to kind of have at it or be interested in it. And you'd be surprised how many people the last 3 years since we've been doing this show have said 50 Shades of Grey cuz that's what people are thinking. It's It kind of rolls off the brain that way. And so I I did it partially as a goof and to have fun and the double entendre and all that stuff. >> Yeah. And are you from where you live right now? >> I'm in Honolulu now. >> Yeah. I was born in New York. My family moved to LA when I was 10. They didn't tell me about it right away, but I caught up with them eventually. And then So I lived in LA for a long time. And then I schooled in London and I was there for a few years. And then in '93 moved to Hawaii. So I can't move any further west and still be in the in the United States. What made you That's so cool. What a What a cool background. Why did you Why did you move to Hawaii? What brought you there? It was a love thing. Oh, good. Yeah, that's what brought me to California. Right. I mean that is very very powerful and I'm I'm sure you must have written about that. Yes, I I sure did and and in everything I write there's that component of my my wonderful husband. He's amazing. When did you guys meet and when did you get married? Um we met um so two of my children are from my previous marriage. We we met in 1998. Um we both worked for the same company but he worked in California and I worked in Minnesota. Nice. I put a note out saying, "Hey, I need a lawyer to meet me in New York and teach this class with me." And they're like, "Oh, you need Peter Greeno." And I'm like, "Okay, well whatever that works. I'll buy your ticket." Anyway, turns out he said yes cuz he needed a ticket out to visit his family and he he was down with teaching the class but more so like it's a free trip home. Anyway, we met at like 7:00 in the morning and we both looked each other and we're like, "Well, we're married. Okay, this is cool." And we've been pretty much married ever since. So, yeah, we got married in May of '99 and and um but we all four of the kids have been with us since they were you know, the little the older ones little. So, he he has raised yeah, all the babies. So, is there a difference between the the first two and the second two that you can notice or identify? >> raised as a pack. They and they all played baseball. We have been the those humans um those parents with kids on all fields playing baseball at once. So, they all play baseball. They they're those boys, boy, they play video games at night, they talk, they text, they hang out, they play disc golf. They are they're their own little team. So, yeah, no diff we did not raise them using the word step or anything like that. They're just four brothers and they're yeah, they're cool. Was there a point in time that you and or your husband ever said, you know, "Come on, girl. Come on, little girl. Anything like that? >> we're saying it now with grandkids. All right. Come on, grandkids. But, um, no. I, you know, I I I was really happy with the four boys and my body was done. My body was like cuz, you know, childbirth and me was tough. That is not an easy That's a whole another podcast. That's not an easy thing. >> testosterone with four boys and a husband? The girls Well, let me tell you the girls. So, come on, girls. The girls are the cats and the dogs. So, all the cats are female. There you go. Yeah. All the pets are female. So, we have rescued cats and two dogs and they're all girls. But, I have more questions for you. Can I ask you more questions? What is behind you? Did you Is that you? Did you paint it? It looks It looks beautiful. Yeah. Uh, because I think I remarked on a painting I saw somewhere we were together and she said, "I can I can make something like that for you." And I said, "Oh, yeah, go for it. Do it." And so, she she painted that. Right below that is my old license plate for my Hawaii Food Tours. Oh, cool. >> see there. And Hawaii Food Tours was from 2004 to 2020 when COVID crushed me. And on the other side of the screen, you see one of our kitty cats up at the top. That's Verna Teriyaki. And, uh, And then, you see the Yankees gnome. And then, you know, a couple of other cookbooks and lights and candles and stuff like that. >> Yeah. So, you're a cat fan, too. Oh, yeah, we've got two. Verna Teriyaki and Smudgy. And, um, they were foster failures. So, are they Actually, we were foster failures. Have you ever heard that term? No. But, it's adorable. >> So, Lynn comes walking in one day with two little tiny little bundles of joy, uh, who are Smudge and Vern and Teriyaki and she said, "Well, I picked these up at the the the shelter and our job is to put a pound and a half on each of them so then we can return them and and they can go ahead and get adopted by someone." And so we were fostering them and of course foster failures was not a terminology I had never heard of before, but fell in love with them like in the first 3 seconds and uh that was almost 7 years ago. Oh, and they they had no idea what they were walking into with the love of food either, did they? They're like, "We can fatten you up in about 10 minutes. Let me Speaking of this, Elizabeth, I I make my kitties scrambled eggs every morning and they they eat daddy chicken all the time. So I'm always cooking I'm cooking for one of my three girls, you know, the kitties or Lynn at all times. There's always like food happening, you know, and stay out of my kitchen. Uh so, you know, that's what's happening in our world. >> Yeah, I we do that, too. We take the extra scraps of chicken and cook it up for the dogs or cats or whatever, but we actually had a Yeah, our cats are all rescued, too. We actually had a cat, so I've We aren't clever with our names. The cat One cat is gray and one cat is black, so they're gray kitty and black kitty and they come to those names and they're so cute. Is it gray with an A like my last name or is it with an E? >> No, it's with an A. Yep, so gray kitty and black kitty and black kitty just dropped all of her weight like about I don't know, yeah, about eight maybe eight months ago. And we were like, "Oh, this is going to be bad cuz this is our you know, love you know, total love kitty." So we took her to the um vet and she had a thyroid disorder. And I was afraid to take her to the vet cuz I didn't want to hear the news number one cuz that's super sad. And then I'm like, "And then how do you give a cat medication? That's not going to go so well." But that It's clever. It's a twist and it you dab it in their ears? Oh, okay. >> For >> It's just a twist of a medication and it dabs right in their ears. And you don't have to you're not trying to force pills down their mouths or drops or anything. >> that medication is absorbed by the ear apparently. >> It was so interesting to me. >> not in the ear but like on the ear. On the ear, like on the you like on the inside on the ear you just dab the medication and and it gets absorbed into the and it she's gained all of her weight back. My our son is watching her back in Maine and he's giving her the medication every day and Right. It enhances their appetite. Yeah. We had to do something like that also and it really does work. Yeah. Absolutely. >> Just don't rub it on me, please. >> Yeah, you have to be really careful not to get that on you. So there's all these things you have to put on your hands to to dab the medication in the ear but I thought that was pretty interesting. I love I love rescued cats so I'm I'm glad. And then we almost named our We named our dog Bahama. She came that way named Bahama so we kept the name but we almost named her Ziti. Cuz my husband's Italian and you were going to you were saying like exactly. What are you going to eat? But down here I just want to share another food story with you cuz we down here in South Carolina they have this thing called the Sons and Daughters of Italy. And last year we discovered it and they have all of these people who cook from the Sons and Daughters of Italy. They cook all the time but they're once a month on a Saturday the whole organization does a a food drive if you will. I'm just going to call it that because what you do is you take your car and yourselves and you go line up in your car. They give you a menu through your window of what you want to have. You drive around, you pay for it, you drive around again and they load it into your car. And it's everything your your nonna would make or your grandma would make. It it's it's everything. Pasta, meatballs, um eggplant parm, lasagna. The lasagna is amazing. And I was so excited because they're like, "You you can eat here. Everything's good. There's no peanuts, tree nuts, fish, or shellfish." And I'm like, "Right on. I'm going to gain 10 lb right here." Well, that's funny. Now, it's not like, you know, Italians are obsessive and compulsive about food, but they are. Oh, yeah. So, how is it that your husband is able to deal with not having that whole wide array of deliciousness at arms reach because of your allergies? He's pretty good about it. Um you know, we we have a I think there's a peanut and a cashew stash in the garage, um which is fine. >> goes out there and does his his thing. Yeah. But but overall, the allergy cave. No, but has his fish. >> Yeah, overall, we you know, overall, he doesn't like some of the things anyway, but if we go out to eat, I'll have what I have, and then he'll have his, you know, raw tuna or whatever it is, or you know, some type of salmon, or something that he wants to eat, shrimp scampi, or lobster. But one of the I was going to tell you before one of the neatest moments we've we had was when my my So, my dad had a stroke, and he was good enough to fly to Maine. My mom and he flew out to Maine, and we took him to York Harbor Inn. If you ever get a chance, go there. And he wanted lobster. So, out and and Maine lobster is the whole thing. And he had no idea coming from the Midwest what to do with that. So, my husband sat next to him and and cracked the whole thing and got all the lobster meat out for him. And it was one of the most special moments my our whole family remembers my husband and my dad sitting there with helping him crack his lobster cuz he was pretty much blind from his strokes. Wow. So, it was tremendous. And then we took him, I think, the next day or the day after to the Lobster Shack. Okay. So, when I was telling you those two places, they have special meanings in our heart, but the Lobster Shack is right on the cliffs in Cape Elizabeth, and people come from everywhere to eat lobster there. It's a beautiful place. You just gave me an idea that somebody should do an instructional on how to break down a lobster and how to eat one properly. Right? Right. Not me, but my husband could do that for sure. Yeah, he could for sure for sure do that. >> Okay, this is a big question. I know it's going through a lot of people's minds who's watching us or who are watching us right now, but when you and hubby go out to dinner and he has something that you're highly allergic to, does that mean like at the end of the night, no nookie, no breathing on me, any of that kind of thing? We got to brush teeth. Yeah. Really careful. In fact, somebody in the food allergy community just passed away from that actually. Somebody eating something and having residue and and the kiss ensued and and and unfortunately, yeah, the the yeah. So, you got to be really careful. So, sometimes he'll just be like, "And I'll have the steak." I'll have the steak. Just make it easy cuz he's looking forward to later. Yeah, he's so he's They're My husband and kids are so easy like that. It becomes becomes like Would do Would we rather have Mom here or not, you know, kind of thing and it it makes it an easier choice. So, they're pretty sweet about it. But, I don't know if anybody's ever really mad at me. No, I'm just kidding. And I always say my last meal is going to be like lobster cookies, you know, something I always say that my you know, my last meal is like Jordan almonds, Uh-huh. a huge lobster, you know, everything shrimp scampi, like all the things I love and know from before that I can't eat now, like stuffed crab, you know, stuffed crab. Yeah. All of it. >> Yeah. Yeah. Oh, that's interesting. I everybody should watch and listen to 50 Shades of Grey with Matthew Gray because you make your guests so comfortable and you're knowledgeable and it's a it's a really fun podcast to be on cuz it's just polite polite easy going conversation and um just I I don't know. I I think you're just super likable actually. You want to sit on here for you know, for a couple hours actually with you and hang out and and just chat about the world and life and food and so forth. So yeah, I I would I don't know. Hopefully you'll come over to my show and hang out. That's what I hope. >> Looking forward to it. What is the name of your show by the way in case people want to check that out? >> Um it's the Best Ever You Show. Nice. And so does it have a certain style? It must if you're the one who's running this operation. Um it's it's a cute It'll It's kind of like this. It's a It's down-to-earth kind of candid conversational. Um we'll we'll take guests back to kindergarten and see what they were like. I was going to ask you that for sure. Just But I kind of wanted to wait to make sure cuz yeah, I like >> my friend. I kind of like I don't want to know that yet. Um but you know, discovery. I think that's one of the thing too that I like about your podcast so much is that it's a discovery process with your guests. You you know, like it's it's clear that you've done some homework on on your guest. But we also go off in different directions and you go with the flow. And that's one of my favorite thing. So it's not scripted and rehearsed and canned and things like that cuz that's so limiting. And so I think with your show, it's limitless. You can you can you know, you can go anywhere with it. It's It's pretty fun. You could have any guest on here and and the topic of food brings people together whether you're allergic to it or not. Right. Right. It's a common bond we all have. Yeah. And I think everybody has things that they love to eat from their childhood or restaurants that they grew up with or things their their grandma made or their mom made or who you know or they make. And it's a it's a cool it's a really cool topic. It's a it's an emotional connection that gets people out of their TED Talk mentality and into their human side and allows me to reveal them a little bit easier that way. Yeah, cuz the TED Talks are there's a format. There's a format. I just In fact, I just went through that. Somebody's like, "Can you do a TED Talk?" I'm like, "I can, but I've avoided it to this point for a reason." A little bit. It's so structured and it's so it's so it lacks some of the details and I always want to go into detail. So it's it's a my TED Talk will be like 4 hours long, I'm afraid. So that's that's hard to condense a human, you know, into a couple minutes for a TED Talk. Oh, yeah. How long have you been doing your podcast now? Um since the earth began, it feels like. Um about 6 >> the earth was cooling. So for about 16 years, like when there weren't podcasts, like a really long >> Right. And it's got about 8 million downloads and um my first guest was Forbes Riley. So it was it it took off from there. It was really fun. But it felt at first like you were you were interviewing into thin air a little bit, like who's listening to this? Right. Yeah. It's always been like that in the radio industry now the podcast industry. It's always like that, you know. Yes, and it's it's very noisy out there. So the competition for time people's time is is a real thing. Oh, there are 5 million podcasts, not to mention 5 million authors. So yeah, that's why people can't really focus and do something that takes any more than a few seconds. If you don't catch them in 2 to 3 seconds, forget about it. Yeah, I would agree with you and there's 20 million books on Amazon now? 20 million books on Amazon. I'm like, "Wow." So, that So, for us to like come up 12 we're I woke up this morning 3 days in a row now. I'm like I saw us at 22. Then 20, 4 days in a row actually, then 15, then 12. And I'm like, "We are number 12." Out of 20 million. I'm like, "Right on." it appears to be a topic people need. Elizabeth, thank you so much for hanging with me here on 50 Dates of Great Today. I hope you had a good time. >> Oh, what a blast. Thank you so much, Matthew. It was really fun to be here. Before we sign off, what's your husband's favorite baseball team, professional? Oh, boy. That's he goes he he plays that Beat the Streak, so he goes to the different players. Um I would probably say that that's going to be tough. Probably probably the Yankees. I I would say I would say that for for sure, but you know, the teams in California, too. Just Yeah, I We have a really divided That's a That's a question, boy, because I'm a Twins fan. I'm sorry. Yeah. But, um the Red Sox You know, we all love the Red Sox. We live right there, so we root for them, but Well, you can't love the Red Sox and the Yankees, right? Your husband will tell you that. >> trying to say. That's I was going there. It's deep and conflicted. Yeah. >> Uh-huh. It's Our son had the green monster painted on his wall and and Red Sox everywhere, and we're like, "One has Twins." There's all sorts of baseball going on in the house, so >> Wow. I can feel it. I can feel it. Say aloha to everybody for me, Elizabeth, would you please? Yep. Aloha. Thanks for hanging. Thank you so much. >> Mhm.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheTasteBuds_USA [2 likes]: We've heard about her recently. Looking forward to your interview with Elizabeth, Matthew.
  2. @50tastesofgray [2 likes]: • 09:03 — Why Maine's most beloved food is also the one Elizabeth can't touch 
• 17:48 — The moment food allergies rewrote her family's entire travel life 
• 33:04 — What "authentic self-help" actually sounds like when nobody's performing 
• 45:13 — "Completing the business of the heart" — the line I couldn't shake for days after 
• 48:00 — Turning the tables: Elizabeth's question back to me
Grab Elizabeth's books here → https://www.elizabethguarino.com/

New episodes weekly from Honolulu. One guest. No rules. — Matthew
  3. @BestEverYOU [1 likes]: Thank you so much!

- Why We Chose Mexico for Our Snowbird Life. Would you?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello I'm Michael and I'm Jesse and we're free to wander now and we've wandered down to our home in badas Mexico and we've been here 2 months 2 months now enjoying the sun and the sand and we wanted to tell you what it's like to be a snowbird and share our experiences uh with being here this is our fourth winter here in Mexico and if you are interested in uh spending your Winters abroad and maybe in Mexico we wanted to discuss choosing Mexico as your winter destination and why yes we have uh enjoyed these Winters very much it's been a bit of a learning curve though there's lots of new things to get used to and of course that uh brings us to our first point or question is why Mexico and I think for us um the weather was number one weather was key uh we wanted it to be warm all the time uh Mexico offers that for several months of the year and the months that you would choose to come down uh for your winter break or for a long period of time that's right we did try a couple of other places out in the world so Portugal and Spain are wonderful options too we didn't find that those were as warm as we wanted them in the uh winter months right this time period in Portugal in Spain although it's very nice uh in the fall in Portugal and Spain as you get into December and the rest of the winter it can be uh unpredictable and the temperatures aren't so pleasant yeah we like to eat them so in the evening and be able to do lots of things that warm weather really allows and we were finding that um when we were there in December it started to get really cold and even inside um the homes aren't really heated and we didn't find it as comfortable as as we would like right we didn't feel this would be a long-term fit for us um we certainly were looking for warmer temperatures and consistent I think Mexico also offers the um the close proximity to Canada whereas Europe is um quite a long plane ride or southeast Asia as well yes we we wanted to be on the same land mass so that it would be easy to get back home whether to drive or fly um able to get home if we needed to in an emergency let's not forget of course the wonderful people of Mexico um the food of Mexico and the general wonderful Vibe of Mexico so there's really nothing like it so finding your place in Mexico we've been to several places in Mexico is a big country so so where's the best place for you right so we have been to a few different states in Mexico we have visited the island of Mill we've been to Cancun now our place is on the Pacific side which is what we chose for the weather and area that we loved because we love mountains but of course there's many different parts of Mexico that you could um visit it to try out yes so as Jesse has pointed out we felt we wanted a bit of the mountains we wanted the ocean also we wanted to be uh at sea level not up in the mountains because of course temperatures uh change once you raise an elevation so places like guadal laara or Mexico City can be beautiful and warm during the day but quite cold in the evenings so finding your place would be traveling around a bit and and seeing what areas would suit you best yeah we did drive down into and through Mexico so we've seen quite a bit of it and um there are many places that we want to return to um and see again uh Merida is uh another place that we've visited that um I could see us staying there we're close to P of viarta and we're close to other smaller communities therefore again our activities we have more to do and more Adventures that we can go on and of course having a place in Mexico gives us a great jumping off spot to visit different places in Central and South America um and maybe even Pacific that is interesting to us so um so this is why we chose here yes also it's very cost effective once you're in uh Mexico to travel to other destinations especially into South America so you have all of that area that you can travel while you're staying here in Mexico and of course you have all of Mexico to travel to you have opportunities to see many other areas in Mexico that you would love in Mexico there's a quite a high EXP hot Community uh in 2020 the Mexican census uh roughly estimated at 1 million expats living in Mexico there's many services available for all your needs so it makes it easier for you to live and get around in Mexico yeah definitely the infrastructure is there to uh have people uh who don't speak Spanish or um aren't sure of the Customs here uh definitely people will help you and make you feel welcome and comfortable and get uh the things you need to get done how to navigate yourself through you know office procedures um the health system the health system uh if you need government documents or if you need to file any documents um uh these communities will help you and guide your way keep in mind when you are in Mexico things take time and and if you're someone that relies on Services now well you're going to have to be patient and be understanding that our services here in Mexico are not like our services in Canada the us or other countries y embrace the differences embra embrace the differences there are differences between living in a resort and living as a snowbird so you may have come down to Mexico and stayed in an all-inclusive resort but being a snowbird is a completely different thing so you're cooking for yourself shopping for yourself more interaction with the community around you you're going to be out with uh other people who live in Mexico shopping and going to get your hair cut and doing all of the things in daily living uh but you're going to uh attempt to do it in another language sometimes and you're going to um have to figure out a different way to do some things this of course is all part of the interest and the fun of being a snowbird in a foreign country the difference between living in a resort atmosphere and a condo atmosphere is that it'll give you much more uh availability to get out in the community and to take care of yourself as you would if you were living at home a lifestyle of being a snowbird is different than being a nomad so Nomad is a term that has been used a lot lately um we did try out a nomadic lifestyle so you don't have a permanent home but travel around typically for a month or two at a time going to different places in the world and this is you know it's a very interesting Dynamic way to live um ultimately we decided it wasn't for us long term though no uh we gave it a try right uh but we decided we did want to have a home base for at least part of the Year yes so we have a shared family uh residence back home and uh we also have a camper van Tia Maria Tia Maria and and so that is uh gives us our excitement and Adventures when we're back home in Canada and allows us to travel through Canada and anywhere else in North America we do um travel internationally as well um and that's often in the spring and fall and then of course um we have our um house sitting Adventures yes we are international house sitters and that's really fun it's a um a really rich part of our life where we get to reconnect with pets and enjoy uh someone else's home for a little while and so that's been a really fun interesting thing to do for us too would the area you're choosing be sufficient for your family to come visit yeah and even your parents too so sometimes people do have of course parents to consider and how their needs may change change over time if you are going to be away several months that's certainly something to consider having a place perhaps that family can come and visit you is is something or you may find that um it's best for uh you to visit them when you're back home most of the time I think every family is going to be unique and different in this way depending on the Dynamics one of the things that we wanted to do was try out um different places on the Pacific coast of Mexico and what it was like to live in different areas so um we wanted to try out what it was like to um have a place on the ocean right so we started on the ocean and we first tried in a smaller Community but in our price range we found that in order to have a place on the ocean it had to be somewhat remote and so we didn't find that that was the best fit for us that makes it quite difficult when you're trying to get shopping or or get around or or if you're active um you're taking the bus often or driving or you need to drive which we wanted somewhere where we could walk out our door and have everything accessible great so ultimately for us that was moving to a smaller community and um that's where we found that we could enjoy the amenities of the local um town here in badas and this ultimately was the best for us but um we like cities so we would I think have also enjoyed um staying in Port of aarda or one of the other cities as well we did try P of varda Y we were in the neighborhood of versas and we loved it there that would definitely be an option um but again we wanted to be a little closer to the beach and we want a little bit more tradition in our community we want a traditional authentic authentic Mexico and uh so that's what we got uh it's quite Lively in our neighborhood and uh we like that we like the sound of barking dogs and chickens and roosters and we love music but I don't think it's for everyone and it's something that you should live with for a little while to see if it's right for you right and this is trying it on you it's very important for you to expose yourself to different communities in Mexico because there's certainly quieter neighborhoods that may suit you and uh so that's very important so another thing to consider is are there folks around for you to socialize with this is very important um although we like to have our quiet time we definitely enjoy socializing and meeting new people of course it helps if you are missing family and friends to have somebody close by to uh enjoy spending time with activities and ultimately making new friendships um and enriching your life that way one of the things that we have is that um it's nice to um meet so many people that are about our same age and stage of life and we have really found um that uh being here together in a foreign Place brings us closer together and ultimately we've had a great time yeah and also we're sharing the same goals and interests uh uh basically living the same lifestyle so makes uh making new relationships quite easy yeah and finding um people with like-minded interests um right right away and that's really great too of course when you are away for the whole winter you miss things and some of the big things are family celebrations and um important family moments um and so uh that is definitely a downside and something that uh I think you should consider even the shared experiences like big snowfalls and um the first signs of spring um kind of miss that when you're out of touch with people and uh um and you're not noticing so much the change of the seasons right and also keep in mind that this is a time maybe now for you and your partner to spend quality time together and that there are many ways to reach out to family and friends or grandchildren and you can keep that line of contact open all the time yeah so there's lots of different ways to Snowbird you can um come down to Mexico with a trailer you can rent a place you can buy a place you can maybe um uh decide to travel right around Mexico um whatever you decide works for you um but there is no one way to do it we found lots of different people um some just come for a couple of weeks in a year some months at a time so um there's lots of flexibility there yeah so where renting or buying uh there could be financial implications uh of both so buying a property in a foreign country you should absolutely um do your research in this and make sure that you understand all the implications absolutely um and our tax implications and of course implications for your uh portfolio and it's a big decision and like all decisions needs careful consideration yeah you really need to plan it out and that's why it's so important to come down and just feel your way out and and take baby steps on your approach to uh maybe living a life here in Mexico full-time uh that is something really to consider age matters because you're spending 6 months or so in another country there is Health Care to consider and there uh is a time of life where um it gets to be much more difficult to come to Mexico or any other foreign country yes due to the cost of your health care uh insurance so obviously the older you get the more expensive it gets to have health care coverage um so these are factors uh to consider and you may decide that you know you don't want to come down anymore for whatever reasons if um uh of course only one of you needs to have a change in health status and then it'll affect uh your decision to be able to come to Mexico for the winter and I think that that does um uh increase with age the chance of perhaps something going wrong for that year um now there are ways around it of course and we know many people that are in their 70s and 80s still coming to Mexico and having a wonderful time uh they are fit healthy and love coming down all winter and I would say that that is more the norm um definitely for the people that we know um but of course everybody has their own unique situation and so um definitely uh the age you are when you uh decide to become a snowbird I think is important that's right so keep that in mind that uh you will have to budget for your health care insurance and uh and any health conditions you may have will reflect the cost of your health care we have experience speaking with older folks when we had our businesses and one of the things that um we heard over and over again is don't wait too long um and we did take this um advice to Heart quite seriously I would pass that advice on to you as well yeah to be really reminded did um that the sooner you can enjoy and get away with your partner how important it really is for you both different parts of your life demand making decisions together and one of the decisions that we made was um what were uh our future year is going to look like and how did we want to spend them and I think that it's important to have that intention um because uh all of a sudden years pass and you haven't realized um uh how much you may have missed out on talking about your dreams and hopes can create a whole new future for you both exactly

  Top Comments:
  1. @allenchecora3219 [2 likes]: We choose PV for our winter get away.  It's amazing.
  2. @Mike-c6f4k [1 likes]: I’m a single male with a dog and plan on retiring in about 8 months at 60yrs. Visited Thailand for three weeks in January but too hot for me, it’s also so far. Mexico is close and the temperatures are nice. Hopefully I can start in the winter of 2026/27.
  3. @sterlinghswain [1 likes]: Great info guys! We also love Bucerias and the west coast of Mexico.
  4. @cynthiam1381 [1 likes]: Thanks for sharing info, i am looking for 2 bedroom rental for 3 months 2026 , any information would be helpful
  5. @BuceriasRodHardy [1 likes]: Nope, I live in Mexico full time
  6. @JodyReedy [1 likes]: Would Bucerias be a good location for a solo woman over 60 to snowbird in?
  7. @freetowandernow [1 likes]: If you aspire to be a Mexican snowbird where would you go? 
If you would like to know more about housesitting, leave a comment or click this link 

Join the world of pet lovers offering in-home pet care for a free place to stay. Use this link to join with 25% off. https://www.trustedhousesitters.com/refer/RAF476974/?utm_medium=refer-a-friend&utm_campaign=refer-a-friend&utm_source=app_native_share&fm=2
  8. @marlenemaschke3763: Did you buy or do you rent your place? Do you fly or drive? Do you take your pets with you? We have a home in florida but might be looking for a change.   Do you know of any villages that they are alot of Canadians?
  9. @stormywinds6497: Many Ebikes there?
  10. @WilliamsOWilliams: Your video was very informative and enjoyable to watch. Thanks for sharing your video!

- Retirement - The Secret Life of a Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en what does it feel like to be a snowbird are you kidding me what do you think it feels like come on i'll show you it feels big what does it feel like to be a snowbird it feels wet so what does it feel like to be a snowbird g56 g56 it's frustrating it feels lucky hi i'm lynne schrider the author of a brand new book the secret life of a snow girl i've written some warm and humorous stories about what it's really like to be a winter refugee or a snowbird as we're called from golf to bingo from spring training to swap meets i give you my perspective on the lifestyle that all of the snowbirds can relate to so if you're looking for something to read this snowbird season check out my new book the secret life of a snowbird why you might even find yourself on some of its pages now what does it really feel like to be well it certainly doesn't feel like that you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sweetbabymayhew: Conca Winny!

- Christ's Example of Love: Kind: captions Language: en I was talking about the steadfast love of God and so I wanted to contrast like our love like human love sentimental love with God's steadfast covenantal NeverEnding sacrificial love and and so I was thinking about you know and maybe you'd relate to this well me and my wife uh Sarah when we were first together and dating and we didn't date for very long we had a very short period of time before learning each other's names and when we got married which for us was great and but I remember you remember I mean if I just not even like held her hand but like if our hands brushed each other's hand like are you kidding me and then yeah like hold her hand and you feel like you're plugged in somewhere like it's just electric you know now like if I hold her hand now you know what I feel clammy like my hand gets sweaty that's nice for like a second like you know when you see an old couple holding hands and people like like you know young ignorant people will be like a oh no it's not cute it's not out of affection it's for balance they're just being practical he's got a bum knee her hip need surgery like they're just trying to get from point A to point B like we're in this together yes testify yeah but you know like that type of love when it was like exciting and everything's knew and I mean that was fun it was fun it was great I love her so much more now right like that love was it had its season you know whatever you call it puppy lover you know there's a place for it it was exciting and fun I wouldn't go back there for anything unless I could actually be 22 oh never mind maybe for like a weekend at the beach that'd be great I'd go back but just for a short time because man my love for her now like it doesn't comp it's so much more mature it's so much deeper and more meaningful like even just the things that we've already persevered through together right like raising children like w walking through miscarriages dealing with grandparents passing away like the fights the arguments the good times the memories like baptizing our our children seeing our kids confess and believe in Jesus the going through the adoption process get like all those things but even like that even that I mean it's good and it it is so much more real as it like biblical love has been put into practice but even that's not what our hope really rests on like our hope for our marriage to persevere Faithfully to the end our hope that our marriage will ultimately glorify and and demonstrate the gospel like our hope for marriage is not based on our shared experience or our emotion like our hope for our marriage is that it rests on the love of God as displayed in the Life Death and resurrection of Jesus like that's the hope for our marriage so we come into this verse and is so powerful he says this I'm actually I I'll start in verse four again just for the context he says love is patient and kind love does not Envy or boast it is not arrogant or rude it does not insist on its own way it's not irritable or resentful it does not rejoice at wrongdoing but rejoices with the truth here's our verse love bears all things love believes all things love hopes all things love endures all things that's powerful and so in in the the way that it's structured the tense of everything is like it's continuous the idea that love is continuously responding to circumstances and to people with this this type of response this type of love and the first one that we come to where he says love bears all things now the ESV says it Bears all things um the NIV says says it this way it says love always protects the New American Standard the way they translate it they say love keeps everything in confidence one scholar translated this way he said love covers all things it's interesting like the the range that the word has CU if just in English the word to you know like to Bear all things to Bear up under all things is similar to how the verse ends with that love endures all things but it seems like the better translation the better understanding is that love protects All Things by covering it by covering it it's cool idea listen to this love covers shame instead of exposing it love covers insecurities instead of exploiting them love covers shortcomings instead of resenting them love protects what's vulnerable and I get this picture in my mind like you you remember the story of Noah right they they come off the boat and it's obviously good reason to celebrate and so they remember Noah he plants a Vineyard and when the grapes mature he they make wine and Noah has too much and passes out and he's naked you remember the story and his one son is exploiting it and you remember what the other two boys do they get a sheet and they stretch it out between them and they walk back WS over their father until they've covered him without even looking at his nakedness they cover his shame I think and that's the picture that this word carries that when I love someone when I see their sin when I see their shortcomings when I see their failures or they do something to offend me that my my reaction is not to exploit it my my my knee-jerk response isn't to just be offended Ed but my but if I'm operating out of the love of Christ then it's to cover it not not in the way that like to sweep it under the rug like he's not talking about that we ignore sin because one this isn't the only verse in the Bible and there's plenty that talks about how with a brother or sister in Christ so how much more with our spouse that there's a place to confront sin there's a place for correction and rebuke and and talking through these things but there's also place for yeah it's just it's covered where we cover it so what what does it mean that we would cover one another's sins and shortcomings uh Charles Spurgeon said this he said true love refuses to see fals unless it be that she may kindly help and their removal if I am going to focus on my spouse's shortcoming it should be for the purpose of aiding in her sanctification love bears all things love bears All Things by protecting others from exposure ridicule or harm genuine love does not gossip or listen to gossip even when a sin is certain love tries to correct it with the least possible hurt and harm to the guilty person love never protects sin but is anxious to protect the sinner love never protects sin but is anxious to protect the sinner listen to the these verses from Proverbs Proverbs 10:12 hatred stir up Strife but love covers all offenses Proverbs 19 11 Good Sense wisdom makes one slow to anger and it is his glory to overlook an offense and then Psalm 103 verse 8 through2 this is good I got excited about this the Lord showed me this just this afternoon because I was thinking okay what does it mean it's his glory to overlook an offense makes one slow to anger right biblical wisdom biblical love makes one slow to anger it's his glory to overlook an offense verse 8 Yahweh is merciful and gracious slow to anger and abounding instead fast love he will not always chde nor will he keep his anger forever he does not deal with us according to our sins nor repay us according to our iniquities for as high as the heavens are above the Earth so great is his steadfast love towards those who fear Him as far as as the East is from the West so far does he remove our transgressions from us I was thinking like that passage right there he's quoting the psalm writer is quoting God when do you remember when Moses goes up on the mountain it's like the the bookend experiences of Moses's life is the burning bush and then when he goes up on the mountain towards the end when he's getting the law and he asked God he says I he asked God he says I I want to see your face which say fast because he's been meeting with God face to face the Bible says but he's asking to see God in this more intimate way and God says you can't see my face and live but what I'll do is I'll I'll put you in the cff of the mountain I'll put you in the cleff of the Rock I'm going to put my hand over you and I'm going to pass by I'm going to pass by my glory is going to pass by and I'll declare my name my nature my character and this is what he says about himself that his love it's steadfast that he's slow to anger that he forgives sin he's saying and that's my glory you want to see my glory you want to see my face know me through my steadfast Love That Forgives and covers sin so that later when the psalm writer says if you get this if you get it if you get biblical love if love is on display in your life then you are sharing in the glory of God when you forgive sin when you cover sin when you allow the love of God to over Overlook it and your spouse when you don't see it and hold it against them when you don't see it and become bitter and resentful when you don't store up evidence against your spouse to use later when you let it go when when you you share in the glory of God I had one Pastor years ago he always used to say it was I think it was just happen stance but he would always say this as they were passing the offering plate but just by chance he at that moment he would always say you're never more like Jesus than when you're giving totally just ironic but I think oh no like we're never more like God than when we're forgiving sin we're never like sharing in his glory more than when we're doing what he does when he puts his love on full display we Overlook sin we cover sin how do we do that Psalm 32 1-2 says how joyful is the one whose transgression is Forgiven whose sin is covered how joyful is a person whom the Lord does not charge with the iniquity and whose spirit is no deceit it's awesome that first proverb we read it says man hatred stirs up Strife but what he's saying here is yeah but so our marriages can be marked by bitterness and hatred and enmity we can be at war with one another or he says man what what happens when you forgive is it brings joy that love will bring joy when we're for forgiving one another overlooking each other's sins 1 Peter 4:8 most important of all continue to show deep love for each other for love covers a multitude of sins so how like how does that cover how do we cover one another's sins like it's a picture of yeah throwing a throwing a a a cloak over it right we're we're hiding it we're concealing it covering it I think that picture that we had the other night the long quote of Adam and Eve being covered in the pelts of those animals and how raw visceral that was and I think oh yeah yeah that's intense because that's how Jesus has covered us how did Jesus cover us he literally made atonement right that's that's what the word atonement means is that he covered our sins it's a picture from the old Old Testament sacrificial system that in the Tabernacle there's a place called the holy of holies where God's presence was to dwell and in that room the only thing in that room is the Ark of the Covenant this box that held the tablets of the law and a few other things and on top of that was this slab of gold called The Mercy Seat and the picture is God's presence dwelling with us but his presence dwelling over the law that we've broken it's a reminder of our guilt and our shame and our sin but then once a year Provisions made for the priest to come in with the blood of a lamb first for himself and then for the people and to place the blood of the Lamb on the mercy seat and make a covering but Jesus Takes that picture even further because he does he covers our sin he covers our shame but more than that the Bible says he satisfies God's Wrath he makes propitiation for our sins he satisfies God's Wrath towards us so that we can be forgiven so we can be redeemed and reconciled to God that he does he separates as far as the east as the west from our sin not in theory in reality God is the author of all truth and he declares us to be righteous in Jesus he not only removes the guilt and shame but he then encloses us in the righteousness of Christ so what does it mean for us to then cover our spouse it means this to see them and to think about them through the lens of the finished work of Jesus in their life they already are covered that sin that shortcoming that failure Jesus already died and he already rose again for it they're already clothed in the righteousness of Christ and so it is an act of of our will in out of love to see them as forgiven as righteous to not take personal offense to not hold it against them if almighty God who is Holy and just is not holding that against them what right do I have to hold it against them good answer none zero but I can choose to see them as and they're forgiven and just like me they're going through this process of sanctification where God has promised he is making us more and more like Jesus see everything through the lens of the atonement Jesus covers our shame he covers Us in his righteousness Jesus defends us from all assaults he's our Advocate against all accusations you know this right Satan the Devil the the accuser of the Brethren what's he do he makes accusations to the to God about us that are true he accuses us of where we're guilty he accuses us of our sin and what does Jesus do as our advocate he reminds the father that oh no no has paid for they're righteous they're holy they're blameless I think man I want I want to grab this because what happens the battle in my flesh the battle in our flesh in our relationships and how much more in marriage is that when there's sin when there's friction when there's faults and failures is that I in my flesh I will make accusations against my wife and I've got to back up and see that for what it is who who am I siding with in that moment moment that's demonic that's satanic to make accusations to point out sin yeah Satan does that what what is Jesus do forgiven righteous redeemed reconciled loved adopted so in those moments I have the opportunity to choose as an act of my will in submission to Christ to demonstrate God's love to not hold that against him now again back up like wisdom and discernment right there's there's a place for confronting when When sin becomes habitual when they're really when it's affecting relationship family ministry but Lord willing I I believe I'm a better man Pastor preach preacher husband father because my wife has had the courage to confront me on issues right at times to cover and at times to lovingly confront to point it out there's a place for that and if she ever sins I'm going to return the favor what read this so much of this is one in our thoughts right that that's where the battle is taking place and I think and I I know for us you know and Spencer said it this morning right we don't stand up here on our own authority we're standing on the authority of scripture and I know in in our marriage man when I've you know when I'm struggling when I'm in the flesh when I'm not loving like this and I'm being selfish and carnal you know it it's so easy to get lost in your thoughts and to build up evidence against your spouse and why you're right and they're wrong and why why it's okay that you're positioning yourself to be better than them and I think if we're not careful what happens over time if that's not if that's not put in check right is is that we we do become embittered and and and strife becomes the mark of our marriage instead of Joyful fellowship and I think how how how do you undo that how do how do you come back from that and maybe that's where some of you are where you feel like man it's been such a pattern for so long of fighting makeup and fight makeup and try to manipulate emotions so that we can like ride away for a while and have lovey feelings towards each other but it's not substantial we always cycle back to this moment of fighting and how do we like I think man it may not sound super profound but it just ask a question like because I know for me this is not not just my relationship sh with my wife but just people in general that you're going to be around is if I really want my thoughts to change towards them man I have to pray for him I have to be in prayer for him and this may not seem profound and it may seem just like basic 101 but for real do you pray for your spouse for me I try to be so disciplined to do this and and I always go to the prayer that Paul prays in Colossians 1 starting in verse 9 and I just pray that over my wife I just pray that for her it's just really hard if it's your if it's your Habit to pray for somebody's sanctification that they would know God more and love Jesus better and serve him Faithfully to the end it just becomes hard to Harbor hateful or resentful thoughts and feelings because God's changing them no it's changing me changing me that intentional time believes all things I'll go quicker on these next couple maybe believes All Things One Pastor said this love chooses to believe the best about people it gives them the benefit of the doubt it refuses to fill this is good it refuses to fill in the unknowns with negative assumptions and when our worst hopes are proven to be true love makes every effort to deal with them and move forward as much as possible love focuses on the positives so this isn't talking about like love believes all things in in a gullible way you know obviously and love loves truth right Truth and Love cannot be separated so it's not just hey believe anything what what's the heart what he's saying he's talking about within relationships yeah believe what's best extend one another the benefit of the doubt Colossians 31 12-14 since God chose you to be the holy people he loves you must clothe yourselves with tenderhearted Mercy kindness humility gentleness and patience making here it is making allowance for each other's faults and forgiving anyone who offends you remember the Lord forgave you so you must must forgive others above all clothe yourself with love which binds us all together in Perfect Harmony man to believe what's best this is where we don't some I'm guilty of this some people act and I sometimes I act as if I have a superpower to discern other people's motivations well that's a dangerous game we do that don't we when we start to gossip when we start to slander we wouldn't call it that probably in the moment but we begin to talk about people as if we know their motivations and the deal is in our flesh We Stand ready to believe all things in our flesh we're ready to believe all things if they're negative if we're trashing somebody if we're pointing out their faults and failures so that we feel better and but what he's saying is no no no biblical love what it frees us to do is opposite instead of filling in all the unknowns with negativity and thinking the worst we fill in the unknowns by thinking the best why because we're just ignorantly optimistic no it's tied to the next point we hope all things because of the promises and the Assurance of the work of the holy spirit in one another we believe in the sanctifying work of the Gospel where God has promised he who began a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ and that includes your spouse if they're a Believer so we fill in the unknowns with that God sanctify him he probably didn't mean it that way he probably wasn't taking a shot at my physical appearance when he said that you're welcome guys she W she wasn't saying I'm stupid and that guy is is better at fixing thing like you know like we we take offense so easy and can I tell you a secret thank you okay this first part's not a secret I'm not super smart not super you guys have known me for a while not super deep I I try not to complicate things like it's simple and like my marriage isn't perfect man I I I'd stand up to you know i' confess like I have hurt my wife more than any other person has hurt some hurt her like I I regret it and and God's Grace has been huge and I think at the end of the day we have an awesome marriage we really we love each other love each other it's good we're raising kids and we got four kids three of them are already following Jesus like man it's just awesome love it I think I just want to keep things simple and and and I'll just say this man life is more enjoyable if you're hard to offend if you take offense easy man everyone loses you're constantly upset and somebody else is either frustrated or walking on eggshells trying not to offend you man that's just a that's just an L for everybody but but here's the truth like we don't have to stay there like if that's if that's where you find yourself where you're find yourself constantly offended at jokes and remarks and and filling in what people's motivations were for why they did something or why they said something you don't have to stay there and renew your mind with the truth of scripture renew your mind with the hope that the go gospel offers us bask daily get before the cross and remind yourself of God's love for you what Jesus did in his life death and Resurrection to free you from that allow his joy to overflow in your life and it just I think it's some of it's just simple like man just be nice to each other assume the best about one another give each other the benefit of the doubt don't Harbor resentful thoughts and feelings man release release that to the Lord hope saw things I love this biblical hope is not wishful thinking right it's confident expectations expectation in the promises of God God's calling us to to trust him right to rest on his promises already said one right that he who began a good work in you will complete it un the day of Jesus Christ what an what an awesome promise he here's the deal like you are not trusting your spouse's ability to become better right to be better to get their act together to straighten up to fix things like your trust isn't in them your trust your hope is in the work of the holy spirit in your spouse your faith doesn't rest on them your faith rest on Jesus and we have that promise he's going to do that work the day is coming when myself and my spouse we we will be made perfect forever in the presence of Jesus all ability to offend each other to harm each other to say hurtful things to sin against one another it'll all be removed all temptation gone all sinful desires gone all bad motivation gone like it'll be gone we'll be made like Jesus and here's the irony will be in heaven and we won't be married anymore what worked on them so hard we trust the process and then we begin to look for it to look for grace in one another's lives man but that just that has to start with first seeing it and receiving it and believing it in our own life that God's extending that to me and if he would extend it to me then he's extending it to my spouse and all I I have the privilege and the honor of aiding in this person's sanctification this work that God is absolutely going to do I get to invest in that and that investment will absolutely pay off a thousandfold it's a privilege and an honor that comes with marriage endures all things endures all things in the Greek this is a military term used of an Army's holding a vital POS position at all cost every hardship and every suffering was to be endured in order to hold fast as applied to Agape Love Paul is saying that this Supernatural love is able to sustain the assaults of an enemy this love is enabled by the Holy Spirit to endure persecutions and a patient and loving spirit with no desire to retaliate or reject they remain steadfast in the faith of unpleasant circumstances that's from a precept Austin website it's good to endure all things that's the goal of our marriage is to to persevere to be faithful to the end that's the goal for every believer is to remain faithful to the end how do we persevere how do we persevere we look to Jesus the ultimate example Hebrews 12 1-3 this will be the closing thought therefore since we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses let us also lay aside every weight and sin which clings so closely let us run with endurance the race that is set before us looking to Jesus the founder perfector of our faith who for the joy that was set before him endured the cross despising the shame and is seated at the right hand of the Throne of God consider him who endured from Sinners such hostility against himself such you may not grow weary or faint-hearted we look to Jesus and his perseverance his endurance his example not just to look to his example to try to be better but by looking to Christ by listening to Christ and he transforms us like that power to endure is available to us whatever hardships whatever suffering whatever trials from within the marriage and the pressures coming from without that we can endure Faithfully as we look to Jesus as we sit at his feet as we remind ourselves of the gospel and as we see each other through the covering that Christ has already provided the removal of guilt and shame the covering of his righteousness

- The Brown Family Is Looking To Snowbird To Lead Them Through This Crisis: Kind: captions Language: en I noticed that everybody kind of seems to be in their ey quiet we're all here but we're all in our heads kind of pH I think it's cuz nobody really knows what to say really nobody wants to say the word cancer nobody wants to say the word cancer over the years a lot of things have tried to knock us down we've come across a lot of obstacles but we could fix them all I think why this is the hardest is because we can't fix it but my family finds strength uh with each other uh more than anything else we're all strong people who are there for each other and everything but everybody's their moments you and I I mean you're the oldest girl and the oldest guy there is that point of like realizing that people look to you kind I don't know it's weird well I guess it it puts a lot of stress on me to always try and be well like that confident one the it'll be okay cuz it's like I have emotions too I just try and hide them my sister's tough she's tougher than any of us Brothers she's the one that always looks at me and she's like no Matt we'll make this work Matt will do this look at it the entire house is wanting to fold like this this is not good I just don't think it's worth it anymore guys now is not when to give up yes it's a lot of work but that shouldn't stop us giving up is just not in our nature even uh when she was just a little girl and we we were all you know crazy kids running around sticks bird inspires there's no eye and Team guys bird is so much better at being in charge than I am well that's cuz I'm Smiley and happy especially in this time with Mom we're all going to kind of rely on birdie to do what she does you know she's Mini Mom and she takes care of everybody love you sweetie

  Top Comments:
  1. @suzymck1714 [4 likes]: Snowbird, Matt obviously loves and respects you, and expresses it to your face. Go find Matt, tell him you love him, and welcome him back.
  2. @henrygantz7659 [3 likes]: Poor Bird. Socially stunted adolescent. Shame on Billy.
  3. @josecarvlho356 [2 likes]: Its awesome what Matt feels about about little Bird , These guys are awesome
  4. @suzymck1714 [1 likes]: Bird, you get credit for holding the wolf pack together, soon what happened with Matt? He stumbled, he lost family support and his contract to the show. Billy said he would do this, and he flexed his muscle, and did. It shocks me that you didn't love Matt enough to stand by him. He would have you.
  5. @Nightshift10000 [1 likes]: Birds like the glue that keeps the siblings together.
  6. @bohemioscuu [1 likes]: Shes gorgeous!
  7. @nancyburall99 [1 likes]: Bless their hearts ✝️❤️🙏
  8. @Duke_Bootee: And in 2026 that entire family cannot stand Matt and refuse to acknowledge his existence 😅
  9. @bobburesh7185: Fake
  10. @PRTTYBTTRFLY1: More ❤️
  11. @King1Kenobi: R.I.P billy
  12. @Down.Range.: Fuck this WHOLE family.  They deserve everything coming to them.  They've been living and portraying a fake lifestyle, and getting rich off it.
  13. @larisforschen3173: God bless you and family from dunseith ND Native American Chippewa single
  14. @clementinacruzzuniga7347: ~e gustan estas istorias en español gracias
  15. @mariaprieto9681: Video vimos un video donde salía la serie pero que no en escuchan sino en otro canal
  16. @MsSaraKirkpatrick: Yay, Birdy!
  17. @joedillinger6725: Is your show real or fake
  18. @joedillinger6725: Did ami pass
  19. @nightstar8073: Love snowbird
  20. @aafreefire6657: Eu adorooo vcs lindos

- The Untold Truth of Snowbird Brown… What REALLY Happened After The Show?: Kind: captions Language: en You thought you knew Snowbird Brown, but what if I told you she almost lost everything? Her family, her health, and the life she once knew. This is the story no one is talking about. You probably remember her as the quiet, wild-hearted girl from the wilderness. But what really happened to Snowbird Brown after the cameras stopped rolling? Because behind that calm personality, there's a story filled with pain, survival, and a life that completely changed. Snowbird Brown, also known as Birdie, became famous through the hit reality show Alaskan Bush People. A show that followed the Brown family living deep in the wilderness, far away from modern society. But here's what many people don't realize. That life wasn't as simple as it looked. From a very young age, Snowbird was different from the rest of her family. While others were loud and adventurous, she was quiet, deeply connected to nature, and incredibly emotional. She didn't need attention. She didn't chase fame. She just wanted peace. And maybe that's why fans connected with her the most. But everything changed. In 2021, tragedy hit the Brown family hard. Their father, Billy Brown, the man who built their entire lifestyle, suddenly passed away after a seizure. And Snowbird was there. She witnessed those final moments and that moment broke something inside her. Losing not just a father but the leader of the family. After his death, everything started falling apart. The family dynamic changed. Responsibilities shifted and Snowbird had to grow stronger whether she was ready or not. But then something even more terrifying happened. In 2022, Snowbird began experiencing severe abdominal pain. At first, she ignored it just like someone used to surviving harsh conditions would. But the pain got worse. So bad that she couldn't even stand properly. Eventually, she was rushed to the hospital. And that's when doctors discovered something shocking. A large tumor inside her body. At that moment, everything changed again. There was fear, uncertainty, and the possibility that her life could take a completely different turn. She had to undergo surgery. And while the operation was successful, the emotional impact stayed with her. Imagine going from living freely in the wild to suddenly fighting for your own health. That kind of shift changes a person. But here's where Snowbird surprised everyone. Instead of breaking down, she started rebuilding herself. After the show slowed down and eventually stopped, Snowbird chose a different path. She didn't chase Hollywood. She didn't try to become a typical celebrity. Instead, she went back to what she loved the most, nature, animals, and a simple life. She even started creating handmade items like dreamcatchers and crafts, turning her passion into something meaningful. And slowly she began building her own identity. Not as just a member of the Brown family, but as Snowbird, her own person. At the same time, the Brown family itself was facing major struggles. After Billy's death, tensions started rising. There were rumors, conflicts, and even legal issues involving some family members. The once tight-knit family was no longer the same. And through all of this, Snowbird stayed mostly quiet. No drama, no public fights, just distance. And maybe that silence says everything. Because sometimes the strongest people are the ones who choose peace over chaos. Today, Snowbird continues to live a low-key life. She spends time with animals, stays connected to nature, and occasionally shares glimpses of her life online. But one question still remains. Is she truly happy? Or is she still carrying the weight of everything she went through? Because when you look deeper, her story isn't just about survival in the wilderness. It's about surviving loss, fear, and change. And maybe that's why people are still so drawn to her. Not because she's loud, not because she's dramatic, but because she's real. And in a world full of noise, that's rare. So the next time you see Snowbird Brown, remember you're not just looking at a reality TV star. You're looking at someone who faced loss, fear, and uncertainty and still chose to keep going.

  Top Comments:
  1. @devyadevyani320: Life hits different off camera.    Real strength isn’t on camera… it’s what she went through after 💯”
  2. @devyadevyani320: She always seemed so strong on Alaskan Bush People… now I respect her even more”

- Families Flock to Snowbird to Ride New Tram: Kind: captions Language: en later this evening. Courtney. >> All right. Thank you, Nate. And checking in on the greatest snow on Earth. Families visiting Snowbird over the long weekend were treated to a new way to hit the slopes. The resort opened its new trams on Friday and ABC for reporter Kate Garner has the story. >> This is the new tram at Snowbird. We are going up and down is really get a good feeling and it felt like we are flooding. Madison, her brother Aaron, going my favorite was going down. >> And their dad, Patrick being on the top and then seeing the absolute pristine views. It extremely clear. And what a superb day for some of the first passengers. >> They made the trip just to experience the mountain views on a tram with floor to ceiling windows. They weren't alone. The most favorite part was watching the skiers go down. >> This is the first time I have been up there and it was absolutely amazing. All these ad and his family are visiting from sunny Las Vegas, a very high. >> While you were at the same hundreds, if not thousands of people followed suit. The tram rides have come to a close for the day and of all the people I spoke to, I only heard of one downside. >> The wait to get on the tram. Some say they waited more than 30 minutes, but once on board it was worth it. When we were going down 10, it was going pretty fast. So >> how is Snowbird going to top this? Excitement will have these cabins for the next 50 years. And that's why we took so much time in the design and all the elements that go into But come next summer, we'll have the balcony installed and

- Snowbird opens celebrating its 50th anniversary: Kind: captions Language: en LEGISLATURE DOES NOT APPEAR INCLINED TO CREATE MORE LICENSES. TOD>>AY'S OPENING DAY SNOWBIRD AND ALSO THE RESORT'S 50TH ANNIVERSARY. FOX THIRTEEN'S LEXI JOHNSON IS LIVE THERE NOW WITH HOW PEOPLE ARE CELEBRATING. WE'VE GOT ANOTHER RESORT OPENED. >> HI, OH, I SEE SOME BARE GROUND. >> HEY, GOOD MORNING, DAN AND TERRY. YES, A LITT LEBIT ON THIS SIDE. BUT THIS SIDE LOOKS FANTASTIC AND WE'LL SHOW YOU THAT A BIT. BUT TODAY IS BIRD STOCK AND PEOPLE ARE DECKED OUT IN THEIR 70'SGA RRETT TO CELEBRATE THE ANNIVERSARY. SO PEOPLE LINED UP THIS MORNING AT THE LYFT HAS OPENED AT 9. NOW THE MUSIC AND FREE SWAG HAD EVERYONE EXCITED TO HIT THE SLOPES FOR THE FIRST TIME THIS SEASON. ONE FAMILY WHO'S BEEN SKIING HERE FOR 20 YEARS SAYS THEY'RE GRATEFUL F OR ANOTHER SEASON. >> THE GREATEST PLACON EARTH, MAN, SNOWBIRDS NUMBER ONE, THERE'S NO BETTER SKI RESORT IN UTAH FAR AS I'M CONCERNED. SO THIS IS A GREAT PLACE. WE' RELUCKY IN FORTUNATE TO BE ABLE TO SKI HE. >> THERE ARE 3 LIFT OPEN TODAY WI TOP TO BOTTOM SKIING. THE RESORT SAYS THEY WILL HAVE A FULL EVENTS CALENDAR THIS SEASON AND PASSES ARE STILL AVAILABLE FOR ANYONE WHO WANTS TO JOIN THE FUN THIS WINTER. THE PARTY IS GOING TO BE GOING ON ALL DAY LONG HERE TODAY. SOTHEY'RE ENCOURAGING EVERYONE COME UP AND PARTAKE IN THE FUN. DAN,I KNOW YOU'RE PROBABLY JEALOUS AND WANT TO

  Top Comments:
  1. @joeygarcia6783 [1 likes]: 😎😎😎😎😎😎😎
  2. @anthonysears871: Cherish it. Few short years and skiing will be distant memory. Over development! too much travel! GloBal warming. Still arent getting it are ya!

- Cory Marks - Snowbirds (Official Music Video): Kind: captions Language: en [Music] slippery chicken 51. I've been dreaming of flying since I was a kid. to higher than anyone's ever been. Side by side with eight of my other friends. That all came true when I heard snowirds checking. They wear the red and white. Watch for those twinkle lights. Make them go. I hope you enjoy the show. Yeah. Heat. Heat. Yeah. Heat. They're coming to a town near You represent the great white north. Still family and the truth to find the clear blue sky. Heat. Heat. I've been dreaming of flying since I was a kid.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BetterNoiseMusic [8 likes]: Cory Marks - 'Sorry For Nothing Vol 2' here: https://corymarks.lnk.to/sfnvol2
Check out Corry Marks – Snowbirds here: https://corymarks.ffm.to/snowbirds
Listen the new album from Cory Marks, 'Sorry For Nothing': https://corymarks.ffm.to/sfn
Subscribe for more official content from Better Noise Music: https://betternoise.ffm.to/bnmytsubscribe
Shop the latest merch from Cory Marks and all your favorite Better Noise Music bands here: https://betternoise.ffm.to/bandwear
  2. @stevepringle8773 [8 likes]: Damn Cory I just found you and I'm glad I did! What an amazing song and tribute to our snowbirds! As a pilot and a proud canadian, I appreciate this song so much! Amazing videography and truly great music! Keep doing your thing! you gained a new fan! Much love man!
  3. @patriciarosemarybrown [5 likes]: Cory, we had the same dream growing up, I wanted to learn to fly a Cessna, never did get my license.  My parents couldn't afford to send me for lessons.  I lived by the St. Hubert Military airbase. Saw military jets etc on a daily.  I have an old photo of me and my family standing in front of one of the older Snowbird planes at an airshow.  My dream was to fly an F-18.  To this day I love to fly as a passenger.  I live in Toronto, not too far from Pearson.  I hear planes constantly, it's a sound I enjoy.  Love your video, so reminds me of me.  I wish I had the chance to fly with one of the Snowbirds.  Cheers!
  4. @olijoandube9048 [4 likes]: Wowww!!!  As everything you do Cory Marks...I LOVE IT!!   👍 💓
  5. @shannadancy3069 [3 likes]: This is awesome!!!
  6. @davelendzyk [2 likes]: Awesome song and video ! Well done !
  7. @FrenchCanada [2 likes]: ⚜️🍁 https://youtu.be/JIDwRDF4API?si=LomWRs6Hv0bGcDNc
  8. @ahmadtheaviationlover1937 [2 likes]: Amazing song
  9. @CoryMarksMusic [2 likes]: Over 50K views in just 2 weeks. THANK YOU ALL!! ❤️‍🔥🤘🏼
  10. @corythecrow [2 likes]: Hearing this song made me feel more Canadian than I have in years.  Thanks friend!!
  11. @brianberezowski5352 [2 likes]: WOW  .. AWESOME video.. THANK YOU for sharing that experience.   They were recently in Thunder Bay CYQT  all 3 shows were AMAZING ... and bonus.. the weather was perfect.   There are Rock Stars ... then if you look even higher .. there are the CANADIAN Snowbirds. 👍🇨🇦👍
They Really R O C K!!!
  12. @lynda_lou [1 likes]: It’s always been my dream to come to Canada 🇨🇦 from Australia 🇦🇺 to see the Snowbirds.  9 has always been my favourite number since I was a child and red my favourite colour, and a long time dream to see Canada for the first time.  I’m gonna make that dream happen 🙏💯
  13. @alanarcher4791 [1 likes]: 2025 anyone?
  14. @ahmadtheaviationlover1937 [1 likes]: This guy is badass❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @ksisu1324 [1 likes]: Amazing song and video. I have always loved watching the Snowbirds perform
  16. @vickiclapp9475 [1 likes]: Omg what an amazing singer, great songs & videos!! Have loved his music since I first heard his song Outsider's & Outlaws!! Great music and love the kick-ass rock too!?
  17. @Bellaangelcz [1 likes]: Yaaaaaa. Perfect 🥰 💞 👌 👍
  18. @iceystreeeet [1 likes]: Why cant we have a song like this for USA. We got all that old shit. This is amazing love it!
  19. @sierrat2025 [1 likes]: absolutley LOVE THIS
  20. @jasonaltig985: Snowbirds are incredible but this is just corny 😂

- WHAT IS THE RIGHT SNOWBOARD STANCE FOR YOU?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Your stance on a snowboard depends on many factors, your height, weight, ability and riding style are just a few, but when we talk about stance we mean two things: your stance width and binding angles. The ‘stance width’ is the distance between the centre of your bindings when mounted onto a snowboard. After years of development and consulting with scientists and doctors, we recommend finding your ‘natural stance’ by measuring the distance from the floor to the centre of your knee. When a rider stands with their feet this distance apart, it allows for the optimum balance between stability and comfort, providing an active and reactive body position that also reduces stress on your joints. When attaching bindings to a snowboard, you can rotate the mounting discs to point them in different directions, these are called your ‘binding angles’. The angle is defined as zero when aligned perpendicular to the length of the board, negative when angled towards the tail and positive when angled towards the nose. Angles are always shown on binding discs in three-degree increments to help you dial in your stance when mounting your bindings. For an all-mountain or beginner rider, we recommend a stance width of your natural stance plus two centimetres and binding angles of between plus fifteen and twenty-four degrees in the front, and between minus six degrees and plus six in the rear. This is the optimum mix of performance and comfort, while giving a great base for sidehits, park and powder. For a freestyle or park-focused set up, stance plus six centimetres and binding angles of between plus six and twenty-one degrees in the front, and between zero and minus fifteen degrees in the rear. This gives the best balance and stability when landing jumps or riding switch. For a freeride-focused set up, stance plus four centimetres and binding angles of between plus twenty-one and thirty degrees in the front, plus nine degrees in the rear. This gives great stability in rough terrain or at high speeds and makes turning or landing in powder super easy. For a carving set up, we recommend a stance width of your natural stance and binding angles of between plus twenty-four and thirty-six degrees in the front, plus fifteen degrees in the rear. This is perfect for holding an edge and driving through turns. Every board has a ‘reference stance’ marked on the topsheet to provide a starting point This is the optimum mounting point developed for each board. Make sure you adjust your stance width starting from this reference, moving the bindings outwards or inwards in equal proportions so that your centre of gravity always remains above the same point on the board. Of course, this is just a starting point. By experimenting, over time you’ll find the perfect combination of stance width, setback and angles for your body type, riding style and ability. Let us know what your snowboard stance is in the comments below, and don’t forget to check out our other guides for choosing and setting up your snowboard.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jakubbasek5885 [2 likes]: I use +15 -15 mainly for carving 🤷🏻‍♂️ feel like accessing the board flex from the middle of the board with the back knee is the key
  2. @TahoeDiaries [1 likes]: Just play around with different stances until to hone in the right one. I ride big park, plenty of switch, and rock 0/15
  3. @simunator [1 likes]: my personal hell right now is trying to figure out switch riding
  4. @ИванПересадин-к2л: +42/+12 freeride
  5. @ИванПересадин-к2л: +42/+12 freeride
  6. @catazep: After 5 seasons of 15 and -6 ish variations
I found out that I love duck +15 and -15 😂😂
It is very comfortable
It alows me to jump off from one edge of the other really fast and it's awsome for high speed
When I look at thisit fill stupid, but it works great for me
  7. @luckyyou3644: Awesome vid! Thx for easy way to answear for so many questions
  8. @salsamancer: Great video, but one thing is odd. You show the stance width as the distance from disk to disk, but those discs are in the center of the binding. Most people's legs attach at the heel, not the middle of the foot. So shouldn't the width be measured from the heel cup of the binding rather than the disc?
  9. @stonecold274: This video is excellent. Thank you. Another trick for measuring natural stance is to put feet together, jump up, and measure the distance between your feet when you have landed comfortably.
  10. @ShroomInjection: I ride natural stance for binding width, i have my front foot 18 degrees positive and rear foot 6 degrees positive, hoping it helps me get the bloody dracula grab next season (Im flexible enough to reach it on the ground, havent done it off a jump yet)
  11. @mikehemens9359: Natural stance is your skateboard stance.  I'm 6,1 with 20.25 stance. Why tf would I measure half the distance ect from my hole to my chin?  Such bs.
  12. @ericbrammer2245: There's another component to 'Your Stance', in the ANGLES And ROTATION-IN-the HEELCUP, of Your Highbacks!! Every Heelside Turn deserves Correct Support, from the Ankles on Up!!  "PSR" (Tanker Driver/Madds Carver/Former Burton Racer)
  13. @ronfeast932: Like putting lipstick on a pig.
  14. @jithennacheril8221: @2:01 for Free Ride and @2:24 Carving
  15. @fatjonplaku6857: freestyle stance +6cm is criminal, waaaayy to wide
  16. @JAB227: really informative, thanks. ill be back here again when i change mine
  17. @LogsAndPow: Shaun White says it’s 26.” He’s the best, so make sure your stance is 26” wide.
  18. @courtseater7852: So helpful, thank you very much ❤
  19. @CRstar645: What is the best option for a person who’s just starting, and it will be their first time? Can you please reply to this comment? I have a Rossignol Resurgence board and K2 bindings. For some reason, my right foot is too far outside, and it’s hard to bring my right leg forward.
  20. @okanyyurt: Bu videonun alnı olsa da öpsem. Teşekkürler

- How Do Birds Survive the Cold Winter?: Kind: captions Language: en shorter days terrible snowstorms and freezing temperatures winter in the north is an unforgiving season it's no wonder many species of birds leave this place and fall before the harsh weather arrives remarkably though plenty of other birds stay with winter in full swing i figured a video on how birds survived the northern winter would be good here are some of the interesting and fascinating ways a few birds get by enjoy one of the most familiar widespread and welcome feeder birds of north america are these tiny big personality birds black-capped chickadees it's hard not to wonder how such a small bird can survive blistering temperatures and stormy weather as with many other birds and during such cold weather one great adaptation they have to keep their core body temperature warm is to fluff out their feathers over the winter season they look twice as big in fact many people often think they've fattened up and while they do also fatten up over fall for winter the fat they put on is really not noticeable certainly not to the extent that they look when fluffing out their feathers a chickadee's metabolism wouldn't allow them to pack on this much fat and would they even be able to fly as efficiently had they fattened up that much if at all for that matter i don't think how they survive over the winter nights is truly remarkable and quite touching too each black cat will seek refuge in small holes or other crevices and trees to help shield them from some of the cold on nights when it's especially cold they can even reduce their overall body temperature anywhere from 10 to 15 degrees the smaller the difference in temperature between the bird and its environment the lower the rate of heat loss clever adaptation another thing they do is eat a lot on those short days of winter much more than they do in summer eating extra food allows them to accumulate some fat before nightfall enough to sustain them over the cold night but if it's really cold regardless of being sheltered from the elements and dropping their core temperature they may have to do something else and that is shivering which helps to increase heat production some cold nights they will shiver all night burning up their fat reserves in order to survive repeating this process each day until warmer days arrive touching indeed and what about those exposed little legs and feet that somehow don't freeze how do they do it do their feet feel yes they do on purpose in fact a clever where they regulate their foot temperature near the freezing point the temperature of their core is not that cold however and if a chickadee were to try to regulate the temperature of their feet in winter to the same level as their core it would lose heat extremely quick and thus would be energetically costly any bird that tried this would deplete their caloric intake tremendously they simply wouldn't be able to eat fast enough to keep their feet temperature regulated at the same temperature of their core so the solution is to cool their feet down near to the freezing point but not below freezing this is done by constricting blood flow to their extremities thus reducing heat loss without risking frostbite specialized scales on their legs and feet also help reduce heat loss and it should be said that their feet and level of comfort isn't like ours we wouldn't be able to do what a chickadee can of course this doesn't mean though that their little feet don't succumb to the when it gets too cold another thing they can do to warm them up is to tuck one foot at a time up into their body and feathers as i mentioned earlier they eat a lot more in winter for most of the year these guys are insect eaters obviously finding enough creepy crawlers would be quite the challenge since everything is snow covered and it's cold they aren't completely absent though chickadees are great at finding insect pupae hidden behind bark of trees a big help though is the fact that they switch over to eating a more vegetarian diet consuming seeds from native trees such as tamarax spruce and many others the occasional barrier bite of an apple helps too animal carcasses are taken advantage of as well but the greatest advantage chickadees have is their ability to cash food away and remember those hidden food items which can be as many as hundreds and even thousands all stored away throughout their territory truly remarkable little birds it must be said though that we can provide such relief for them over winter just by putting suet thistle and black oil sunflower seed feeders up in our yards always make sure to keep the feeders and area around clean though sanitize feeders at least once every week or two depending on activity if you see sick birds take damn feeders all together to limit spreading of the disease i'll link some good articles to help you clean feeders properly down below in the description not as familiar or widespread but a favorite of mine this wonderful chickadee the boreal is at home in the boreal forest in canada and also in some locations in the northern states they aren't as common at backyard feeders but these guys have all the adaptations of black capped chickadees due to their submissive behavior though boreal chickadees need to be able to adapt when in the presence of the more aggressive black cat chickadees moving further up trees to feed rather than in the middle or lower canopy where they prefer to forage just as the black caps retrieve previously hidden food items boiled chickadees do too both insects and seeds are wedged into crevices in the bark and solidified in place with the bird's saliva typically boiled chickadees store food items on the undersides of branches so it's easier to retrieve them when the branches are snow laden cashing food is likely vital for winter survival in the harsh northern there was a study done which revealed that boreal chickadees cashed mostly insect larvae as well as some spruce seeds helping them to survive over winter living in a place that can see temperatures as low as -40 degrees celsius means that they need to be equipped with a nice warm winter suit so in fall they grow a few extra feathers and their feathers are also more dense than other birds weighing no more than a nickel and not much larger than the average person's thumb the odds are against these guys who brave the cold winter north golden crown kinglets are half the weight of chikneys so they are small but don't be fooled by their looks these guys are hearty birds and given the fact that they are half the weight of a chickadee don't switch to eating a vegetarian diet of seeds and fruit don't cash food and rarely if at all visit feeders these kinglets are way more amazing i've never been lucky enough after all these years to get much decent videos or pictures so this will have to do i just had to include these birds when it comes to small birds surviving winter is a constant battle because they have to use a lot of energy in order to stay warm larger animals have a lower surface to volume ratio than smaller animals as a result they radiate less body heat per unit of mass and are therefore able to stay warm using less energy surprisingly these little things continue to hunt and glean for insects during winter there isn't much insects to find during the desolate season though so how do they do it as i said they don't switch to eating a vegetarian diet yes they do consume some seeds but not enough remarkably studies have revealed that a species of moth caterpillar helps the golden crown kinglets survive these caterpillars attach themselves to pine trees camouflaged as twigs for the golden crown kinglets it turns out are pretty good at spotting them i guess better than chickadees so mystery solved they do somehow find insects although they actually find insects to eat during the desolate winter it was calculated by researchers that what they consume in a day doesn't build up enough fat to fuel their metabolism for the entire night it is only enough to sustain them for half the night meaning they would be unable to stay warm throughout a winter night based solely on their daytime diet so how do they survive an entire winter night of freezing temperatures if the food they eat only gets them by for half of it they do have a solution and it's quite a touching one in the post where i obtained much of my info for this video the author bernd heinrich who has written over 20 books including mind of the raven and winter world wrote of his experience trying to discover where it was the kinglets would go at night for years he was unable to see where they went until one evening when he seen a few birds fly into a pine at dusk later equipped with a flashlight he cautiously climbed the tree and ended up discovering a four pack of golden crown kinglets huddled together into one bunch heads in and tails out on a twig burn said that one briefly stuck its head out of the bunch and quickly retracted it indicating it was staying warm and not in cold torpor as birds that are in cold torpor have limited mobility so the kinglets were using one another as a heat source therefore reducing their own heat loss by huddling together they were their own shelter although golden kinglets have several great adaptations winter is still very tough on them and only one in six will survive a full year i found that a very sad fact to learn if i ever succeed with getting better videos and pictures of these fascinating little birds i'll definitely make an entire video about them one day red poles are another astonishing small bird they can survive up to 20 hours without access to food even if temperatures drop to as low as -50 degrees celsius this is because they have specially designed esophageal pouches that allow them to hold onto seeds and slowly digest them later on being able to do this allows red poles to maintain their core at 40 degrees pines and skins another small finch can do this as well storing as much as 10 percent of its own weight in their crop i have read before that red poles will tunnel and snow to stay warm in winter i also found an article from a couple of years ago where someone had reported seeing red poles on a neighbor's roof just coming out from roosting and apparently almost every roof with snow in that neighborhood had evidence of red pole holes that's a pretty clever way to stay warm and protect it from the elements overnight the clever beauty of the northern woods how could i do a video without including them being a big brain corvette these birds know a thing or two when it comes to surviving the winter for one they hoard food away and fall to prepare retrieving those cash food items when needed being an opportunistic omnivore helps too allowing them to take advantage of just about any food source that comes their way apples hazelnuts berries backyard feeders and even carrion they will also catch small animals like shrews should one dare to come out one thing i've noticed with blue jays all these years of observing them is that in the winter they kind of get secretive and once they've found a spot they feel comfortable it's likely they'll stay there for a while until it warms up or the sun comes out much of the cold winter days the jays that i know spend it hidden away in the forest of dense evergreens coming out only long enough to eat this leads me to assume that they also roost in the very dense evergreens overnight well protected from the elements with their feathers fluffed out and head tucked down often when it's extremely cold they fluff out tremendously looking like they've packed on a considerable amount of fat but it's all just fluff by fluffing out their feathers they create small pockets of trapped warm air between their body and feathers providing them with added insulation that is why so many birds fluff out their feathers in winter it's a great on those especially cold days the jays often sit on a perch with their feathers and body resting over their legs and feet shielding them from the cold other birds like nut hatches get by over winter doing pretty much all the things the other birds do switching to eating more seeds and nuts some fruit checking the bark of trees for small insects hidden away for winter and retrieving their cashed and woodpeckers of course have a pretty good advantage in winter they can drill deep in the trees with their strong bills in search of wood boring larvae if all else fails a visit to a nearby suet or seed feeder should help at night the nut hatches and woodpeckers sleep in cavities of trees like chickadees do protect it from the weather a pretty cool thing about woodpeckers that stay for winter is the fact they excavate many roosting holes over fall to prepare for the coming winter before everything else preparation is the key to success in this case the key to upping the chances of surviving or at least not freezing to death overnight staying ready so you don't have to get ready smart woodpecker and another bird like the rough grouse very common throughout north america will gorge on seeds of alderaan spruce and store it in their large crop kind of like a bag that after being filled can later deliver food to the gizzard for digestion throughout the day or one grows can pick enough buds in roughly 20 minutes to sustain them overnight this helps because less time out in the elements the better and the foods slowly digesting overnight will keep them from freezing rough gross will also hide under the snow in a snow tunnel they've created insulating themselves and they may even spend as much as 16 hours there and of course i should mention the canada j these guys are widespread resident of north america's boreal and sub alpine coniferous forests and they really truly are hardy birds of the north unlike other birds that can switch over to eating seeds and things like that instead they have to rely on their cash food which a lot of it is perishable and of course they take advantage of any carcasses that they come by their bills are really equipped for tearing and ripping [Music] one of the things that is of concern for these birds since they rely heavily on cash food over winter to survive is that mild winters one like it has been in my area this year cold and then mild and then cold again is bad because the back and forth of free stock will spoil perishable food items not good probably the most remarkable is the fact that they even nest in winter proving how well suited they are to the northern environment truly a rugged bird of the north so there you go some interesting ways in which a few northern birds get by of all the birds i went over it's the little birds that i have the greatest respect and sympathy toward how hard they work to survive winter it's moving to say the least what was some of the favorite things you enjoyed learning about in this video comment below and let me know and as always thank you so much for watching i truly hope that you enjoyed take care happy birding oh which reminds me i finally have a new shirt available happy birding there are two different versions if you'd like one a link will be down in the description as well as in the comments pinned at the top thank you very much for the support it's greatly appreciated

  Top Comments:
  1. @LesleytheBirdNerd [254 likes]: 🔴Helping Birds During WInter and Doing it Properly▶https://youtu.be/Zi6iIGUGxpo
🔴Shop 👉 https//:www.lesleythebirdnerd.com
  2. @mrosskne: i put them in my house
all of them
  3. @zujqhbewr: I'm convinced all Lesley's are nerds 😅
  4. @zujqhbewr: little birdies are the cutest things in the world.
  5. @AnarchoCatBoyEthan: This my cats fave video btw
  6. @Nick-cs5yc: Birdies❤️❤️❤️❤️
  7. @j7ndominica051: I saw many birds this winter at -15 to -20. I thought that it would be impossible. Some were small the size of a fist. There was an air force of birds on then same tree, and they made a lot of noise in early morning during extreme cold. Later they would  start making spring songs in february. I live in a city and birds always eat human stuff. But I have never seen these birds at ground level, unlike say crows and seagulls. I thinking how good that they eat bugs in the wild, and we have fewer bugs, but damn how are they not disgusted. I didn't know a woodpecker could  make a big hole with just his beak. That's kind of vandalism.
  8. @mrfixzit1019: Thanks to my uninformed neighbor we have feral cats.... I had to stop feeding my birds near my house because of the damn cats... To be fair the cats do keep the rodents away, however I do miss my black hat chickadees. My grandmother used to refer to them as spazzy's because of spats that people used to wear on their shoes making them black and white... I refer to them as the cheeseburger bird due to their call It sounds like they're saying cheeseburger. I believe that's her mating call.
  9. @geryloftis7985: Cardinals love popped popcorn
  10. @rvrrunner: We keep 3 feeders full during cold weather plus spread more seeds on the snow in really cold weather. Not unusual to find 40 to 50 birds in our back yard most of the day. Our back yard is next to woods, so they have lots of shelter close by. Great Video!
  11. @angeec.3312: There is nothing in this city for the birds to eat, the snow has turned to ice. They keep in the bushes. I feed these sparrows twice a day; sometimes, blackbirds and a few pigeons. The people, unfortunately, do not even feed the birds and squirrels, very sad.
  12. @russell2910: Perhaps as humans, we can learn from the birds. Examples such as staying warm and singing cool songs and flying.
  13. @CindyDrake-p7p: Such an informative video❣️ My 20 3/4 year old cockatiel, Herbie, has it made.  Hope he was paying attention 🙄😆 🦜 He'll probably outlive me.  Ha!
  14. @LATINHANDS65: They fly to the South.
  15. @CP-np4rw: 👌
  16. @johnnytwotimez: Tell me all that you know.
I'll show you snow and rain.
  17. @SniperG2727: That was an outstanding video and very informative
  18. @lininacrowne1941: I really enjoyed this wonderful video for the info, images, and vibes but i also was tickled rv every time you said "about "
  19. @dianechapmanbettyboop: I feed the birds and the squirrels Bird food, and diced up Pecans and almonds.I keep cold water for them in an insulated container, keeps the water cold in the summer. One of my squirrels is such a pig(named pig squirrel) he has his own bowl, and chases birds and other squirrels away.  So they eat off the concrete.
  20. @gcrauwels941: Adaptations of creatures to their environment has always fascinated me.

- "Working” Schwintek slide out is about to break - RV Inspection find: Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I'm Jacob Rigger. I'm an RV technician and RV inspector. I wanted to show you a really, really serious problem on the bedroom slide out. Schwintex I don't like for a lot of reasons. And this one is still working correctly, but there's something I noticed from having worked on a lot of Schwinte slideouts. If you look inside of this groove very, very closely, you can see there's burrs. There's little pieces of metal that have flaked up inside of the track in there. Now, if we look over here, we'll see it's a clean edge. It's not damaged. What's happening is that when the slide mechanism gets over here, it's grinding metal on metal, and it's going to cause a failure of the Schwinte slide out. If we go look at the other side, we're actually going to see the same thing. If we get up close here, we can see we've got lots more scoring. And in fact, all the way over here, you can see an even bigger, an even larger burr where it's grinding its way out. Unfortunately, the way that this Schwintech is already grinding itself up, the only way to fix it is to replace the whole rack system and the bearing blocks. This is going to be a serious repair. And definitely something you need to note on an inspection report. You need to note that the bearing blocks are grinding on the gear tracks. Like there's metal on metal where there should be a plastic bushing protecting the track from the bearing block. That's all gone and grinding metal on metal now. So, this is like a ticking time bomb and a very serious issue for Schwinte Slide Out. Folks, even as an experienced RV technician, I'm constantly having to learn new things. But that's one of the benefits of having other people with more and different experiences is you can learn faster from people who have already been there and done that. One of the benefits of being a part of my RV inspector network is that you have the ability to ask questions of other inspectors, many of whom are technicians. Right now, it's free for you to join. And I'm constantly being contacted by people in states where I don't have inspectors. So, if you're the only inspector right now in that state, then you're going to get 100% of the leads coming through my YouTube channel. To learn more about how to apply, go to rigger rvinsspection.com. Click here if you want to see more tips about running an RV inspection business.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TalonID [9 likes]: Friends don’t let friends buy RVs with Schwinteks! We bought a new (well known brand) with these mechanisms. They didn’t even last 6 months before failing. There are “shoes” which were torn off. It went back to the factory for repair. I ran the slide in-and-out 4 times and they tore off again. Metal filings were instant. Just don’t do it!
  2. @stevebanner1119 [3 likes]: Was a certified tech for 41years , i replaced more of these than i care to , this accures when , 1the box is not square (factorys dont know what a square is) , 2 factorys have no clue how to install this system correctly , 3 the opening is out of square. What these factorys dont understand that this system has to be install in a square opening , the box must be square and the system must be installed correctly , i have talked to the manufacturer of the swintek which is lippert  (bad), they say they go to the factorys and show them how to install them wrong then the factory screws up from here on out , this system should not be used in any rv
  3. @Kahless_the_Unforgettable [2 likes]: I wish companies would stop using Schwintek Slide for anything, ever. They've been garbage since day one.
  4. @jeanbailliez6199 [2 likes]: 2014 freedom elite 28, absolutly no problem with the schwintek, 55000 miles including a trip to alaska prudoe bay,and extensive visit of alaska dirt  roads.
i clean the rail frequently and dry lub, that's it
  5. @Blakehx [2 likes]: Yup… I never wanna own another Schwintek slide 👎🏼
  6. @rodgraff1782 [1 likes]: Can’t sone just use a little spray lubricant on the tracks?  I’ve had our RV for 13 years, and have no problems with this type of slide.
  7. @theultimatefreedom [1 likes]: For this RV Tech, these slides are simply a deal breaker when considering purchasing a new or used rig. I have replaced two entire systems on Riggs brand new from the factory they were installed poorly. Brand new Riggs!!! That being said when they’re installed perfectly, they have a very short life before they start malfunctioning if the slide is on the medium to larger size, and working on them is a pain… I walk right past them, won’t consider them if I can avoid it. I will only consider them if it’s one very small slide on the entire rig and the rig is just to good to pass up.
  8. @bofa83 [1 likes]: Only issue I have with these is that one side is under powered compared to the other side.
  9. @johnfarr5415 [1 likes]: Ok so as the owner of an RV with a Schwintek slide mechanism: is there a way to prevent this?  And I've heard of a different option when your Schwintek fails...what is that and do you have a better opinion of it?
  10. @richvh3961 [1 likes]: We have a 2016 Arctic Fox 28’ , I can’t count how many times we have used the slide , haven’t had an issue yet .
  11. @henrypretz [1 likes]: We had a Lance TT with Schwintek slide. It was fitted to the huge dinette slide, and it just seemed to be too light to handle the big heavy slide. We sold the trailer before having any major problems. Pleased with the rack and pinion slides on our new TT
  12. @stevephillips5558: Would it help to put a dab of lube on the rail before this happens? Or is dry better?
  13. @mikecousinoplumbingwaterfi6952: Can't you just replace the "shoes" that slid in the track and prevent the bearing block from touching it?
  14. @4cooey: The best part is they won't sell you individual parts to repair it, you have to buy parts in kits. Here in Canada you're looking at 3k.
  15. @randyreynolds7091: Can we get your review on trailers that have set on dealers lots for several years. And, what we should do before moving in the slides or, moving the camper at all?
  16. @jeffpaul738: I'm going to check mine. Ours has both kinds
  17. @rogerfontaine8251: Stupid design should have never been used.
  18. @greaseman93: The motors on mine rust.. every year. Junk. 2021 KZ Durango 333 RLT
  19. @staciecarverd8136: Another great tip on what to look for in selecting a used RV.  At some point in the life of the camper does this develop as a result of the lack of lubrication or is it from normally frequent use, and would the use of something like a dry lubricant help prevent this from developing.   I would assume the weight and friction on those pads you mentioned as the slide goes in/out can be substantial leading to the loss/failure, and I am just curious it a lube would aid in preventing this.   I appreciate seeing these videos as I'm learning so much for my RV search.
  20. @sandypidgeon4343: what about silicone lube on those tracks?  Thoughts?

- Winx Club - The Secret of the Lost Kingdom - FULL MOVIE: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Once Upon a Time in the magical Dimension Far Far Away there was a normal Earth girl who discovered she was a fairy and a princess her life was changed forever into a fairy tale a story of Courage friendship and Adventure it is an enchanted story but one without a happily ever after because she has not been able to write the ending until now It's a Brand New Day the sun is high up in the sky we're more Center we must be ready for the fight together we're stronger and that's why we will always win to face the danger the now we going to save the world and just like the sun we going to walk our away start we got to make it no time to hands to shake but still sometimes I look at myself I wonder will I'm strong in love will I make it to the end my friends GI tell me you're the one you can incredible things to do your and maybe you deserve the gift you have can't you see you are you likeing the demons every day you're a remember where you come from who you are know we made it this has got to be Hogan's Castle is everyone ready let's go now that's just rude no one's here to welcome us YooHoo anybody home anybody home anybody home anybody home um is there anybody else wa enchan enant Shin blowing on me as it my power will be at the maximum I'm Invincible I'm ready to go magically anany and I can feel so beautiful and strong I raise my ener finally I'll become a a butterfly shine in the mus shining verying on me mag my poers will be at the maximum I'm I'm ready to go magicant and I can feel so beautiful and strong I raak my energy finally I'll become a real fairy uper shineing the magnetic stor sea of Lu these guys are ice cold and I'm going to turn up the heat go for it Bloom we'll cover you as Stella would say let's powder their noses Sonic shield look out this is a problem they're tougher than we thought and uglier too maybe this will slow them down magic whing Ivy don't move are you hurt it hurts but I think I'm okay I'll be fine Laura are you okay it hurts but I can hold them scanning now their control unit is behind that wall please hurry I can't hold them anymore wait get ready P Dragon Emy Fusion fire sweet moves Bloom an entire Army of evil robots reduced to scrap metal in less than 2 minutes nice That's What I Call teamwork girls no way it's more than just teamwork Winks club teamwork we might need more I've detected another presence nearby and it's coming right at us Hogan the swordsmith keep your eyes open Hogan Master of the shiny steel are you in here Stella can you give us a little light sure thing shining is what I do best hey what's going on Hogan the swordsmith from the company of light now I'm more comfortable in the shadows take another step and it will be your last at last I found them W good heavens I can only hope I'm not too late you and your friends have invaded my Fortress and destroyed my guards but you won't have such luck against me Hogan we're all a little bored with you and your sword and mistress faragonda by a thousand stars faragonda is it really you my dear Hogan it's been ages centuries at least since the mighty company of light disbanded you look older but what we lose in youth we gain in wisdom if we've paid attention along the way now lower your sword in the presence of Bloom the last surviving princess of Sparks Orel and Marian's daughter she's alive I I thought she was no my old friend our Bloom was rescued she grew up on Earth under the care of adoptive parents and now she's come back here to find her natural parents this is not the place to shed light on the past now is the time for you to finally accept the invitation you've been avoiding for all these long dark years fine Veranda I won't argue with a beautiful adversary good then we can finally talk about Alia so we finally coaxed you out of your Den you old bear fairies is everything always so colorful and frivolous around here or is today special it is the day of the gift Hogan today some of our students will graduate and forever leave Alia their magical journey ends with this ceremony but for Bloom her journey continues that's why I need to talk to you master Hogan um I know my parents my real parents are lost or trapped somewhere in the magic Dimension I must save them and you're the only one who can help me don't expect too much from me little girl you might be disappointed the sword haen the sword of King oritel my father ah the sword of course an enchanted blade that no force in the universe can separate from its rightful owner you Eternal and indestructible the master of the shiny Steels greatest work at least that's what the books of magic say as its creator you can sense the sword's presence wherever it is and if I can find that sword I'll find my father oh Bloom I have made thousands of swords in my life but for your father I created the strongest one of them all a sword a Banner strong enough to bring him and all of us ultimate Victory we were the most powerful Warrior Wizards our world had ever seen United against the Diabolical ancestral witches we fought them all until the final bloody end but instead of ultimate Triumph we paid the ultimate fatal price I was fighting beside him on that day it was the three ancestral witch's final battle against King Morel and queen Maran your parents they had vanished along with the witches into a great Vortex of dark power and there was nothing that I could do even the greatest magical sword I had ever created wasn't strong enough to save them and since that day I have never stopped looking for them every single day of my life I've tried to sense the power of the king's mighty sword to find my closest friends your mother and your father do you understand but the magic Dimension is so big you couldn't have looked everywhere Bloom I know what you believe in your heart but face reality I'm sorry Bloom no no look hey hey wait tell us what happened no Stella you're a good friend to bloom but right now she needs time to be alone so come on girls the ceremony is about to begin after 3 years of hard work and more than a little unforeseen excitement your experience here at the Ala school for fairies is nearing its end and now in the presence of your closest friends you will celebrate the Day of the gift it is time for our proud graduates to take up their mantles as guardian fairies it's time to achieve ultimate Harmony step forward graduates [Applause] hi Kiko this isn't a good time hi Slinky Kitty sorry I'm just not in the mood to play with either of you but don't worry it's not your fault it's just I feel as if all the colors of the world are gone but you're so sleet what is your name do you have one Ron Ron yes I think that'll be a good name for you these fine little jewelry boxes contain the power of Harmony this is the final gift for each graduating fairy open these boxes now and prepare yourselves to become one with the magic dimension Stars the plants the trees I hear their voice voices on the wind I can understand every word every one of their emotions that sweet Flora is the difference between a fairy who uses Flower Magic and being the Fairy of the flowers I feel connected to every form of Technology everywhere webtastic I can hear all the music in the world even the secret song in each person's heart and I can sing it the light of the Sun the moon even the stars shine deep with in me and I feel like I can illuminate the entire world I feel the sound of rain falling all over the world every drop from the tiniest puddle to the deepest oceans school is out girls your formal fairy education is now complete as of today your worlds will have brand new Guardian fairies you hoor Winks I love you please don't cry even though you are still beautiful with those tears in your eyes Ah that's better my smiling Bloom Sky my prince has come to save me here to rescue his damsel from her lonely Tower we're going to be late to the graduation ball let's pick up the pace I'm not sure about the length I want Brandon to notice my new shoes the probability that Brandon will even look at your feet once he sees that dress pretty much zero girls I normally wouldn't allow this sort of thing but since today is such a special day knock knock are there any Guardian fairies in the House Brandon honey the most enchanting and desirable of all Guardian fairies you're so sweet thank you I thought about bringing you a flower but there's no flower that can compare to its beautiful Guardian is it true you're linked to every computer to every electronic device in the world yes I am and I'm fast as fiber optics too hey don't play dumb Riven I saw you watching me all through the ceremony I thought I came here for a great party not to just stand around here being laughed at Riven honey why are you so cranky today of all days I can't believe we made it our time here was just incredible but I guess it's all over now school's over our lives are just beginning or is that what's scaring you are you afraid you won't live up to all of their hopes you always seem to understand me Sky don't you I know all about it about what other people and their expectations but I know you're the best and you'll succeed Beyond everyone's wildest dreams now go dress up I can't wait to see you in tonight's party hey look down there it's Bloom and Sky we caught you both red-handed YooHoo love birds they all made it in the end and I didn't are you kidding you're Bloom everyone knows you're the strongest fairy in alia to protect your home world and your people that's what makes a real guardian fairy but I'm just a princess without a kingdom I have no people to protect my home World Sparks was totally destroyed if only I had been able to find my parents I would have really accomplished my mission and I would have reached Harmony to become a rightful Guardian fairy I had a chance and hope and now they're both gone H the bloom I knew would never ever give up like that help a sad little witch has taken place of the girl I love forget that old grouch hog and never give up and as always believe in yourself and what you feel in your heart you'll never truly lose and don't forget I'm your number one fan I believe in you there's something else I I need to tell you sweet Bloom I'm really not supposed to say but I want you to know oh no I have my orders to fulfill I can't leave the planet without you hey just 5 minutes all right how's 10 seconds Li but what what's going on who is that girl Bloom look look I'll explain everything to you as soon as I can I promise Bloom don't worry everything is all right trust me but I have to go Sky no please don't ask questions I'll be back soon then I won't ever leave you again you're leaving me now it's getting late I love you bloom don't ever forget that make it on my own can do it by myself you made me a woman bloom bloom finally where were you I I was just you okay I felt better give me a hug oh how was the party are you talking about that dull little gathering on the quad Bloom you know it's not a party if you're not there listen girls tonight is the very last night for us to be together on Alia Flora's correct we can't waste tonight just sleeping that's right of course I say it's time for good oldfashioned pillow party don't you mean an oldfashioned pajama party hey why are you guys looking at me like that did you see how rivet was dancing he was like this and like that you could only hear you right now I'm serious girls it's time to pass are you going back to linaya yes but it's hard to believe I'm going back as the new fairy of flowers don't worry it'll be just like before with just a few extra responsibilities like protecting the whole planet and its people and their happiness really it'll be a piece of cake it's like I always say with great power comes great popularity and you bloom going back to your your Earth parents in gardinia yes Mike and Vanessa are waiting for me I guess I'll help my mom in the flower shop for a while then who knows you're so lucky to have such good parents we're all beginning our own new adventures but no nothing's going to change between all of us Bloom no matter what we're always going to be best friends best friends forever forever and ever wins club forever goodbye Alia I was small when I first heard my inner voice and I followed my Destin it let me here and now I'm making the best of my awesome skills and I'm able to fight dark Forces what do you see when you look at me I and am only a girl trying to save the whole universe it's my mission it's a magical life but sometimes I wish I could live for one day just like anyone else ah look at her Vanessa she's like a wild bird in a tiny cage it's true this world's too small for her now this is not her life any anymore I just want her to be happy again and we won't be happy either until she is Mike it's up to us to do something sleep tight sweet tomorrow will be a good day I promise you no Stella Flora no wait where did you Skye please don't you leave me too don't leave me all alone LOM my parents [Laughter] par Bloom at least you'll be safe little one you shall not get the power of the Dragon Fire you'll never be alone Bloom D me because true love knows no distance it knows No Boundaries listen to me little sister you must continue your search you know it in your heart our parents are still alive and now they are closer than ever I need to speak with you bloom come to light rock come to DNE Daphney where are you bloom my dear sweet sister it is so good to see your face again and yours too you told me before that maybe our parents aren't all is not lost are you really be ready for this journey in all its Grand and terrible dangers sister you sacrificed yourself to save me with your help I'm ready for anything I know you are father kept a magical tone called The Book of Fate its Pages contain the entire story of our family's history so if our parents are alive the book will tell you wa why haven't you told me about the book before I was sure the ancestro witches had destroyed it when they attacked Sparks but father had hidden the sacred text of Sparks in the secret Library high on the mountain of the rock where he was sure they would remain safe then I'll go back to our world and I'll find the book no matter what nothing will stop me Bloom wait there's just one more thing it's my mask now it's for you when you wear this mask you'll be looking through my eyes you'll see Sparks as I remember it and it'll help you find your way the mask will guide you to the mountain of rock there you'll find the secret Library wait DNE my power is growing weak I must return to the depths of the lake to rest DNE please don't leave Bloom this is not goodbye remember I'll always be at your side you'll never be truly alone ever and we'll be a family again someday Daphne thank you Daphne with your help I know I can do it Mom Dad something incredible just happened to me and something else is about to happen right about now happy birthday don't tell me that you forgot it's your birthday Bloom oh Mama this is the most beautiful surprise party I well thank you hey you know whenever there's going to be a party I'm always first in line it was all your mom's idea but we handled the details as for the gift it wasn't easy for us to decide on one thing you know thank you but really seeing all of you again is the best present I could ever asked for are you really sure about that never mind Skye you can go back home Skye I'm here Bloom just as I promised where have you been I've called you 2,000 times and your phone is always off ever since that night since that night I've been on a challenging journey of my own but there wasn't a day or night that I didn't think of you I'm sure you two would like some alone time but hey what's this incredible news D came to me in a dream my parents are alive she asked me to go back to Sparks and find the secret Library the search isn't over then go for it Bloom you know we have your back always believe in yourself and Trust what's in your heart that's what you've always told me and I believe feeling let our go my heart to the feeling and my feet up the flow wow what an allergy the sword awakens it light is hot it burns us it burns feel the power of Sparks something or someone is Awakening it but who who we destroy the planet all its inhabitants even its king no one has access to that power anymore we Must Destroy that cursed sword only that will truly obliterate the power of Sparks from the magical Dimension but how the slightest touch almost destroyed us and killed every Warrior who tried to get near it my Mistresses mandora is At Your Service bestow upon your humble servant the power of dark energy and I'll leave this cold prison of the obsidian Circle so I may seek out the source of all your pain so be it Eternal darkness and unchanged lightning bottomless ice oh yes your mightiness flows freely within me now I will find the last feil flicker of F and when I do I'll snuff it out with my own two hands this is your pilot we're now entering the magnetosphere of Planet Sparks so you may experience some minor turbulance minine are my butt I think I'm going to lose my lunch don't talk about it Bloom listen to me about that talk we were having back at your house I know you've been looking for me all these months wondering where I was and I've been waiting for you for for 4 months I can wait a few more hours but right now we have a mission and I have to stay focused you mean you don't even want to know I can wait I trust you enough you two in this Frozen desert I'm having trouble pinpointing a landmark can you imagine that this was once the most beautiful planet of the magic Dimension yeah before it was all destroyed by the fury of the ancestral witches and now there's no longer a trace of its former Splendor nor of its inhabitants no sign of Life D's mask will help us here DNE was right I can see Sparks as it used to be oh it's beautiful follow me Blom are you sure we're on the right track believe it or not the mask is guiding me perfectly it's D's mask yes in the dream she gave it to me to help us with our search we should use the motorbikes from here with the Mist it's impossible to see anything from the air are you actually trying to pass me Sky how come you always insist on humiliating yourself you were actually going so slow I thought M had fallen asleep oh yeah then we'll see you at our destination tough guy in a few hours are okay two things first Specialists you need to stop acting so childish second Bloom is that mountain the mountain of the rock yes yes it is I didn't think it was guys do you see what I see LOM the stories say your father King Orel protected the library by building it on a predator bird called Rock it's a mythological animal until now no one was even sure of its existence it seems that the mountain is actually its nest then that's exactly where we have to have to go now we better split up you guys get searching for the book and we'll handle the rock got it leave it to us this is the sort of thing we Specialists specialize in stay alert guys should we cross our fingers relax that rope they're climbing is actually a Vine stronger than steel get it in gear Sky I don't want to be hanging around out here all day why don't you speak a little louder I don't think that bird you were trying to avoid heard you who asked you Helia I didn't think it was possible but Riven seems even grumpier than usual the bird won't even notice us we're too small to even make a decent snack oh no ribon Helia hey calm down Lea's right just as long as it doesn't take off relax this is one of the things we Specialists specialize in right in that case can I change my specialty no Brandon come back to me my sweetheart quick we must transform ourselves and chase after that Dreadful Stella no the rock is just too fast for us if we want to save the voice we've got just one option what's that bloom back to the ship but hurry we have to get there quickly oh watch out Timmy grab my hand I can't reach it try again the vine is starting to break oh no Timmy that was too close hey what's that the vine knew just what I was thinking Timmy is safe now we just need to figure out what all these buttons are supposed to do buttons lights knobs crazy boy stuff give me my wings and Magic any old day I doubt we would have reached them with our wings Stella now we have to calm down the rock that's not going to be easy it's Furious no it's not Furious it's just scared you're saying that oversized turkey just needs a lullabi Musa do you think you could use your powers to calm it down I can try oh it's no use we're too far away can we get closer sure we can hold on you're hurry up the TR come on it looks like we're about to be saved huh we're getting closer we're almost there get a little closer yes let's try again now I just have Flora blue oh oh in my head oh no Techna the mountain I see it kind of hard to miss do something turn hurry yes they all made it you hear that ribbon they're all safe so you can stop worrying yourself sick who's worry I'm just hanging out here oh let's try it again just watch out for the wings this time we've lost them they disappeared in all those clouds Stella can you do something look for a clear patch of sun it's also good for my tan Cloud breaker get ready to dance Techna okay Musa now it's your turn I'll do it power of Harmony it worked yeah yeah way to go Musa Brandon we Timmy you girls were great could it be that my Mistresses were wrong Spar looks like nothing but a cold dead Planet wait what was that surge I felt I sense something powerful go on bloom read it yes yes now I have you all I can sense the power of the Dragon Fire and the whole gaggle of those pathetic Guardian berries but how powerful could they possibly be to worry my Mistresses so much none of that matters to me I have but one target no what's it say no don't tell no it doesn't say you parents are no I can't read it I don't know what it says you won't have to look out everyone step back fear not young Bloom I Am Lord Bartleby I was your father's scribe and official keeper of this book and I have been waiting for you for many years young princess you've been waiting for me but of course and I am so happy to see you are well when the ancestral witches attacked Sparks your father risked his life to protect this book and preserve it here for you you knew my parents please tell me are they alive the book ah found it this chapter is on oritel and Marian your parents were the last rulers of Sparks hey it's their wedding picture isn't that the most amazing dress it's simply incredible fabulous look at their eyes there's so much strength there river river there's more that must be Daphne look at you two you're both so sweet Bartles baby show us more cute baby pictures of our balloon please I beg your pardon don't hold out on us it's a big book there must be lots of pictures I'm Sorry Miss just what you see I must apologize but we have to be quick times of the essence uh you're such a boring guy now when I turn the page wow it's the company of light just before their fight against the evil witches head mistress faragonda is in there too look how young she looks one more page bleby I must know what happened how odd there's no answer your parents have disappeared into the obsidian cave and not even this book can say for sure what happened beyond that dark doorstep does that mean that they're dead no princess they're just lost I'm afraid I know nothing more I don't believe it the book of Fate's a dead end wait a minute Lord bleby the book knows the fate of all the members of the Sparks royal family doesn't it well of course it does so there must be a chapter on Bloom of course why didn't we think of that sooner if Bloom's fate is to search for her parents then that book can help us find out where they are river h River what the heck is that River who's there if it is your will Bloom we can turn the page and see what the book says about your future but be warned finding out could be very dangerous I'm ready bleby I have to know H very interesting your entire Destiny converges on a single prophecy that was passed down from the most ancient Elders of Sparks at the crossroads of the Endless roads Demons of stone lead to the abyss of the Caged people a King Without a Crown will save another king of a lost kingdom and the six of the fellowship that defends light will shine with dazzling strength in the e evil darkness and what was lost will be found once again but I don't understand what does this have to do with my parents I think you hurt the book's feelings and bleby you're fading like cheap fabric my time in this Dimension is running out when pages are added to the book of the Sparks royal family history I'll be back to add them and now I take my leave of you it has been a great pleasure to be of service to you my princess Bloom Bartleby what does the last page of my future actually say it says nothing princess nothing but what does that mean it means that your future has not been written yet you'll have to be the one to define the end of this entire story don't you forget that ever goodbye wait B be please oh Riven oh give him room don't crowd over him let's bring him back to Alia oh Riven Riven Riven can you hear me you so relax he's so stubborn I bet he'll be out before Riven you're okay oh oh I did it I CED Riven welcome back Riven he missed you Riven how many fingers am I holding up my friend come on but I am most certainly not your friend you pathetic little but I am most certainly not your friend now now that they are all weak and Confused this is the best moment to really attack then go mandor and be certain you don't come back empty-handed the obsidian Circle you said so you've heard of it do you know what it is unfortunately yes my dear it's said to be a secret entrance to a dark and terrible place a vast dimension of ultimate fear and pain the scary image we saw written in the book of faith that was obsidian so it's the nightmare realm where monsters and the most horrible of creatures are all caged yes the story that every child in Magic's hears when he or she misbehaves is true and the Gate of the black circle of obsidian is what keeps evil distant and that is where the three ancestral witches were generated so my parents they could be let's hope not anyone who enters obsidian is hopelessly lost corrupted by absolute evil with the power of my grand Mistresses there is nothing that can stop me I'll snuff out the last flicker of life left in all of Spar look out oh no Stella what's going on out there you really don't want to know they're all under attack I better get changed the school year just started Alia is filled with freshman fairies which means there'll be no help to us Specialists it's time for action and always remember girls when using that spell Outdoors don't P it girls no you monster you don't scare me super vibration are you hungry for a little more okay then by the absolute power of Darkness I command you to yo huh shame on you little youngster that's not necessary using dark magic to repel a monster besides it'll take more than this pathetic bug to stop your old transformation professor many have tried to conquer Alfia surely the first to succeed will not be a giant worm flaming Flames out nice catch you I got him now you get him excellent timing boys it's up to us to hold off the rest of these monsters and give all the girls a chance to escape help help let's put this overgrown fleed asleep oh help help huh huh huh girls go help the others leave our to guess to me Hogan I can take care of myself thank you huh then you better take care of that witch does the name mandor sound familiar to you mandora here impossible who is mandora run this is not a good time for explanations for magics why are you villains always surrounded by these horrible smelly monsters run from manora Keeper of the obsidian Circle giant nightmare War my firewall's not working don't fret about your hairstyles ladies they won't matter for much longer when all our be crumbl you girls go look for a shelter or I'll have you all put in detention inspector gazela you can't talk to us like that we graduated pathetic old woman infinite Darkness you will not succeed I'm too powerful for you inside me turns the fury of the three great anal witches who who CH if I didn't know better I would swear it was alumni weekend around here parond you'll be damned But first you face my evil insect arm mother swarm and attack are you talking about them you'll all pay for this Winks commence everyone Focus converge energy of Mother Earth techn magical Union pure Enchanted morph Power of the sun power of sell Dragon Fire that's power head mistress we've got her don't let go Gloom I don't know how she managed to crawl out of that dark pit but by the power of all that is good and light I order you to return to your Abyss blo so that's for name she is the one I was looking for we did it no the school it's completely destroyed head mistress fanda no is she okay we need to get her help I looked everywhere and these are the only healing ointments I could find how's faragonda doing she's going to be fine Palladium she just used too much of her power all at once however many of the students were seriously injured this is a sad day for all of Alia see how useful I am Kiko I try to find my parents and instead I awakened some ancient evil that we all thought was buried forever the three ancestral witches the absolute evil oh when will they stop tormenting me do you think the book knows what the there you are and you look to no no Bloom that's not the way to be it's when things are at the darkest that you have to look on the bright side that's rule number one those voices Pixies have you been here all along of course oh lock it come closer and let me give you a squeeze oh Magic knows about aia's destruction we're here to help rebild hey look who's here fa have the flowers you look so beautiful do you have any flowers to show geranium dayy tulip Daisy daffodil or do you prefer big wild flowers so nice to see and hear you again chatter the guardian fairy of music I'm just so very proud of you give me a big smile for the camera did you girls come here just to cheer us all up we're here to put Alia back on its feet and we brought plenty of good things for you to eat and here buing ointments for all of your wounds because life must go on and there are plenty of good times together yet to come oh chatter if only we could all remember to act this way every time we had a problem mistress faragonda what are you doing out of bed Blom I need to talk to you to me yes I don't want you to think that I no longer believe in your dreams you'll find out how important it is to have people who believe in you to those who truly love you you'll never be a burden trust them and me Bloom yes I'll remember I will me too I'll remember so the power of Sparks is not contained in an object it's a person it's just a fairy yes an annoying fairy called Blue ah blue blue King orel's remaining daughter Daphne managed to save her before before we could kill her kidnapping her while I was at Alia would have been impossible she has so many strong friends and allies faragonda and hugan faragonda and hugan and the company of Light May they all burn forever for exiling us to this horrid place not for long sisters now all we have to do is wait for the fairies to come here and fall right into our trap and that ribon should prove to be very useful by insect's poison worked perfectly and now he is my own personal puppet ready to do my evil bidding but we can't allow the dragon's flame to come here and burn us oh the prophecy sisters do you remember well then the prophecy won't be fulfilled we will personally prevent it from happening we have no other choice if we want to find Bloom's parents then we're off to the whacked out world of obsidian but that place is forbidden unless you're made of pure cruelty just being there has extremely negative effects obsidian would drain our powers making the chances of us finding anything there exactly zero Bloom is her friend I know we should do what we can to help her but but nothing what we should be worried about now is figuring out how to get there yes let's show Bloom that we still remember what it means to be winks and that we'll never forget right Stella have you gone color blind or something if you ran out of nail polish you could have borrowed some of mine a trendsetter like me never borrows nail polish from anyone H what do you know anyway okay okay calm down be good now I've already asked Whiskas to send you back to gardinia to stay with Mike and Vanessa hey where do you think you're going girls I'm off to obsidian I know I have to go there and go alone yeah yeah let me guess you don't want to put anyone else in Mortal danger right the three ancestral witches are all still alive and they're in obsidian that's true and if they're working their evil magic then as guardian fairies it would be irresponsible for us not to help you we start it all together and we'll end this all together that's right and so admit it you know you didn't want to go all by yourself now let's go see if those cute Specialists will get was a ride hello and where are you all going I could try to stop the girls from going there but I know they wouldn't listen faragonda you should be very proud of them all I am hugan I am but I'm also worried how far can they go on just their courage alone they're all the same age we were and you've taught them the true value of universal good now winning is up to them now our first objective is to find the black gate that's the portal of obsidian OB detected but the black gate was sealed a long time ago we're going to need locket on the tree of portals back at the pixie's Village see I knew you were going to need us I don't know why but I feel like I'm being watched the tree of portals holds the key for every door in every world in the entire magical Dimension it has to be our first stop Bloom we still haven't had a chance to talk I still have to tell you what that there's something romantic going on between you and that mean girl in the uniform what no way Bloom don't even joke about something like that great that's good enough for now but it would only take a second girls Wonderful World dream everyone has a secret dream one day you wake up and see you've become a beautiful and Powerful fairy it's not easy to be special to believe in what they canot see full of talent you've got that something B will take you far one day you reach your to the sky and touch the Stars just believe in yourself and in the magic within open your eyes spread your wings mag everyone has a secret dream one day you wake up and we love you let follow them here entrance it's here but I'm not a guardian fairy I don't have the power to miniaturize Don't You Worry Bloom we'll handle it you stay here Tech you can't I have to do this I must trust them bloom can we come to I'll make sure you Pixies stay out of trouble are you ready girls wow this is a new perspective H I'm so tiny only ants and bugs would notice me goodbye Bloom see you later we'll be back in a FL there are so many keyholes follow me how do you know that's the right one hey you know all of your crazy electronic gizmos and I know portals look I had no idea there were so many locks in the magic Dimension every door has its own key wow we've seen some amazing things but nothing like this hey locket find anything no nothing oh you scared me I love trying out new magical jokes that's why they call me Jolly watch they're all so beautiful yes they are oh watch out Jolly run help help help help oh help what was that it came from outside let's just say your axe still needs a little work oh oh what a big mess oh no the explosion scrambled the keys Lo it the keys in here somewhere Focus I can do it I can do it I can do it uh-oh no come on you can do it don't give up come on Lockett you must hurry would you guys please chill it's right over there yipp lock it I'm just so proud of you I wish I could have been there you're the best o welcome to obsidian the perfect vacation spot for people you hate yes remind me to thank you girls for bringing me to this special Paradise hey this is no joke the evil here is so strong I can already feel my Powers weakening it's a good thing we left the Pixies back in the village these levels of evil radiation could easily kill them and let's not forget this place is ugly I don't care how evil you are there's no excuse for a total disregard of style oh hey Bloom something tells me this is the right place yes that must be the portal and that looks like the lock for our key okay there's no turning back now if anyone has any ideas this would be a good time oh earthquake look the pathway is opening up for us and that was only the beginning on the other side we'll find the answers we're looking for okay so who's going to take the first step ew totally gross actually it's really not so bad it kind of tickles greetings oh her again oh brother a trap you girls keep moving we'll hold them off attack uh-oh Riven the key huh Riven no where are you going excuse me but I it's gotten into you nice kick sky but you're too late no behind no Musa Musa Musa Musa no no the portal is closing nice work Riven your friends will be easy enough to handle now and the Winks they've started on their journey of no return Why did you do it my love no no Musa Riven we've got to help them girls yooo is anyone out there nothing it's like the mall on a Monday Bloom Techna Leila Stella can you hear me logically this is impossible I've got no signal at all as if all data has ceased to exist oh help me the prophecy wasn't wrong at the crossroads of endless roads Demons of stone lead to the abyss but these plants where are they coming from I can't even sense their life Essence like they're all dead too much data all conflicting information overload systems crash and logic meltdown my head my circuits are jammed my hands okay I'm just disappearing a little it's no big deal but I can't I'm I'm I'm too beautiful to fade away this darkness is so much stronger than me Orel Maran this is the story of the company of light it's history No this must be a trap left by the ancestral witches that's the vortex of dark energy where they disappeared with my parents there it's a picture from the book of Fate girls what happened to us my own morphics attacked me I was being attacked by evil lifeless plants I I was Vanishing what a horrible sensation The Witches know what scares us most and they're using it all against us it's the Ultimate Weapon but now we're here which means we've conquered our fears but wait that's got to be Hogan's sword and this statue this is a statue of my father Orel why is it here it's not a statue you pathetic girl don't you recognize him it's your father in stone and Bones no father we enjoyed torturing him all those years so he can share the fate of all the people of Sparks say hello to the people of Sparks princess Bloom your kingdom is in Lost Bloom just eternally petrified what don't you recognize them perhaps you'd like us to give you a closer look stop that vile company of light defeated us forcing our Spirits into this dark place but not having a body isn't a problem with boring them so easy our powers feel drained in this realm I know it's like having weak batteries yes poers are weakening look out Techna get out of me they're so strong we just can't go on girls what's happening to you all they're falling praise the darkness and you seem immune to it strength still burning within you the same strength that powered the sword welcome sien to your new home a place of no hope a place of Darkness now before meeting your new friends we'll just kill off your old ones we have been exiled in this prison for too long it's time to be free again and look at your father oritel trapped in here right along with the evil he fought so hard against behold this sword so charged with Spark's power that we can't even touch it never mind destroy it still itts us we failed in all our attempts to possess your father's body his will was too powerful with his will alone he prevailed over the most evil Warriors from every Dimension all died at his slightest touch in you flow Sparks Royal bloodline the power of the dragon flame only you can raise the flame and destroy The Sword and then everything will be over we'll even let you go back to your school and forget this whole horrible nightmare no my own vital energy runs through this sword destroying it would be like destroying myself and everything that the power of Sparks represents so miss blue need a little more convincing when was the last time we looked in on Mike and the Nessa what might they be doing right about now Vanessa what do you want from them not from Dan Bloom from you destroy the sword and their lives will be spared after killing those wretched Specialists it might be fun for madora to finish the job by killing your adoptive parents as well she's there right now just waiting for our orders it's your choice Bloom do you keep trying to save the life of a father you've never known or do you save the lives of the people who took you in and raised you and gave you so much love someone will live and someone will die and it is you who must choose aha right did you think I'd fall for that have you lost your mind little princess I've never seen Mike hold the cat without sneezing his head off if that really was him then his allergies would act up and he couldn't play with the cat and seriously Mand regor is is a joke there's no way she could have beaten all the Specialists dragon's flame spear you'll pay dearly for this manora come on guys it's time to do some Exterminating finally I've been waiting this m are you okay I'm a fairy I know how to protect myself what happened to you my love I was under the control of mandora and I've had a hard time trying to figure out what it is I'm fighting for have you finally figured out what you're fighting for Riven I've always known it for you let's get moving that Gate's coming down pretty quickly mandra come back to us Brandon you guys take care of these bugs I'll follow manand regor no problem Sky we have everything under control take that what's happening even your powers are doomed to vanish in this place little princess do it Bloom take a orel's sword and destroy it the man who forged it told me only a truly pure-hearted King could hold the sword then perhaps I should take care of it Sky you made it yes Be Our Guest young Master Sky no don't don't do it you're not a king yet no no stop my love no SC no no no what a fool the sword Bloom it kills the man you love all the more reason to destroy it my friends sky my nightmares come true I can't do this all alone Bloom you're not alone Dy DNE they say you only die once but in your case we'll be happy to make an exception you thought you destroyed the power of Sparks now it destroys you now let's do it dney together no just in time mandora let me give you a hand no please no you thought you could defeat the flowers of ultimate Darkness instead you are doomed everyone love to the infinite grip of evil hey so what's new with you Skye I must know how were you able to draw my father's sword only the king can touch the sword and I am the king my coronation was the night I had to leave you I'm the new king of aracleon why didn't you tell me this before sweet Bloom I tried to tell you many times but I just couldn't find the right moment to do it so that means the prophecy was right a King Without a Crown will save a king of a lost kingdom and what was lost you be again and just as a Vortex of dark energy had trapped the inhabitants of Sparks now a good energy can return the people to Freedom h my Marion OH Marion I've missed you so it was torture having you so close when I couldn't touch you even then I was by your side and there I'll remain forever mother father Daphne what has happened to you more than I could possibly explain but all that matters now is that you're free and it's all thanks to my sister bloom it can't be my sweet baby daughter a bloom a celebration for The Rebirth of Sparks what could be better are you sure your feeling up to this invite me to dance and you might find out for yourself princess you're a beautiful princess Bloom but you'll always be my little girl a special child for sure with a noble heart and big smiling eyes you can't imagine how many times I've dreamt of this moment and now it's here who knows how many times we've both had that same dream can a father steal a few moments with his own daughter or would you rather stay here chatting with your mother dad you had to grow up without us and since we weren't able to be there for the first half of your life Bloom we promise that we will be there for the rest we know you didn't raise yourself and we're very grateful for those who stood by you that's why we invited them here so we could both thank them personally hey Mike Vanessa hey look at you you're a real princess now but then you were always a princess to us even without all of this now if you'll excuse us Bloom would you please honor me in the traditional fatherdaughter dance it is a great Sparks custom for a king to dance with his daughter Bloom I think there's someone else who would like to share in the honor of dancing with you you look so I've been wanting to tell you something you were so brave Brave would have been breaking aracan laws telling you that I was to become king and then having to face the most severe consequences and disciplinary actions and what disciplinary actions those would have been your highness neglecting your responsibilities for moonlight dance king of aracleon I suppose I should start calling you your majesty from now on and greet you with deep bows no I'll be thanking you Prince princess thanking you for your trust for your eyes and for your love hey Bloom the dance can't start without you come on I've got to show off this delicious new dress Stella I would never deny you the chance to dance you my princess and thus the fairy that was searching for her Origins learned to believe in herself and to trust the people she loved she stayed true to herself and to what she believed in and won her greatest battle saving her kingdom freeing her people and reuniting her family and finally becoming a true Guardian fairy and now written in the book of Fate there's a new company of light the Winks those stupid girls we've played them like puppet they've destroyed obsidian for us and now at last we're free now we just have to borrow some other bodies those little fairies flew right into our devious web and soon we'll rip their stupid little fairy wings right off their bodies promises have meaning words again and broken dreams are drifting to an end I feel it like my life has just begun I'm waiting for the first time waiting for the first time waking for the very first time to the sun I'm getting a feeling that I want to explore my heart to the ceiling and my feet up the floor you let it all the magic oh and it's even better than before you open your heart and then you open the door I'm getting all the magic desert land is drinking from the sky ever since I heard the words made me cry there's loveing Shadows waiting to be seen I'm waiting for the first time waking for the first time waking for the very first time to a dream I'm getting a feeling that I want to explore my heart to the ceiling and my feet off the floor you let it all magic it's even better than door I'm getting all the magic all I can take all I can take I won't break all I can take all I can take I'm getting a feeling that I want to feet off the magic oh it's even better than open up magic I'm getting all the magic I'm getting all the magic could you imagine all the I was small when I first heard my inner voice then I followed my destiny it let me he and now I'm making the best of my awesome skills and I'm able to fight dark I am only a mission it's a magical lives but sometimes I day just like anyone else e for

- Zero Trust Explained in 4 mins: Kind: captions Language: en-US Zero Trust is a Security Strategy that says&nbsp; you shouldn’t grant implicit trust to a user, device or an application, based solely&nbsp; upon some property about them, like their network location. Over the next&nbsp; few minutes I’ll explain exactly what we mean by this, and how IBM can help.&nbsp; Let’s be clear up front - Zero Trust isn’t something that can simply be delivered by&nbsp; implementing a new piece of technology, nor is it a point product or service&nbsp; that you can just go out and buy. It’s a Security strategy that has three core&nbsp; principles. But before I come onto those, let me explain why organisations are increasingly&nbsp; moving on from the previous popular model of Perimeter Security: Firstly&nbsp; - there’s this somewhat Medieval notion that you have a perimeter to your network,&nbsp; where you build the walls as high as possible and try stop malicious actors at the gates.&nbsp; This no longer works because employees are working from home more than&nbsp; they're working from the office,&nbsp;&nbsp; and because hybrid cloud is&nbsp; now clearly the pre-eminent platform for enterprise infrastructure.&nbsp; So it’s an increasingly complex problem to define a perimeter. Secondly -&nbsp; the concept of Trust is a very human one that we’ve taught computers to&nbsp; adapt to - for example, if I see Helen every day at the office wearing her employee badge,&nbsp; I trust that she’s an employee and is there for the right reasons. In reality, I don’t&nbsp; actually know that she wasn’t let go last week for misconduct, and is now back in&nbsp; the office trying to steal corporate data. So a computer security model based on a human&nbsp; definition of trust is inherently flawed, particularly in a world where attackers are&nbsp; finding it easier than ever to steal credentials and disguise themselves as trustworthy.&nbsp; Without a Zero Trust Security model, once an attacker is in the corporate network, they&nbsp; can move laterally to new systems with relative ease. This brings me onto&nbsp; the first defining principle of the Zero Trust model - “Never trust,&nbsp; always Verify” Just because somebody is on your corporate network, and is carrying&nbsp; that badge with an employee name on it, doesn’t mean they are who they say they are, or&nbsp; that they’re necessarily well-intentioned. So Always Verify piece refers to the fact that&nbsp;&nbsp; every time something, like a&nbsp; user, device or application tries to make a new connection attempt,&nbsp;&nbsp; that attempt should be rigorously&nbsp; authenticated and authorised, and not simply trusted because it’s coming&nbsp; from inside the corporate network, for example. Implement least privilege is the second core&nbsp; principle of a Zero Trust Architecture which says you should only grant users and applications&nbsp; the minimum amount of access that they need to perform their job effectively, and no more.&nbsp; Privileged Access Management is a great way of implementing least privilege&nbsp; for Admin users, for example. And finally, Assume Breach. This is my favourite&nbsp; of the Zero Trust principles because it encourages teams to plan for the worst case scenario,&nbsp; and build robust and tested incident response plans so that when attacks do occur, the&nbsp; time to respond is rapid & well-practiced. Not only this, but this principle encourages&nbsp; organisations to shrink the target, and the impact zone of an attack, through networking&nbsp; principles like micro-segmentation. So, how can IBM Security help? We&nbsp; recognise that different clients will have different business drivers & priorities for&nbsp; why they want to deploy Zero Trust, so we’ve created four actionable blueprints, depending&nbsp; on where you want to start - they are: • Reduce the risk of insider threat • Secure the remote workforce • Preserve customer privacy • Protect the hybrid cloud You can download these, with&nbsp; no form filling required, from www.ibm.com Thanks for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @frabsurdity [42 likes]: 1. Verify explicitly
2. Provide least privilege necessary to get job done
3. Assume breach at every step
  2. @tariqkhan185 [2 likes]: I knew there was something off about Helen.
  3. @MariusBarczak [1 likes]: Zero Trust is often misunderstood as a product strategy or a collection of security tools. In reality, it is an architectural philosophy that fundamentally changes how organizations think about trust, access and system design.

For many years companies tried to solve security problems by building stronger perimeters. Firewalls became more advanced, detection systems more complex and monitoring more extensive. But the real problem was never just technology. The real problem was architectural thinking.

Modern environments are no longer static. Cloud computing, remote work, AI systems and distributed infrastructure mean that the traditional perimeter no longer exists. Identity, context and behavior now define trust, not network location.

This is why security architecture is becoming the most critical discipline in cybersecurity. Organizations that succeed will be those that design security into their systems from the beginning instead of trying to add protection later.

Zero Trust is not about trusting nothing. It is about validating everything intelligently.

It is about designing systems where compromise of one component does not mean compromise of the whole environment. This requires segmentation, strong identity models, continuous verification and resilience thinking.

In the next years I believe we will see a major shift from tool-driven security strategies to architecture-driven security strategies. The organizations that understand this early will gain a massive advantage in resilience, stability and long-term risk reduction.

Cybersecurity maturity will increasingly be measured not by how many tools a company has, but by how well their security architecture is designed.
  4. @thegrowthedition: 💌
  5. @LizyAd: Thank you for this!
  6. @OmalPeeris: nice video , well understood 👍
  7. @user-lv4dz2bl3q: Zero trust 
No cohesion 
What  ,parasitic paradigm 
Gluttons of Hopes 


https://youtu.be/TU3HUqUZeYw?si=YewbKDjlpPX2aPEG
  8. @neerajsingh-xf3rp: Zero trust in real life 😂

Trust No one and nothing
  9. @alfredwilliams6627: Thank you so much
  10. @honestaussie5747: Terrible phrase “zero trust” all global business relies on trust including trusting in the competence of CIOs. You should never associate the phrase “zero trust” with employees within your organisation. Pure bullshit branding for a faux-security industry.
  11. @zeke6663: actual information starts at 1:50 
put on 1.5 speed
  12. @oopsingh: Zero trust principles:
Never trust, always verify
Least privilege 
Assume breach
  13. @zdrgdr: Doesn't this "zero trust" is trying to invent VPN again and IP4 policies again ?
  14. @JohnNeo: Always verify... Sounds reasonable.
But how to verify the verification?😳
  15. @JohnNeo: shall I trust my CPU
  16. @Thฤทธิชัยก้อนทอง: 🌟🌟🌟
  17. @amilasamaraweera6209: Good explanation!
  18. @Douglas_Gillette: Most security products and strategies are not new or advanced. This includes the ‘Zero Trust’ strategy, regardless of how frequently vendors mention it. Authentication being used behind the firewall and on the internal devices of a network has been used for decades.
  19. @Retroman8077: For us true geeks it's a strategy that proved unreliable. It doesn't take a off point Snowden film to prove it either. If your staff can't learn enough to cancel Helens access on the way out the door your company is fffffed from the first time booz sends you a employee making 285k a year
  20. @MokkaStore-b2o: ❤

- What Is Snowbird Tourism? - Everything About Phoenix: Kind: captions Language: en What is snowbird tourism? Have you ever wondered why so many people flock to Phoenix during the winter months? This phenomenon is known as snowbird tourism. It involves seasonal migration, where individuals, often from colder northern parts of North America, travel to warmer southern areas to escape the harsh winter. Phoenix, Arizona is a prime destination for these travelers seeking sunshine and milder temperatures. Each year, thousands of snowbirds make their way to Phoenix, significantly impacting the local economy. These visitors typically stay for several months, which can lead to a noticeable increase in the city's population during winter. This influx supports local businesses from restaurants to shops and recreational facilities, providing a boost to the economy. One of the appealing aspects of snowbird tourism in Phoenix is the wide range of activities available. Snowbirds can enjoy outdoor adventures like hiking and biking, cultural events, and worldclass golf courses. The city offers various accommodations including vacation home rentals and recreational vehicle parks catering to different preferences and budgets. However, the large number of snowbirds does come with challenges. The increased population can strain local resources such as transportation and housing. Additionally, the rise in vehicle usage during the winter months can lead to air pollution, which is a concern for both residents and visitors alike. Despite these challenges, Phoenix continues to embrace snowbirds as part of its vibrant winter community. The city benefits from the economic boost and the cultural exchange that comes with hosting these seasonal visitors. Local officials and community leaders work to balance the needs of both residents and snowbirds, ensuring that Phoenix remains an attractive destination for those seeking a warm winter retreat. In summary, snowbird tourism plays a vital role in Phoenix's history and cultural heritage travel. It reflects the city's growth and the rise of tourism, showcasing how seasonal visitors contribute to the local economy while enjoying all that Phoenix has to offer.

- Daily Life, Errands and Local Vibes as a Snowbird in Mexico: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] w h m this is how we always make our coffee we only do one beautiful pour over every morning usually just one so I'm going to let these do their thing and to go get ready for the day good morning okay so what is on the agenda today so the agenda today in this episode Jesse and I uh are of a few errands to run um first thing uh first uh we will go visit our Juice Guy Ronaldo and his lovely wife Eva uh they run a a Flor store and uh one of the best things about living here is interacting with our friends the local people even though we don't speak Spanish being part of the community we like to support all the community shops and stores most of the people here speak a little English yeah enough as we speak a little Spanish speak po Poco so we'll visit Ronaldo and Eva and come back uh we like to make breakfast first before we head out we need nutrition as we walk everywhere so after that we'll go get a coffee in town we have this lovely little shop on our walk to start our errands and then we will head to guadalahara Pharmacy then after guadalahara Pharmacy we need to go to Shad Roi which is our local grocery store as well we need to pay our CF bill that's our electric bill that's the electric bill and we're going to attempt that as office procedures here you really don't know what you're going to experience we'll see what happens when we get there but first we have to stop at the caf the cash machine we have to get out some pesos yes so we'll show you show you how we do that there is a a technique to that some things to consider um when you're taking out cash in Mexico or any other foreign country Michael said we like to start early in the day because it does get very warm yeah it's best to get all your errands done early in the morning up till about 1:00 2:00 is a good time to come back we're generally back and have a rest Siesta um yes so we grab a juice and then bring it back we make our breakfast and enjoy our fresh squeezed juice then uh we'll get off and on our way to run some erand yeah so come on with us and we'll show you what it's like here in busaras N Neo in today's episode we are going to show you where we go to do some shopping locally and where we love to go around our neighborhood so come on fabulous little nurseries and we're going to be coming back to get plants for our planter and we're going to see what this Cafe has for us today yes see uh Cino be happy be Happ and two excellent Cino Where We Are what so this way we have shadra which is the um closest grocery store to us has most things that you'll need we are going to head across the street it looks daunting but it's all in the timing graas I always hold on to my hat and okay so we are going to first head to O lahara Pharmacy which is just next door here and so one of the things we love is being able to walk to most places we're going to do a shop generally we will take a taxi home if we've got a lot of big items and that costs about 50 pesos or 350 or so and if we uh don't then we'll just walk home with the articles that we need carrying heavy things is good for our bones so this is the pharmacy pretty much everything you need here hello hello so it's a lot like a Sho Dr Mar really you can get your car wash while you it's common policy here to leave any large bags at customer service as you enter the store so everything from motorbikes bicycles to clothing and housewares is available at shedra this is interesting look at this m& and there's all the pods too neighor neighbor wi okay we find what we need to make the me we're used to and there's always a work around if need be sometimes this leads to new favorites imported items will cost much more so we tend to use Mexican made products spe that's $14 92 faes for aqua Minal that's $6 marshmallow those ones I want these ones I like these ones s them these on cider as well oh and they use it in m so there's lots of you can get some really excellent cocktail so we have arrived at Santander Bank and I'm using my wise card to withdraw Mexican pesos the wi card works by holding several foreign currencies on it and those are purchased online uh whenever you like whenever the rate is good and so I uh don't have to decline the conversion because there isn't a conversion here it will withdraw Mexican pesos um automatically it's recognized as a pre paid visa and if it were a debit or a credit card you would want to decline the conversion at the ATM level so that it could be reconciled um by your bank later on uh and uh so this is how we get money out of the ATM here in Mexico and actually you can use that at any other country as well because we've done use the wise card to withdraw pounds in England and Euros in Europe um and US dollars as well so uh if you want more information I'll leave a link below okay this is where we come to pay the electric bill takes a really really long time gracias you have to go well we went to pay the CF Bill and this is what happened a very kind lady gave us her number which was 39 because she had to go when we got inside we found that it was very busy and perhaps it was not the right day but we sat and waited for about 20 minutes and none of the numbers changed um so we ended up giving our number to somebody else who had 43 so at least they'd get in a little earlier and we went on our way so we will have to return or pay it online I have done that successfully in the past but this time I did want to put a credit on the account um and so I still want to do that and so I will do that next time uh but yeah so no luck at CFE but uh um we found a friend so it was okay in the end

  Top Comments:
  1. @krl5852 [2 likes]: Great video you two! In the future could you please slow down when taking a video of items in the grocery store. At times it felt like I was on a Merry go Round, the footage was a little too fast & blurred.
  2. @1962-e4y [1 likes]: You don’t pay CFE on line easy peasy.  😊
  3. @TheAccidentalRetiree [1 likes]: Nice to see a day in mexico
  4. @nancysantamaria3924 [1 likes]: Makes me miss you and Mexico so much ❤.  Well done luv 👏🥰
  5. @elvaplascencia6810: Loved your video I’m about to move in few weeks in Mazatlan I was in buzerias once last year did not see nice rentals on my budget . 👋🇺🇸
  6. @ljdando: Great video!
  7. @stephanieestep5429: Paying the electric bill wasn’t fun!  I understand why you want to put a credit on the account!
  8. @wandererblog: Nice beautiful video! I'm your new friend on your channel!
  9. @robertberge1519: I will be right there.

- Hula - a practice in resource management: Snowbird Bento at TEDxManoa: Kind: captions Language: en aloha mai kakou in the hole maka maka maka maka okay Ave al Hickey Kamali la hora valina kako so many people know that that I'm a Kumu hula but competition is not the biggest thing that we do in our hollow for me I teach hula because it is a way for me to keep the more lellow of my kupuna it is the way for me to take a snapshot of the life that we have here today because that's just as important as maintaining the stories and histories of our kupuna that have come before us we need to give our children and our grandchildren and their children the picture of who we are as Kanaka in 2013 and so hula helps me to do that because it invigorated my love of oh la la Hawaii and it gave me a platform if you will not to educate others but really to educate myself to want to know more to delve more into it and so I have this dream a lot and my homeowner that dance with me they know because um you know even though I said competition is not everything that we do in Hollow we have participated in the biggest competition that there is in Hawaii and that is at the Merrie Monarch hula competition and whenever we're getting prepared and many of the Kumu hula out there they know you know we're a little bit crazy just a little bit I'm at Merrie Monarch Friday night kahiko performance my gang is getting ready I'm in the zone and into my head pops what are you gonna do it for next year totally I'm like sitting there and then my kid my home monitor they're looking at me and they can see that little thing and then they look at me to go what can we already thinking wrong next year I said yeah I'm like can I just get done with tonight first let me just finish this thing before I start thinking about the next one but I always have this one dream where everybody's in the room we're all getting together they're trying to get ready I don't sit there and dress every single one of them there are doubts they cannot drink they can dress themselves we've gone through the protocols already the proper ways to who made their Marlow and to como de loyola to put on their ahoo and to adorn themselves and people start going oh my gosh where's my lay oh my gosh I don't have my cowl ah this is my dream by the way and I start freaking out where's my evil and then you hear Kimo kawano coming over the speaker and now from Honolulu Oahu under the direction of their Kumu hula and here comes my name and I'm freaking out and then I wake up and I realize competition is like seven months away it's what I do to myself but you know when I look back on it in hindsight I think that's the way that my kupuna speak to me my ancestors reminded me of all the little things I need to do in order to fulfill the more lellow that they want me to share in order to bring to life whatever story it is whatever message it is that needs to come out at that moment not for the Liholiho for myself first because I'm a consummate student and then for my homeowner and then hopefully for the LA Hui for us to be reminded that there's we all have connection I'm thinking about ala plucky's speech as the first person to just kind of break the waves for us and he talked us about native intelligence I call that intuition some of us call that now when we're guided by our na and we put forth that energy and our kupuna are speaking to us whether it is in dream whether it is in home Ilona in science whether it is by the people in the faces that come to see us whether it's in the melody of a song they're speaking to us so that they can carry a message forward a message that is primally no matter if it's 200 years old or happened yesterday because they're constantly around us hula helps me to remember my physical connectivity to I know that which I can put my feet on marques talked about the ties that bind and he talked about the Papa and the COO and the Papa COO the foundations hula for me is a foundation the foundation of Who I am not just as a Kanaka not just as a woman but as part of a collective because it is greater than me it is greater than you as the individuals it's about all of us and just thinking about kalapas talk about navigation navigation and wayfinding to move away from the shore to move away from the things that are uncomfortable so that we can discover the new innovations and the new ways of thinking so move away from the shore hey Lenny Cole una so that you can discover the stars above you to me hula helps to encompass all of those things those three particular things my polina to kupuna and my fellow Kanaka my polina to the aina and my polina to Olelo Hawaii are the resources that hula helps me to manage because they're all very vital to our survival hula some people would say is my practice for me hula is my life hula is my life through hula I found my self-confidence through Huell I found the ability to to be passionate about something and to make a difference because of that passion hula also has allowed me to be creative spread my wings a little bit and to share some real strong and deep personal messages that I think can resonate not just here in Hawaii but throughout the world in particular our holo is just about nine years old and for the last six summers we've been traveling around Oahu about six to seven sometimes eight weeks every summer several classes of mine and I we go hallo hallo and the reason for it is because it will first it started off with I just wanted my homeowner to understand and know this place is called this this is how you get this in this dance or this wind is called that do you feel that because the wind that blows that passes our face if I'm standing at kapalama it's called Oh loud new it is the same wind that touched the face of my kupuna that we're standing there two hundred years before me thousand years before me during the time of walk eeeh and Papa and home meal it is the same wind and when I chant when I get to look back at jets some of those chants are traditional it is the closest that I come to speaking the same words as my kupuna that's powerful and everything is layered yeah everything is layered in that and so when we started our Hui series it was just to get everybody out there and I realized almost immediately that it was so much more than that that are being able to Huli our lima Alalu and put our hands to some work because when we go out we don't just go out to na na while you know we don't go out just to go looking we go out to make some kind of impact we look we interact with the maka mama the Koopa okay la Ayane the people who are from that place for generations upon generation we listen to their more Lelo we help them clean out their LOI we help them build up the walls of the La Jolla and sometimes we just go to be with that I know because that's what it needs like when we go to cook any local to the pickle of our mokopuna Oahu we just sit we learn a little bit about that area and then we take in the whole place to be surrounded there by koala and cola and to think and to know that how many hundreds of years worth of my kupuna were born here in this place and what was their story to be born at Keuka nee loco well they were born to be the managers of the resources resources that were the people the Kanaka the iana the land itself and even their own history and so I tried to think about a way that would make sense to you folks all because you know I'm a hula person right no power point behind and I thought and then brother come well and we were just talking earlier and he said well isn't that true then olie and hula that's like the power point of our kupuna right I was like angel hearts aha yeah totally totally and so um I want to speak to you about a real specific experience that my home on and I went through this past year as we prepared for Merrie Monarch we were very very honored to be a part of the 50th anniversary of the Merrie Monarch competition and I'm just going to go on record and say I am super happy that we fulfilled that kuleana and now we're taking a break because my brain could rest Friday night yeah because normally Friday I'm already thinking what we're gonna do next year so my brain was resting on Friday and I'm not sure how many of you guys got to see it but we did a tribute to coma Holly and so you know I'm a little crazy as some kamala tend to be and i i i sat down with a two other Jets good good dear friends of mine a couple in chenko who is a master challenge I call him the master chanter of the universe and he always tells me can you just be quiet that title is not for me I don't like well I never win competition but you just did and and common well I am who just became a daddy for the second time this morning so my Aloha to him and limo me and and of course he texted me like right before this by the way your knee says hey good luck aunty I'm like are you crazy but that's their way of sending their their mana to us at TEDx and so here we here we were talking story about what I want to do and I said you know I've had this theme in my mind since 2005 and I've just never been able to bring it out front I'm not sure why maybe the timing just wasn't right they said what's the theme I said come Hawaii and so it should be pretty easy I mean you know what kind shirt gents you know I was like I know one colony of poos one um and then it started my brain started going and I think really no it was mine I might not know because my coupon I was talking to right in my ear like come on so weird because I'm always trying to find that what is the thing that's going to just hook them on how do we innovate this story of kamale most of us know that Como Harley is the elder brother elder sibling of Pilli and that when they are leave kojiki whether it's through expulsion or by choice or however because there's variations of this story a-- como la leee is the Navigator but we know this because it's not from his own words it's coming from the narrative of Pele we know this story so I looked at la couple when comma well and I said you know what I want to do I want to tell him oh how come Oh Holly story from his perspective and they both were in hair and Kamuela in his really fun way turn around he looks at me goes you're crazy you're crazy are you serious you want us to do that I go yeah let's put a voice to come on honey economy can happen can we do this yup let's do this it is the first time that I presented anything that from the beginning to the end from the only the Cutty the Mele and the Hawaii was completely brand new completely ours completely the three of us and then once given that information and talked to my home mana completely there's and then once shared at Merrie Monarch completely for everyone else to tell this story but in order for us to do that we needed to be connected to aina and so for the last four summers I've been taking my hollow took a whole lava to the home of Kamali to the cliffs of Cana PO to stand at kealakehe key the pathways to thai tea or kahi key to the lands beyond to stand in obscene places that our kupuna stood to get an idea and understanding of the things that they could have they had to try and think about that they had to the finite resources that they had to try and understand what would motivate them to leave what was common Wally's role and eventually we came to the idea that come on Holly can you imagine the stream and the uh-huh I know what it's like to be the oldest sibling in the family I do I know what it's like to carry burden and to carry that kuleana and many of us who are older or the eldest in the family we understand this and so we came from that perspective that Kamali was charged first with protecting his family second with finding them someplace that they could thrive and so we started there and we got all the way to the point where we had a many the words came I was tasked with not putting not having to do the words but putting the AR the melody to the chanting to put the words in the choreography to that and so today I brought one of my home because I figure what better way to show you the collective mana and connectivity to I not to each other as Kanaka and to our OhLaLa Hawaii then to show you the physical manifestation of what we what we were able to create and so I'm going to ask one of my home Monica Vika to come up and he's going to do we're going to do really quickly the chant for comma Holly that starts in kojiki he's in coma ha Kiki is is engulfed in darkness and there's a coma ha there but as the menorah come on oil is able to follow the sulfuric pact the hot spots if you will and we know this by science is being validated there that our mono have the ability to sense electromagnetic from force fields so following that sulfuric hot spots to get to Hawaii and even down to the lowly the colors and the textures and the things that we chose to adorn ourselves with we're all to help us in that moment and in the moments that we do perform embody the physical manifestation of Carmel Holly in that journey and so without further ado I'm the one not with a kennel my local park

  Top Comments:
  1. @MarkaromanLA [9 likes]: I won a trip to Hawaii back in 2003... I got to see a performance at our hotel, Pink Hawaiian. There were many dancers but one stood out so much to me because of the energy that she exudes. After the show I went to the side of the stage & waited for her to come offstage... by the way, that is waaaaay out of my character to do that. I stopped her & told her how mesmerizing she is & asked to take pictures with her. Then I said, "What is your name?" She said, Snowbird. And I've kept up with her career & passion ever since.
  2. @louisatei3466 [4 likes]: Eō Kumu Snowbird! I still believe you really should have your own TV show! Aloha.
  3. @william7835 [1 likes]: That's why is very important to stay focused in the moment.. Forget about Yesterday and Tomorrow or the Future..
  4. @Elizabeth-ub9ph [1 likes]: She says that hula is what she found confidence from and she found a passion for and a meaning , I am the same I am grateful to find hula and have a connection in my heart to it 💓
  5. @zakhenry8954 [1 likes]: beautiful Auntie.
  6. @haupuaea9031 [1 likes]: BRILLIANT!!!!  Mahalo nui ia oe, e Snowbird, no keia mea waiwai loa...aloha nui!
  7. @rkgomes3875: ❤❤❤❤❤

- Snowbirds Can't Escape Cold Weather: Kind: captions Language: en they come to get away from the frigid temperatures up north January is a start of snowbird season along the Gul Coast folks mostly retired to make their annual pil pilgrimage to our local beaches they spend money as well especially at time when the businesses along the coast is slow local 15 James Gordon joins us live from our Balman County bureau tonight James Beyond business snowbirds spread Goodwill through volunteerism and numerous fundraisers they do Kim and for that reason snowbirds are in high demand we welcome them home from places like Wisconsin Minnesota and Ohio they've traded in the snow for the White Sands Snowbird season means more than 10,000 winter visitors to the Alabama coast each year between the months of January and March pping roughly $30 million into the local economy buying groceries and Fuel and whatever you know uh restaurants we go out the restaurants quite often early bird and lunch specials are a fixture here this time of year and so is a game of golf only this week the games have been frozen out for some I love the golf so I do a lot of golfing I haven't this year because of the weather but uh we'll get started this week and we offer some lunch cruises out of the bluegill restaurant cities like mobile are taking advantage of the snowbird impact today Port City tourism officials hosted this open house in Orange Beach promoting attractions hotels and restaurants at mobile and mobile is such a nice um compliment to what you're doing at the beach because of our history and our architecture and our Gardens and and the culture you know it's just a little something different um that kind of can make their vacation even more memorable back at Gul Shores RV parks are filled to capacity there's a waiting list here still this week the Arctic blast up north is slowing some people down and there still are some empty lots but that's because folks are still battling through the snow just to get here and there's a reason why folks hit the road early we like to leave December 1st because we know by then the weather's going to start really getting bad now there are at least 10 snowboard clubs and every year they join forces holding fundraisers to benefit local fire departments libraries and even the local zoo in Balon County James Gordon local 15 news

- FindMyRI: The Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thousand from yesterday and probably 500 from today and what is it for you about the thrill of coming to see this guy huh looks from the Arctic Ocean there's you know they only come from November to April or March I don't know it's very addictive though I can tell you that it really is there's one thing you still haven't gotten in right differently which is like what photographers want to do they CL does it won't get them exploit have you ever when you've gotten one in a plate before like I you like what goes through your head then you get head shot it's just amazing to watch them you know to be able to saw the way they do it just it's just

- Snowbird | Sean Baker | Short Film | VOSE: Kind: captions Language: es Jean. Hola, Jean. Hola. ¿Cómo estás? Bien. ¿Y tú? Bien. Qué bueno verte. Ha pasado tiempo. Lo sé. ¿Qué es esto? ¿Quieres verlo? Sí. Abajo, Jill. No es para ti. Vamos, acuéstate. ¿Lista? Oh, vaya. Lo sé. Lo hice yo misma. ¿Lo hiciste tú? Sí. Vaya. ¿Quieres un poco? ¿Tienes platos? ¿Cuanto quieres, pedazo grande? Bien. Ok, querida, te conozco desde hace varios años. Sí. Nunca te he visto esforzarte por hornear un pastel para nadie antes. Oh, sí. Bueno, eso es bonito ¿Sabes cómo alguien puede saber si está bueno o no? Cuánto ruido hacen cuando están comiendo el pastel ¿Está bueno? He visto a Bob, recientemente. Tiene un remolque por aquí. Y si quieres ir a verlo y no quieres ir sola, hay una campana ahí mismo. Tócala. ¿Por qué querría ver a Bob? Porque lo amas. ¿Horneaste esto tú misma? Sí, lo horneé yo misma esta mañana. Entonces, ¿tienes propano en tus tanques? Si, fuí a una gasolinera esta mañana cuando fui a recoger la mezcla para pastel. Lo llené allá abajo. Está realmente bueno Gracias. Tengo algo que quiero mostrarte. ¿Sí? Fui a excavar en el desierto ayer y encontré estos tesoros. ¿Qué es eso? Bueno, estos parecen viejas balas Balas muy viejas que encontré en la tierra. Esto parece parte de una bomba. ¿Qué vas a hacer? No lo sé. Tal vez un proyecto de arte. ¿Oh, sí.? ¿Tú sabes qué es eso? No. Esto creo que le conectabas cables al frente e ibas y ponías la mina ahí y luego, bum. ¿Vas a volar el campamento? No lo sé Es genial. Eh, antigüedades de equipo militar. Creo que esto es de como los años 40 o 30. Oye, ¿sabes la fecha de hoy? No lo sé. No lo sé. Es un día como cualquier otro. ¿Alguna vez me has visto con un calendario o un reloj? El tiempo no existe aquí Es un poco dulce de verdad. Muy dulce. me gusta lo dulce. Sí, "cuando llega a la playa, salta y salta. Salta." "Simplemente no puedes parar. Podrías ser como un mundo" "Simplemente no puedes parar." No es demasiado dulce. Me gusta. ¿No es demasiado dulce? Bien. Entendido. Algunas otras personas pensaron que era un poco dulce Oh, que pasa contigo Aiden tuvo un accidente. Espera aquí. Gracias, Aiden. Esa fue realmente una linda sorpresa. A comer pastel. y lo escupe. ¿Espera, Pastel de tocino? Sí, seguro ¿Cuál es la ocasión? A veces es bueno comer pastel sin ninguna razón. Sí "¿Me escuchas? Todavía creo en ti." "Creedme Odio las cosas que hago" Hola Bob Theo. Pensé que tal vez querrías un poco. Oh, gracias. Qué bueno verte. Cianuro Ostic. Te ves bien. Tú no te ves tan mal tampoco. Ya he comido demasiado. Nuevo pasatiempo tuyo. ¿Qué? Hornear pasteles. Oh, no. Solo hoy. Tenemos tres velas a elección. Eso es muy elegante, Bob La gente nunca reutiliza las velas de cumpleaños. Nunca lo entendí Adelante. ¿Seguro? Hazlo. Vale.

  Top Comments:
  1. @EllaArmstrong-iz7sy: what is the song playing at 6:26
  2. @RAYMONNNNN: incredible

- The Beloved of Snowbird | Visibly Speaking: NC's Inclusive Public Art Project | PBS North Carolina: Kind: captions Language: en-US [hopeful music] ♪ [man speaking in foreign language] [woman speaking in - [Woman] This grant gave us opportunity to create a mural project that depicted the matriarchs of the Snowbird community. - That looks really nice. - Everybody knew her. - Yeah, she was big in the community of Cherokee language camps during the summer and stuff like that. She wasn't just teacher. She was really a good friend. I feel great that she's getting placed on something. 'Cause you know, she actually done something for the community and she was a beloved woman. So that's a special thing, too. - The Cherokee are matriarchal in their makeup. They revere their women. They listen to their women. They include their women in their government. And we thought that that was a very worthy message. And it was a wonderful opportunity to include them, once again, in this community. - Just recently the Graham County GREAT decided to do a revitalization in town. We are proud that this artwork has gone up. It is of our native people. It's a good start. And we are proud that Graham County is happy that it's going up. It just adds to the, encourage the kids to be proud of who they are. - [Michelle] Here in the area where we live, the people in the Snowbird community are very separated from the remainder of the county. So you didn't even realize that there was any presence of the Cherokee people here. - I guess it's past time, past time that we're a factor in Graham County. Lot of times it's like a discrimination. When I was growing up, things were different back then. We've had to make it our own way. We've always been here in Cheoah, that's what they call Robinsville. Cheoah, place of the otter. We are still back here and some of us are still carrying on the old traditions. These strong women are Snowbird. That's why we got strong heritage. - No, no. [women speaking in She said, she's really just awed by this, amazed by the painting. She's never had no, really no recognition. [Ella speaking in She said the children coming up now will have something to look at, and that they will see her, even, you know, maybe after she's gone. I know she's honored. - [Woman] It's amazing. - It gives you a sense of pride to realize that these women are finally being recognized for work that so long has been unrecognized. The women show the beauty of the Cherokee people. I think we're a beautiful people. to show who we are, what we are, and what we have become. - [Louise] When it came to picking the women out, it was community-based. We got together and we picked those that really stood out, our beloved women, women we respect, women that we acknowledge as being good people. - When you look at the mural, you see all the work that those ladies put in. A lot of the history of Snowbird comes back to you and you remember what they did and what they meant and how hard they worked. These women, they struggled. You know, a lot of times they made a basket and sold it for food. So, you know, it's different when you have to do it, and when you don't have to do it. My sister was a Cherokee language teacher, and I think that's one reason they put hers in there. She figured out that one day we were going to lose it. So she started teaching on her own, and started using her own money, long before she got any grant monies or anything. And she would work hard to get enough money to buy materials and stuff. And I think she would be so happy if she could look back and see what's happened now and that we are carrying on. And somebody has to do it. - And I'm, I guess, a product from at least one of the women up there, which was Shirley Oswalt. My job title is a Cherokee adult language learner. And my whole job is to learn Cherokee. I started whenever I was with Shirley Oswalt's program, 2006, I believe. And I just continued learning it from there, just 'cause I feel like it's almost a part of who I am. It's just really amazing. This is the first mural in Robbinsville, but it happened to be about influential women of the Snowbird community. I think it's just a good reminder as to who we are as a people. And it kind of bridges the gap from the generation now to the generation of the past and even the generations of the future. [kids singing in [people speaking in - Only one of these ladies, Ella Bird, is still with us, and everybody else has gone on to another part of the cycle that we're in. But our culture is still here alive and well because of their gifts to the community. I think we are doing them a great honor, and a well deserved one. - I think they'd be overwhelmed. Growing up, we had so many different obstacles that we had to face, and seeing this mural up here, it indicates that we're finally getting recognized. That's a good feeling. - The thing that is one of the best parts of it, to me, is that there are many of the women that are depicted on the mural whose descendants have been able to come in and create that image on the mural. - So I was gonna go with this picture, but they said that one was a younger version and her face was rounder. - I like that one. - Yeah, me too. Think that's around Snowbird. - She was a midwife and she was a herb doctor. She knew herbs, but Maggie was quite famous. It said that she delivered over 3000 babies in her lifetime. TJ Holland is the one that brought me in. TJ loved history, he loved the Cherokee history. He painted Edna Chekelelee, she's up top. He just had a vision for it to have the women honored that had brought so much to this community. And he just wanted them to be known. And so with his passing, we lost a lot, a lot. - My very good friend TJ Holland tried to make sure that Snowbird had a voice to not only create the mural, but to create the concept, and to create the content, and to focus this on the women of the Snowbird and what they value. That's what the Snowbird community wanted to see. And it's brilliant. - TJ gave 100% to his community, to his work, to his art, to his family. He was so diligent in making sure every detail was true to what should be represented for the people of Snowbird. And to see that come together, you know, he had already given the portrait to Michelle, but never got to see the mural on the wall. So to see that come together was just very moving for me, and I think for a lot of people in the community. It feels like he is still here in so many ways in all that he left behind. - So now we're going to pay a little tribute to TJ Holland. What an honor it is to be here today, to speak with you all on all that was TJ Holland. He was such an asset to the community, like the many women we have here on this wall today. Many people have lost their understandings of the role of the matriarch in Cherokee communities, but TJ truly exemplified what it is to be a Cherokee man, by holding our women to the highest regard and honoring their foundational role in the Snowbird community. Since this was one of TJ's last projects, let's hear a little bit from him on the basis of why some of these women were selected. - [TJ] In the day, in the traditional sense, each town had their beloved people that really went above and beyond to ensure that those things that make us Anigiduwagi, that make us Cherokee, still continue, and provide that sense of identity for future generations. And we're hoping that this mural can just be an outward showing of how the community reveres these individuals and to honor their contributions to our community. Thank you for taking the time to listen to this, and look forward to someday meeting you all, as our paths have come beside one another. Take care. [speaks in foreign language] [soft guitar music] [people singing in - This beautiful artwork helps us realize the beauty that there is that even though we're different we don't have to be divided, that we can be joined together. And it has helped to bring healing, it has helped to give us a reason to gather together and to come together and to appreciate the beauty, not only of the artwork, but of the lives that are depicted there. - I think it's like putting something on a map. It just makes you wanna stop. I've had several people stop by from other towns and they'd say, "Oh, it's very beautiful." I said, "Yeah, these are all Cherokee women." And so she said, "So Cherokees lived here?" And I said, "Yes, yes, this very spot here." [crowd applauds] [reverent music] - [Announcer] Visibly Speaking is a production of PBS North Carolina, in association with the Z. Smith Reynolds foundation.

  Top Comments:
  1. @rhiannadodd7012 [1 likes]: How pretty thank you for sharing I'll be sharing to

- Learn Real American English: The American Snowbird! | Comprehensible Input B1 Intermediate: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody. My name is teacher Brian with English sponge. At English sponge, we believe that listening is learning. So if you clicked on this video to listen to some English and to learn how to speak English, then you clicked on the right video. Be sure to go to our web page, englishsponge.com, for hours and hours of English language content that you can listen to and learn from. In this video, you're going to listen to me, teacher Brian, talk about a specific type of American human. That American human is called the snowbird. >> [music] >> The American snowbird is a person who lives in the northern states. I'm talking about the upper mid-Atlantic like the states of Delaware, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, or New York where I live. The American snowbird can also live in New England like the states of Massachusetts or New Hampshire, Maine, or Vermont. And the American snowbird has also been known to live in the upper Midwest like in Minnesota or Illinois or Wisconsin. Now the thing that the American snowbird of all these regions shares in common is that their habitat in the winter months turns frigid. It gets very cold particularly of course the more north that you travel. So as you all know the cold weather can become quite uncomfortable and for the American snowbird this frigid weather becomes intolerable. So the American snowbird like their brothers of the sky migrate south in the winter. Specifically, the American snowbird goes to a state called Florida. Florida is the southernmost state on the eastern seabboard. And in Florida, it is almost always warm, which is exactly the type of climate that the American snowbird desires. So, right now I'm going to the grocery store so I can buy some snacks from my train trip down south to Florida because I am an American snowbird. As you can see, I have successfully managed my southernly migration south. I left glorious New York City and I have arrived in the sunshine of Florida. Truly wonderful down here. Just look around. Clear, bright, blue skies, a blazing sun, plenty of warmth. I'm going to turn the camera around now to let you see what a typical neighborhood looks like in Florida. You can see the green grass. You can see the palm trees. You can even see the deciduous trees still have their leaves on them because it's not cold enough for them to fall off. Now, where I just came from New York City, rather after I left New York City, one day after I left, the skies dumped over 5 in of snow upon the ground. five inches. In addition to that, that blizzard was followed up by days of near freezing cold rain. So, for the snowbird, that can be intolerable. It's not too comfortable. However, where I'm walking today in Florida, it's bright, it's sunny, and it's 75°. It's quite wonderful. Now, in order to adapt to this new climate, you can see that I've shed my winter clothes. When I was in New York, I was wearing a thick hooded Northace winter jacket that's gone and it's replaced by a short sleeved shirt. Short sleeves. I also don't have my long johns on anymore because there's no need to keep warm because the air is warm. I've also got rid of my hoodie. There's no need for that because again, it's warm. It's no longer cold. This is what the American snowbird is looking for when he heads south. So, what we'll do here is we'll turn around and we'll start talking a little bit about the things that the American snowbird likes to do when he arrives in the southern clims. What does the American snowbird like to do for recreation? Well, first of all, walking. Look at this. Beautiful. There's no ice to contend with. And let me tell you, the winters in New York can be quite treacherous because what occurs after a good thorough rain or a snow is that there's the development of black ice. Black ice is deceptive and dangerous. The ice assumes the same color as the pavement of the streets. And so you'll be walking, doing just fine, going to the grocery store or wherever, and you'll slip and you'll fall. This has happened to me on multiple occasions. In fact, probably about once a year, I'll end up falling, slipping on the black ice. And now, the problem with this is that as I age, it's getting a bit more difficult to recover from. The older viewers will certainly sympathize with that. But here in Florida, there's no black ice because it doesn't get that cold. Or I should say it rarely gets that cold. It's typically pretty warm even in central Florida where I am right now. I'm not even in South Florida and it's still very, very nice in terms of the weather. So, what else do this American snowbirds enjoy doing for recreation when they head south? Well, like I said, they enjoy walking. They also enjoy playing different types of sports. I'm going to get some footage later of swimming. The American snowbird loves to swim. The American snowbird also enjoys playing pickle ball. I'll get some footage of that. And generally any outdoor sports that they would normally do in the summer up north, they can enjoy in the winter down south, which is the entire point, isn't it? Now, one sport that they enjoy playing is golf. The American snowbird loves playing golf. Golf, if you don't know, is a sport where the players will, for no good reason, interrupt a perfectly good walk by trying to hit a small white ball into a very small hole. And they do this 18 times. Why? I'm not sure. I don't like golf, but a lot of people do. So, I'm going to cross this street and we are going to watch some people play golf. Here we are. We are on a golf course. And you could see these people. Let me zoom in playing golf here. They are on the green. Now, these people are wearing long sleeve shirts even though it's 75°. So, what that tells me is that these people here are not American snowbirds. These people are probably natives to this region because it's only 75° and yet these people have on long sleeves. I've noticed this. You can tell when you're in the south who is a snowbird and who is a native. The snowbirds when it gets down to 75 70° he'll be dressed in a short sleeve shirt like I am. But the natives who are accustomed to 90° weather, 95 degree weather, these people will be dressed as if they're ready to summit Everest. You know, they get very cold very quickly. So they'll be all bundled up despite the fact that it's only 70 75 degrees. And with this walk now complete, I'd like to show you some footage of some of the recreation that the American snowbird will engage in. So enjoy. One of the most beloved forms of recreation for the American snowbird is swimming. In Florida, they have plenty of swimming pools. Now, the American snowbird will use the swimming pool not only for fitness, to engage his body, grow his muscles and his lung capacity. He will also use the pool for recreation, to have fun, and most importantly, to cool off on these grueling hot winter days. Now, as it happens today, we have with us a young American snowbird who is enjoying his recreational time in the pool. >> And we can see this young man right over here. So, let's go get a better look. This is a young American snowbird. As you can see, he's ready for his swim in the pool. He has his swimming trunks, his bathing suit. He has his goggles to protect his eyes from the chemical chlorine that is used in the swimming pool. And he's prepared his body with sunblock so the vicious South Florida sun doesn't damage his skin. And so now the young American snowbird will jump into the pool to show how he enjoys swimming. >> Fascinating. Fascinating. Another popular recreational sport for the American snowbird is the game of pickle ball. Pickle ball has gained more notoriety in the United States of America over the course of the past 10 years. It is a very fun game. If you haven't played, migrate down south like I did and try it out for yourself. The game of pickle ball. Hello students of English sponge. As you can see, I have returned to my beloved New York City. You'll note my surroundings. You'll also note my winter clothing. As it turns out, I am not a true As we learned in this video, the American snowbird is a human who lives in the northern states and then migrates south for the warm weather of typically Florida. At this stage of my life, I can't spend the entirety of the winter months in Florida. I have to come back to New York for family and professional reasons. So, I am not a true American snowbird. Not yet. Anyway, with that said, I hope that you have found this video interesting and I hope you've learned a little bit about American culture. If you're interested in watching more of these videos, I invite you to visit our web page, English sponge.com, at englishponge.com, which we have a new web page up and running for you right now. You'll be able to find countless videos so you can continue your English language learning journey. On the web page, you'll be able to filter for teacher. So, if you'd like to see more Brian videos, you can do that. If you'd like to see more videos from Sam or Justine or Aaliyah or AJ or John or James, you can do that, too. These are all great teachers. Finally, you'll be able to filter for English language level starting at very simple A1, continuing to A2, going up to B1 and B2. So again, I invite you to visit englishponge.com for all your English language learning needs. All right, take care everyone. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @caique99100 [5 likes]: "Yeaaah" this get me hahaha
  2. @AdanZia [5 likes]: Thanks you sir. Nice video this is helpful video.😊
  3. @ghenadies.576 [5 likes]: Thank you for nice video!
  4. @gamalieljpoz2661 [4 likes]: good video
  5. @JustineLustig [4 likes]: Brian! This is an excellent video. I was smiling the whole time. I love the animation of you flying (nice work James!). So happy you had a little respite from the cold. Very cool that you can take the train!!!
I'm a "temporary" Canadian snowbird but I go to Mexico instead! I can only go for a short amount of time too. Lots of TRUE Western Canadian Snowbirds go to Arizona though. 
My grandma used to go to Victoria, a city on Vancouver Island. She would stay with her daughter that lives there, so that she could continue to walk during the winter. In Saskatchewan it was too dangerous for her to walk outside because of all the ice!
  6. @sangredelic [4 likes]: I didn't think a video about snowbirds would be interesting but it was and entertaining as well.
  7. @afan_history [3 likes]: You are a great teacher! thanks for an interesting lesson 👍🔥
  8. @chathuradeshan1868 [3 likes]: Keep doing❤
  9. @bnbbbdh [2 likes]: Sir do you have app in Google play store as well
  10. @Mariana65278 [1 likes]: Brian, I was wondering how badly the snowbirds were affected by the snowstorm in New York this past week
  11. @yongluo1873 [1 likes]: thank you teacher !
  12. @garycito [1 likes]: Good job
  13. @KkKk-t2c7d [1 likes]: What is the best British podcast to listen to daily in the long term, with natural, non-educational content, given that educational content is usually only suitable for a
temporary period?
  14. @InowvsI_infuture: Thank you for the video, Florida is pretty nice state of America
  15. @smalltalk5475: Please explain the meaning of the terms
  16. @rafaelprzybysz293: Nice video. Congrats.
  17. @more-c2j: Thank you from Russia❤
  18. @filomenacotugno: Thanks for this  podcast, It Is good mode to learnd englisch.
Ciao
From italy
  19. @malekyahya1034: Hey teacher. Thank u so much. Very helpful
  20. @aliyahds: LOL amazing cut to florida

- DID Ep 2 - Ancient Snowbirds: How We Got the Shell Mounds: Kind: captions Language: en Before we get started, I want to take just a moment to tell you what this is. This is Dolphin Island Diaries, where we tell the stories of the Gulf Coast. Stories shaped by water, weather, and the passage of time. One place, one moment, one narrative at a time. If you enjoy place-based history, stories tied to real locations you can visit, be sure to follow us on Facebook, Instagram, and X, where we release short form videos from these same sites throughout the week, every week. Now, let's get into the story. Welcome to Dolphin Island Diaries. This is a podcast dedicated to the history of Dolphin Island, Mobile Bay, and the Gulf Coast that surrounds it. Twice each month, we bring you a story about the people, the places, and the moments that have shaped this island and the waters and coastline beyond it. Some of these stories are wellnown. Others have been buried by time and storms and shifting shorelines, but they're still here. So, wherever you are, whether you're on the island remembering it or discovering it for the first time, find a comfortable place, take a deep breath, relax, and settle in because this is one of those stories. They're still here. So, wherever you first time, find a comfortable place, take a deep breath, relax, and settle in because this is one of those stories. They're called snowbirds. This is a term applied to someone from the north who winters in more temperate climates in the south in order to escape the cold and snow and ice. Much of the modern-day population of Dolphin Island are seasonal transients. Certainly, there are many folks who visit the island during the tourist seasons, such as for spring bird watching and banding season and spring breaks, which encompasses about 8 weeks for the annual fishing rodeo and for several other events throughout the year. But there are also a significant number of folks from northern areas who spend the winter months, the winter season on the island and around the area. And they do this in RVs and multiple campgrounds and RV parks on the island and near in multiple condos on the island. A number of them own homes on the island that they spend several months out of the year in. But these seasonal transients aren't the first such in the history of the island. The oldest man-made, we'll call them structures. The oldest man-made structures on the island speak to an earlier group of transients, a prehistoric transient people who archaeologists believe made a regular pilgrimage to winter on the island, much like the snowbirds do today. These were the Bottle Creek people, those whom we might call the original snowbirds. In this case, I'm applying the term in a tongue and cheek way to be sure to people from the Mississippian era. These indigenous people who left the Bottle Creek area near modern-day Stockton, Alabama, not the north and and no, they didn't have snow typically, but they're still several miles north of what is today modern-day Dolphin Island. And they came down to winter on the island. Now, Bottle Creek is an indigenous mounds site near, as we said earlier, Stockton, Alabama in the Mobile, Tensaw Delta. It's about 20 mi above modern-day Mobile. And this site is, as noted, from the Mississippian era or the Mississippian period. This site is approximately 50 to 55 miles north, as the crow flies from the shell mounds on Dolphin Island. And at the Bottle Creek area, there are 18 or so mounds located there. Archaeologists believe that it was occupied from about 1250 AD onward well into the 18th century and it was an important site for indigenous people such as the Mobileians from whom Mobile, Alabama takes its name. It's believed to have served as the principal political and religious center for the region, which extended all the way down to the Gulf in to modern-day Pensacola into that area and across into at least modern-day southern Mississippi. Of all the mound sites in Alabama, Bottle Creek is considered to be second in importance only to Moundville near Tuscaloosa. These are the people who archaeologists believe began building, and that's in my air quotes, the Shell mounds. And I use air quotes there because even though building is what they did, it was actually more piling up their trash than building houses or other types of what we would normally consider structures or buildings. The mounds that they built are called midens, which means they're trash heaps. These are where the people piled the refues from harvesting oysters and fish. And for the record, archaeologists love trash piles of ancient peoples because that's where you get to see how the people of that time were living. You see in what they throw away, what tools they used, what they were eating, how they were adapting. And conversely, what's not there tells you what they weren't using or eating or so forth. Archaeologists have theorized that the Bottle Creek people were going to the north shore of Dolphin Island because it may have provided a kind of security. There was plenty of food and it and it seems that there were lots of oysters and fish available in what is today known as Little Dolphin Island Sound or also known as Dolphin Island Bay. At that time, scientists believe that the water level would have been at least a foot lower, which would have made the bay shallower and would have made it easier to harvest the oysters. So, this was a place where they generally would have had plenty to eat. This was a place to smoke those fish and oysters to preserve them for future use. This was a place to spend the winter in relatively temperate climates. If there were issues with famine, with drought, with floods, some other reason for times of food shortage in their home area around Bottle Creek, then Dolphin Island seems that it would have been a place to fall back on to ensure that their food stocks were maintained. And because these people used this location year after year after year after year, century after century after century, these mittens grew substantially over time. I'd like to pause just for a moment to tell you if you're enjoying these stories, you need to know what you're missing out on if you're not subscribed to our premium Patreon package, Dolphin Documentarian. Right now, we're releasing exclusive fulllength interviews with people closest to these stories along the Gulf Coast. That includes Robert Bean, Ranger at Fort Gaines, walking through the history and significance of one of the most important fortifications in Mobile Bay and John Moresco with the Marine Resources Division of Alabama Conservation and Natural Resources discussing the Indian shell mounds on Dolphin Island and what they reveal about the people who lived here long before any fort was ever built. These aren't short clips. their full conversations and go much deeper than what we can include in the main episodes. Plus, we share other materials such as videos and photographs from these sites, most of which are only being shared here. So, if you want the deeper story behind the stories, that's available for our premium Patreon supporters. You can find that link in the show notes. And now, let's get back into today's story. When the archaeologists have done research in the mittens, they found that they typically have multiple layers, layers of shells, layers of broken pottery called potshards and other refues and layers of charcoal where they had fires. These mittens were originally in something of a serpentine ring, similar to rings found throughout the southeast on the coast, particularly in South Carolina and Georgia. Part of the ring in the midens on Dolphin Island have been destroyed, though. More on that later. This also appears to have been an area where trade with other parts of the Gulf and the southeast went on because there are a number of non-native plants in the area of the Shell Mounds. At least one source indicates that some of the plants in the area are from the Yucatan Peninsula of modern-day Mexico. Also, at least one source indicates that there are plants in the Shell Mounds that are normally found in the Appalachian regions. All this said, I wasn't able definitively to find anything that identified exactly what these non-native plants are. One type of plant that does appear there that is native to the area, there are a number of magnificent old live oaks on the Shell mounds and in the area. These are massive and estimates are that they're close to 200 to 300 years old. I've seen at least one source stating that some of these trees are at least 800 years old and that they were already mature trees when the first Europeans arrived in the area. This is highly unlikely. As a general rule, live oaks tend to live 200 to 300 years on average, and some will occasionally reach 400 to 500 years old, but 800 years old for a live oak is pretty much unheard of. One story about the live oaks that's told is that there evidently was one of those trees in this area that was the site for marriages for some of the indigenous people. These were called giveaways or handfasting. Often these would occur around a sacred fire and these rituals honor the sacred witness of the tree in the ceremony. It's possible, of course, but unlikely that this tree is still in existence in the Shellmound area if this practice was observed in the area more than a couple hundred years ago. Nevertheless, that there are old live oaks there in that area means that if none of them are that actual live oak tree used in these ceremonies, then the trees that are there are likely the descendants of that old oak. And then at some point, and I don't know that anyone is sure exactly when this started, the Mississippian people who were creating these mittens began to use at least some of them as burial sites. These particular midens have not been extensively examined for burials. However, archaeologists did discover at least a small number of remains, human remains in a portion of the mounds and some limited excavations that were done there. And based on at least one situation that happened during the island's history, it's likely that some of the mounds were fairly extensively used for this practice. Again, more on that shortly. At some point, the peoples of the Mississippian period disappeared. Whether they died out or moved away or were assimilated later into some other historic period tribes, that's unclear. Nevertheless, the tribes of the historic periods, that is, those who were on the island when the first European settlers arrived, began using the island in much the same way as those earlier peoples had done, as a place to gather food. It also was most definitely a calat site as well. Now, the word calat comes from the French word caling read or pipe. It's a term used to describe a site where the peace pipe would be shared. It's come to be a broader term used to apply generically to any place where intertribal peace was observed regardless of whether a pipe was actually involved or not. for the tribes of the historic period such as the Chakaw and the Muscogeogis who are commonly known in the area as the Creeks. This seems to have been a a a site for different peoples to meet on peaceful terms. And in the case of the Shell Mounds, Calumet was not a generic term. It's actually a documented site where indigenous tribes and French explorers smoked to seal alliances, most notably in 1717. These midens may have been among the highest points on the island when they were at their peak usage. And and this speaks to just how much they've been used over the centuries because some of the midens even now are several feet tall, 10 to 12 feet, perhaps even more in some cases. So this also means that during flooding or storm surge, the midens might actually have been among the safest places to be. That said, it likely was storms eroding some of the midens where burials had occurred that resulted in the island's first name given to it by Europeans, Isle Massacre or Massacre Island. At the end of January 1699, French explorer Pierre Lemony Sier Draville came into the area and as he and his men passed by what is now Babatri and Cedar Point, they encountered what we now call Dolphin Island. As they arrived, they discovered a large pile of bones, possibly from as many as 60 men and women. Presuming these remains to be the result of a slaughter, Iberville called the island is massacre. As noted already, just a few years later, the mounds were then a place for the French explorers to meet with indigenous tribes in the area in 1717 to negotiate with them. And it was definitely at this point, if not before, that the site became a Calumet site through that meeting and through the agreements that were sealed through the smoking of the pipe. How much the mounds continued to be used throughout the colonial period though isn't well documented that I was able to find. [music] Let's take a short break and let me share with you that throughout the month of April, we're covering a range of stories from across Dolphin Island in the Gulf Coast. That includes the complicated story of Fort Gaines where we look at how one of the most significant structures on the island came to be and the role it played in the defense of Mobile Bay and also ancient snowbirds where we explore how the first human structures on Dolphin Island were created and what they reveal about the people who built them and what they still mean to the island today. Each of these stories is tied to real places, real people, and real events. And each one has its own unique place in the history of this stretch of the Gulf Coast. So, if this is your kind of history, there's a lot more ahead. Now, let's continue our story. It's not until the early years of the US possession of the island that the usage of the mounds is again noted. This time though not in the way that the indigenous people had used them. In 1821, as noted in the previous episode, construction began on Fort Gaines, and that continued in fits and starts throughout the next three decades. At least one account that I've come across indicates that the area of the mound ring that's now missing is the result of mining the mounds for material for making mortar for the construction of the fort. Just as with the materials extracted from Greek and Roman ruins by later Europeans, structures that were created by indigenous peoples, whether as mere trash heaps or as intentional structures, have been seen as viable sources of building materials throughout the history of the development of the United States. And it would appear that the shell mounds on Dolphin Island are no different. The term for this practice is spolia and it's been practiced by peoples probably since long before records were ever kept. So if that's how part of the mounds were destroyed or even if it were for some other project. It's I'll I'll say this very clearly. This is sad. This is tragic in many ways. But it's by no means an isolated incident. Throughout the rest of the 1800s and early 1900s, the small number of residents of the island ran livestock such as goats and cattle. These animals kept much of the vegetation that now extensively covers the mounds grazed down such that the mounds were much more clearly visible than they are now. Even in the 1960s and 70s, the mounds were clearly visible for residents of the island. At some point, the state of Alabama assumed ownership of the site and it was added to the National Register of Historic Places in 1973. Today, most of the Shell Mounds are part of the Indian Shell Mound Park, which is administered by the Alabama Department of Conservation and Natural Resources. a small portion of them are on the property of the US Food and Drug Administration facility that is adjacent to the park. And so that brings us up to the present and and I'll say this this I find this interesting and that is in spite of the large numbers of bird watchers and nature lovers who visit the area and there are quite a few of those every year but in spite of them the Indian Shellmound Park is perhaps one of the island's bestkept secrets. I've talked to quite a few people who have been to the island several times and have never visited it even once. A and the same is even true for many of the locals. I had a brief conversation with Dolphin Island Mayor Jeff Collier who grew up on the island and he said that when he was growing up his parents instructed him not to go there presumably due to there being burials and at least part of them. But in the years since livestock was on the island and grazing and keeping everything, we'll say, mowed down, the shell mounds have become an unruly and beautiful mass of vegetation that's a haven for birds of all types. And it's also a haven for the bird watchers who delight in observing them, photographing them, and documenting them. And this is partly because Dolphin Island is uniquely located for what are called fallout events. These events happen mostly in the springtime of the year when northward flying migratory birds encounter bad weather such as storms or stiff headwinds. These types of events lead the migrating birds to fall out to the nearest available landmass for rest and refeeding. For birds migrating across the Gulf of Mexico, or if you prefer, the Gulf of America, the first such land mass for many of these birds is Dolphin Island. And so these exhausted birds stop on Dolphin Island to rest, to recuperate, to eat, and to build their strength back up so that they can continue their journey. And so as such, Dolphin Island, the entire island, is a bird sanctuary in one sense of the word, but there are several designated natural areas that are preserved around the island to serve as sanctuaries for these migratory birds. And the Indian Shell Mounds Park is one such location. Not only does the park have, as we've already described, lots of trees and vegetation for these birds to take sanctuary in, it also has hiking trails crisscrossing the mounds. There are these large live oak trees there, as well as other types of trees. There are also numerous memorial park benches that are scattered throughout the park that are available for people who are bird watching and like to sit and and just meditate and enjoy the natural surroundings there. But during these fallout events, the Indian Shell Mounds Park is a haven for many such migratory birds there. It's also a very peaceful place. Even when there are several folks at the site, people tend to speak in hushed tones and to honor the presence of nature. And of course, as we've already mentioned, there are sure to be at least a few bird watchers there nearly anytime you visit. Interestingly, there also is now a pair of bald eagles in the area. There's a communication tower that's on the shore between the conservation and natural resources facility and the FDA facility. The bald eagles like to perch a top that tower. They've also engaged in nesting on that tower in times past as well. And unfortunately, those nests can't be permitted to remain. Bald eagle nests are built over time and they're built up over time and as a result they can become massive and as a result they can become very very heavy. These are generally constructed of very large limbs and sticks and even small logs and they're built in layers. As each brood grows to maturity, to be frank, the nest fills with excrement and debris, and so new layers are simply built on top of the old, and thus the weight of the nest becomes immense over time. If allowed to remain, this would damage the communication tower in time. So whenever the birds try to create a nest on that tower, this has to be removed. >> [music] >> If you'd like to support what we're doing here, we do have merchandise available through the Summers Media Enterprises website. It's a simple way to support the work and help us continue traveling, researching, and telling these stories. Plus, you get to pick up some cool swag that let you show everybody what your new favorite podcast is. You can find that link in the show notes as well. and we appreciate your support. There's also an alligator who lives in the pond that exists between the Indian shell mounds and the front of the conservation and natural resources office. It's become quite used to people being around. Now, it's important to remember that this alligator is still a wild animal nonetheless. tourists sometimes get pretty close to it, often with small children, so that they can take selfies with it. This is not wise. And ultimately, it's potentially dangerous not only to the people doing it, it's also dangerous to the alligator because if people did something that resulted in it attacking people, it likely would have to be killed. It would at least have to be relocated. So if you come to see the alligator, please be smart and keep a safe distance from it. In the 1950s and60s, the intra coastal waterway was created and as part of the creation of this commercial shipping system, canals were dug where there was no previous waterway and channels were dredged to make deeper waterways where waterways already existed. These changes certainly facilitated and enhanced commercial maritime traffic, but they also had the unintended consequences of changing estuarine ecology of Mobile Bay, Bons Secur Bay, the Mississippi Sound, Dolphin Island Bay, and elsewhere. So the conditions that for centuries had been so perfect for the Bottle Creek people to harvest all the oysters and fish that they needed to sustain them no longer exist as they did then. In some parts of the region, the oysters are returning. Babacry on the other side of the Mississippi sound is seeing a resurgence in oyster production, such as with oyster farms like Murder Point Oysters and others. but they're not naturally occurring in Dolphin Island Bay in the numbers remotely resembling previous centuries. I say all that to say this. Those conditions that led the Bottle Creek people to winter on what's now Dolphin Island and by and through which they created the shell mounds there, those no longer exist. So once again, what was no longer is and is now something else. Such as the case for the Shell Mounds on Dolphin Island and the Indian Shell Mound Park where they're found. So that's going to do it for today's episode. I hope you've enjoyed this journey through time with the oldest structure on Dolphin Island. If you enjoyed this episode, you might also enjoy this week's episode on our sister podcast, The Tennessee History Nerd, The Fort That Wasn't. In that episode, we're looking at an ancient woodland Indian structure found in Old Stone Fort State Archaeological Park at the confluence of the Duck and Little Duck Rivers in Middle Tennessee and what was first believed by European settlers to be a fortification. You can find that episode under the Tennessee History Nerd on all podcast platforms. In a couple of weeks, we'll be back with another episode of Dolphin Island Diaries. This time, we'll be looking at something that's very timely with the SS United States due to go soon back out of Mobile Bay, past Dolan Island on her final journey to become an artificial reef. We'll be looking at artificial reefs in the Gulf. I hope you'll be watching for that episode to drop when we again explore where memories intermingle with the sand, the waves, and the wind. Until then, I'm Big John Summers, and these are Dolphin Island Diaries. May you enjoy fair winds today and a beautiful Dolphin Island sunset. Before we close things out, I want to take just a moment to acknowledge the sources behind this episode. This story draws from a combination of archaeological research, historical writing, and modern interpretation of the Dolphin Island Shell Mounds. I leaned heavily on academic work related to shell mound archaeology in the southeastern United States, including Rebecca Saunders chapter, Archaic Shell Mounds in the American Southeast, from the Oxford Handbook of Topics in Archaeology. That work provides important context for how archaeologists understand shell mounds, not just as refuge piles, but as meaningful cultural landscapes tied to ritual, community, and long-term use. For regional context, I use material from the Encyclopedia of Alabama entry on the Bottle Creek site, which helped establish the importance of that site as a political and cultural center in the Mobile Tensaw Delta. I also referenced interpretive material from the University of Alabama's Office of Archaeological Research along with additional historical summaries and archived articles related to the Dolphin Island shell mounds and their use over time. Some of the interpretive framing in this episode, particularly the idea of seasonal movement to the island and the role of shellfish as a reliable food source, draws from archaeological interpretations attributed to Dr. Gregory Waselov and others working in this region. For more local historical perspective, I consulted A History of Dolphin Island Under Five Flags by Francis Young, which provides insight into how the island has been used and understood across different periods. I also made use of a variety of coastal and environmental resources related to Dolphin Island, including material on the island's role as a migratory bird habitat and its designation as part of Alabama's coastal conservation system. >> [sighs] >> Finally, I'm very appreciative of John Moresca of the Alabama Marine Resources Division of the Conservation and Natural Resources Department who took the time to talk at length with me about the Indian Shell Mound Park, including giving me a guided tour around the area. Boots on the ground provide perspective that can't be obtained any other way. As always, where the historical record is incomplete, I do my best to clearly distinguish between established fact and reasonable interpretation. Before we close, I want to address something directly. This episode has been revised and re-recorded because a small portion of the information I initially used proved to be inaccurate. Specifically, I'd stated both in a video and in an earlier version of this episode that some of the live oaks at the Shell mounds were likely 800 years old. That claim came from one of my sources. After reviewing additional evidence, I determined that that information was at best incorrect. So, I corrected it. The script has been updated. The episode has been re-recorded and I'll reshoot and reissue the corresponding video the next time I'm on Dolphin Island. If you're hearing this after May 2026, that should already have been done. I want you to understand something clearly. When I determine that something I've said is wrong, I'll correct it. That's not optional. There will be times when the information I present is incomplete or even incorrect despite my best efforts. When that happens, I'll fix it. Even if it's inconvenient, even if it's not popular. I'm far less concerned with being popular than being correct. As Henry Clay is often quoted as saying, "I would rather be right than be president." In my case, I'd rather be right than popular. That also means that there will be times when I won't agree with every suggested correction. I do review those, but if I don't issue a correction, it's because I've weighed the evidence and determined that the original statement still stands. It's not possible to agree with everyone, and it's not my goal to. My goal is to find and share the truth as best I can. In this case, the feedback I received led me back to the evidence, and the evidence showed that a correction was warranted. So, I made it here in the episode, in the social media post, and soon in the video as well. And I do appreciate that feedback when it's needed. May we always allow room for thoughtful discussion and differing perspectives, but let's always be anchored to the truth. Dolphin Island Diaries is part of Summer's Media Enterprises. In addition to the podcast, we produce short form historical video content from locations across the Gulf Coast, which you can find on our social media accounts on Facebook, Instagram, and X. I'm also available on a limited basis for speaking engagements, presentations, and educational events. So, if you're interested in having us speak or collaborate with you, you can find more information through the links in the show notes. And thanks again for listening.

- More Than Just A Snowbird: the story of the Canadair CT-114 Tutor: Kind: captions Language: en-CA The snowbirds are the most visible component of the Royal Canadian Air Force. Painted in their iconic red and white pattern, they tour North America putting on stunning aerial displays. The workhorse behind the snowbirds for over 30 years is the humble the Canadair CT-114 Tutor, a high performance jet trainer with a long history with the RCAF. The Tutor was the first in house design for Canadair. Based in Montreal, Canadair had until then made a name for themselves building and upgrading foreign designs. These included the CL-30 Shooting Star trainer, the CL-13 Sabre fighter, and the C-4 North Star transport. In the early 1950s Canada was operating jet aircraft like the Sabre and the Canuck but new aircraft were being developed at an enormous rate. Higher performance aircraft with expanded flight profiles like the upcoming American Starfighter demonstrated the need for an expanded training program for pilots. Canadair initiated a two seat jet trainer program with the intention of replacing the existing propeller driven fleet and to keep pace with advancements. It was hoped that the design would be completed ahead of the anticipated contracts from the RCAF and other allied air forces for a new jet powered lead-in trainer. There were other designs being developed concurrently by countries including the United States and the United Kingdom. Aircraft like the popular Cessna T-37 Tweet and the BAC Jet Provost had their first flights in 1954, around the same time the Tutor was being designed. Despite this late start Canadair was confident that they could compete in the allied market for jet trainers. In February of 1951, designer karl Irbitis, who would later go one to design the innovative CL-84 vertical take off and landing swing-wing aircraft, proposed the first version was simply called the Jet Trainer. It was to be produced in several versions to reflect the operational requirements. In the primary trainer role the Tutor was supposed to have a wide flight envelope in order to replace both the Harvard and CT-133 Silver Star trainers already being used. The initial design series was oriented towards perfecting the spin initiation and recovery performance to align it with the training The CL-41-1 was proposed in January of 1954. It had most of the features present in the final production design but had a low set tail wing. Wind tunnel tests found this configuration to be too sensitive to student inputs when entering and exiting a spin and so the design was revised. The CL-41-2 had a T-tail and went through many iterations between 1954 and 1956 to determine its optimal position along the tail rudder. Using models in a wind tunnel, the wing was raised incrementally from its low set position to the familiar T-tail configuration to determine the best placement. In Jan of 1956, the CL-41-3 was proposed. It had a tandem seat configuration similar to that of the Harvard and CT-133. It was not pursued beyond paper studies due to the fact that the RCAF had indicated that they wanted a side by side trainer. The CL-41-4 was a further modified version of the CL-41-2 model. It included a larger tail rudder, increased cord for the vertical fin and refinements surrounding the placement of the tail wing. This model was tested extensively and showed the desired flight characteristics. By mid-1956 wooden mockups were built and the design was more or less finalised and Canadair began soliciting governments to fund a flying prototype. Funding for the construction of two prototypes was secured in Sept 1956. The government of Canada decided to jointly fund the project alongside Canadair and the project began to pick up momentum. The CL-41A, was designed to be well suited to the lead-in trainer role. It first flew on January 13th 1960. Performance of the new jet was respectable and compared favorably to its contemporaries. The tutor consisted of two main all-metal semi-monocoque structural units connected by four bolts. The forward section included the nose, cockpit and center fuselage, while the rear section included the engine and tail surfaces. The wings were mated to the center fuselage. A pair of speed brakes were located halfway down the tail section. This configuration enabled easy engine replacement and maintenance. 45 panels around the aircraft provided ground crews with easy access for any maintenance needs. The first prototype was equipped with a Pratt & Whitney built JT12A-1 engine. Later this would be replaced by the Orenda-built General Electric J85-CAN-49 two stage turbine producing 1,180kg of thrust. This propelled the 3,357kg aircraft to a top speed of 888 km/h up to a maximum altitude of 13,100m. The Tutor had a wingspan of 11.13m, a length of 9.75m, and stood 2.82m at the tail. The side-by-side cockpit was large and spacious with a wraparound rear hinged canopy. It seated the student on the left and the instructor on the right. This configuration allowed students to directly observe the examples given by the instructor as well as allowing the instructor to directly evaluate the progress of the student. The crew sat on a pair of Weber ROCAT ejection seats which allowed a zero-altitude, zero-speed ejection. The tutor featured a wide wheel base for good directional stability on the ground and a robust undercarriage to resist rough landings. It also incorporated an internal skid framework to help protect the crew in the event of a belly landing. 1137 L worth of fuel tanks were located around the center of gravity in the main fuselage to maintain consistent flight characteristics regardless of fuel load. It had a range of 1097 km on internal tanks but this could be extended through the use of two 455L external wingtip tank. Due to the requirement that it be able to operate from older and less prepared runways, the first two Tutor prototype were fitted with retractable air intake screens to protect the engine from ingesting foreign object debris. These screens would cover the intakes during landings, taxing, and take offs, and then retract behind a boundary layer deflector when in flight to minimize drag. These were later scraped on the production version but were brought back with the exported G model. Weapon mounts were included but were not used initially. These consisted of two under-fuselage mount along with four under-wing pylon mounts on each wing. It was intended that combinations of fuel tanks, guns, bombs, or rockets could be carried and deployed in the training role. Later these too would make a come back with the G model. Throughout the design crew safety, crew communication, ease of maintenance were top priorities. However performance was not forgotten. The airframe was designed to take between -3 and +7Gs, this combined with a good rate of climb made the Tutor a solid aerobatic platform. This fact was not lost on the RCAF who mounted smoke generators to the exhaust and went on to use the Toot for most of its display teams. Canadair, and later the RCAF, would perform extensive structural test on the airframes to ensure that they would be able to handle this aerobatic strain safely. Flight testing of the first prototype continued while a second was produced. The second prototype was built to be a stripped down cheaper version of the A model. Canadair intended to make their trainer as appealing as possible to as many foreign countries as possible. The lower cost B model was meant to make it more accessible to less well financed air forces. Modifications included replacing the engine with an Armstrong Siddeley Viper and combining and minimizing the cockpit instruments. The idea was abandoned and the company renewed its focus on the potentially lucrative contracts of providing radar training to the many upcoming F-104 pilots. By 1959, Canadair had begun the slight modification and construction of around 340 F-104 Starfighters. It was this contract that led designers at Canadair to consider the creation of a new lead-in trainer for the high performance jets. The single seat Starfighter and was expected to have low airframe hours requiring an efficient way to transition pilots onto the new type. The company wanted to fill the need for radar and all-weather navigation training and so began incorporating additional systems into the 41s design. The B model was upgraded to the CL-41R standard through extensive airframe modifications and the inclusion of a R24A North American Search and Ranging Radar, or NASARR, and its associated equipment. The redesigned Toot was lengthened by adding a totally new nose section, and had two side blisters along the tail boom to hold the additional equipment required to support the radar set. These blisters also provided a counter-balance for the heavy radar. The engine was upgraded to a Pratt & Whitney JT12A-2. The engine, along with all the extra radar equipment, brought the gross weight up to 3,765kgs, this was heavier than expected and had an impact on performance. The engine was later upgraded again to an Orenda built J85-J4. The performance of the R model was similar to the A but with a slightly reduced top speed and altitude. This model was cancelled due to lack of interest at home and abroad. The role of F-104 radar training for the RCAF was left to three Dakota transports. These were modified to include the NASARR systems and a Starfighter-style nose cone. The CL-41R airframe was then used for vibration and fatigue testing. It now resides in storage at the Reynolds-Alberta Museum, in Wetaskiwin, Alberta. The RCAF was pleased with the Tutor’s performance and they placed an order for 190 aircraft in April 1962. The first production model CL-41A was rolled out of the factory in Montreal on October 29th 1963. The only initial change from the production version was the exclusion of the FOB screens. By 1964, 4 were being produced per month, later a Toot would roll off the production line every 5 days. Several production techniques were used that would later help build the world fastest hydrofoil, the HMCS Bras d'Or, such as mounting the airframes in a jig that reduced workload by easily rotating to any orientation. A modification was proposed during production to correct some of the aerodynamics of the Tutor and improve its spin recovery characteristics. Narrow spin strakes were mounted on either side of the nose to guide airflow at various angles of attack. Almost all the CL-41s were upgraded to include these strakes, the notable exceptions being early production airframes and those used as part of the RCAF’s Golden Centennaires. The CL-41A Tutor, renamed the CT-114 Tutor by the RCAF, entered service on December 16th 1963. Several of the first airframes were attributed to various units for testing and maintenance training. The first operational Tutors were assigned to Training Command at RCAF Gimli in Manitoba and began training pilots in 1963. The first class of pilots graduated in late 1964 and began transitioning to other types. The training program was expanded as more airframes became available. Instructor training was concentrated in Manitoba at the RCAF Portage la Prairie #1 Flying Instructor School. There instructors would familiarise themselves with the aircraft and refine their teaching skills. Primary flight training for student pilots would be concentrated with the #2 Flight Training Squadron, later renamed the #2 Canadian Forces Flying Training School, at RCAF Moose Jaw, in Saskatchewan. The vast majority of Tutors would be based there. The 2 FTS would train all fast jet pilots in Canada as well as a large number of pilots from other countries as part of Canada’s contribution to NATO and other allies. Pilots came from all over the world including Tanzania, Malaysia, Italy, Denmark, Norway, and the Netherlands. The public got to see the new plane in late 1964 at an air show in Toronto. The Tutor was displayed at various other national and international air shows before an air demonstration team could be assembled. The first display team was the Golden Centennaires, formed in 1966 as part of the centennial celebrations. It consisted of 10 modified Tutors painted in a distinctive gold, dark blue and red scheme. They performed from April 28th to November 18th 1967 and was disbanded in January of 1968. In May of 1968 the Red Knight display team was re-equipped with the Tutor following a crash of one of their T-33s. Two airframes were painted red with a white stripe down the fuselage and were used for demonstrations starting in the summer of 1968. Unfortunately a fatal crash in July of 1969 forced an end to the program. Starting in 1976, instructors from the Flying Instructors School based in CFB Moose Jaw began demonstration flights with 4 or 5 unpainted aircraft. They were known as the “Vikings Formation Display Team” and performed at various airshows throughout north america. The group was moved along with the #2 FIS from CFB Moose Jaw to CFB Portage la Prairie and then disbanded in 1984. The most famous Canadian display team is without question the Snowbirds. They were formed in 1969 when they began doing flypasts at Saskatchewan Roughrider football games. These proved to be very popular and so they began touring airshows in 1970. In 1971 they were named the Snowbirds and then in 1975 they officially became the 431 Air Demonstration Squadron, but the old name stuck in the minds of the public. As did the distinctive paint scheme which was introduced between 1974 and 1976. The team operates 11 planes but only uses 9 of them during performances. Snowbird pilots are selected from other squadrons and train together intensively before taking their show on the road. Mistakes and malfunctions can have fatal consequences when planes are this close or closing at such high speeds. Tragically 8 pilots and crew have been killed flying as part of the 431, 4 of which were in front of the public. There have also been several non-fatal crashes. Even with these tragedies the Snowbirds continue to fly and pilots continue to volunteer to participate in such a fantastic tradition of aerial mastery. Canadair had been actively promoting the Tutor to foreign air forces since the late 50s but with little success. The expected orders for the plane from allied air forces were filled by competitors like the Jet Provost and T-37 Tweet. In 1964 the company began to promote a combat version for use in weapons training and light attack roles. The Tutor had been design from the outset to be capable of carrying external stores on 6 pylons, two under the fuselage and two under each wing. A CL-41A was brought back to the Canadair factory and was remade into the CL-41G prototype by adding a reflector gunsight for the pilot, a 16mm gun camera, and strengthened rough field landing gear. Foreign object intake screens were planned but not included on the prototype. The CL-41G began weapons trials in New Brunswick and RCAF Chatham. Further testing was then carried out in California and Florida where the Toot was shown to be able to deliver a large diversity of weapons with great accuracy. The weapons tested include bombs, 2.75 inch and 5 inch rockets, 7.62 mm gun pods, napalm, cluster bombs, and fire bombs. The plane was shown to representatives from the US, mexico, Ecuador, Columbia, Australia and New Zealand, but they showed little interest as many similar platforms were on offer. However Canadair did find some success in an unlikely place. The Malaysian air force was interested in a combat version for use as a counter-insurgency and interdiction aircraft as well as as a trainer. Canadair modified the 41A according to Malaysian specifications and created the CL-41G Tebuan, which is Malay for Wasp. 20 copies were produced between 1966 and 1967 with deliveries starting in July of 1967. The Tebuan saw combat against counter-state militias in the jungles near the border with Thailand. None were lost in combat but several later crashed on various training missions as the plane aged. The last of the Tebuan’s were retired from Malaysian service in 1986. A civil version was also considered. This would have been used either as civilian pilot training or modified with an expanded cockpit to hold four passengers. It was intended that this model be used for high speed executive transport but the concept was not pursued due to lack of interest and possible competition in this category from the Cessna T-37A Tweet, renamed the Cessna Model 407. Like the civil version, the following versions were never pursued past the pencil and paper stage but showed the great potential of the little Tutor. The CL-41J was a proposed VTOL version that incorporated three small jet engines behind the canopy. A large door covered the engines when the plane was in forward flight. The CL-41K was meant to be low level reconnaissance version. It mounted 3 Vinten cameras in the nose along side a terrain following radar. The CL-41N series was intended to be a US carrier trainer and sported reinforced landing gear and a strengthened rear fuselage to support an arresting hook. The CL-41T would have been a complete redesign for ground attack and troop support missions. It had two engines, terrain following radar, and 8 external hardpoints for weapons and fuel tanks. By the 1980s Canadian Tutor’s were beginning to show their age. In 1980 the glass windshields of the Tutors were replaced with those made from polycarbonate. This was done to increase the Tutor’s resiliency with respect to bird strikes. While this somewhat modernised the Toot, further modifications were required. Communication equipment and other additional systems were needed for its training mission. In addition to this the aircrafts avionics were aging and could no longer be supported. An upgrade program was put in place in 1985 to extend the life of the hard working jet past the turn of the century. VHF communication equipment was installed to bring the Tutor up to compliance with commercial aircraft flying into civilian airports. The Tutor also received a UHF transceiver, dual channel intercoms, solid state power inverters, and a new blade-style antenna behind the cockpit canopy. Even with these upgrades the systems onboard the Tutors was starting to age. After 37 years of service the Tutor was largely retired from service with the RCAF in 2000. The notable exceptions being those still flying with the Snowbirds. The airframes were retired to RCAF Mountain View, in Ontario where they joined a mothballed air force. This abundance of lower hour airframes is one of the reasons the Snowbirds have been able to continue flying for so long. They were replaced by CT-156 Harvard II and the CT-155 Hawk as the RCAF’s primary jet Canadair moved on from the success of their CL-41 and produce other successful in house designs like the swing-wing CL-84 Dynavert, and the CL-89 and CL-289 surveillance drones. It would also continue to modify and produce many aircraft for the Canadian armed forces such as the supersonic CF-5, which would provide both light attack and advanced training roles. The humble Tutor, or Toot as it was affectionately called, trained every fast aircraft pilot in the RCAF from the mid-1960 through past the turn of the century. But it wasn’t just Canadians who benefited from its outstanding training qualities, the Tutor trained hundreds of pilots from other NATO and friendly countries. During its service the Tutor was involved with 67 accidents resulting in the destruction of 65 airframes and the deaths of 22 pilots and students. Today only the snowbirds continue to fly the jet and as the airframes age and fewer remain available, they too will eventually retire one of Canada’s most iconic jets.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lookythat2 [1 likes]: I saw the Snowbirds back in the mid 90s.  I've seen the Thunderbirds and the Blue Angels, as well as many other displays by various pilots and teams.  The Snowbirds flying the Tutor were the best demonstration team I ever saw.  Kudos to the Snowbirds and the Tutor!
  2. @JimGoodwin-y2s: Perhaps they should look at the Korean T50 or TA50 as a replacement.
  3. @jamesgibson3582: Love the design. It is iconic for me, screams 'Canadian'
  4. @udowish: The seat was never 00 it’s 0 60. G rating was not as described either
  5. @gerryboudreaultboudreault2608: The Tutor was a beautiful little jet trainer. I worked on the Snowbirds in the 1970s, but never got to fly in one...
  6. @kpal2946: The CL-41R is possibly the ugliest little jet I've ever seen.  It looks like the CT-114 design that went home with a designer and his kid got a hold of the drawings and brought them back and no one checked and that's what you get. Thanks for all the hard work and telling the story of Canada's aviation history. I've watched all the videos at least 3 times.
  7. @walkerm1454: “ you lied to the snowbirds”
  8. @davidmattice3752: Hi from south of ottawa,  love what your doing, i have one question,  who was the pilot who parked the one plane in Trenton Ontario,  that was a good pilot!(LOL!), I keep watching and listening to the dates of what we have done and built in the past, but things don't seem to have really done much since the 80's except shut things down, nothing newer than the 1970s?? Shame! Just an older concerned Canadian!
  9. @Red-fish-sushi: It look like D-jet 😂 however D-jet falls
  10. @ellisandrews440: I flew the Tudor out of CFB MooseJaw in 1967-1968. A treat to fly and wish I could relive those days
  11. @davec9399: Absolutely dreadful music and does nothing whatsoever for the visuals.  Thumbs down, won't sit through it.
  12. @assessor1276: As a Can. aviation buff, I really love your videos - but I wish you’d use correct terminology (“tail rudder” = rudder and “tail wing” = horizontal stabilizer).
  13. @CZ49: Tweetie Bird
  14. @MRDeZzz: TEBUAN MENTIONED
  15. @bikeracer6045: Canada's treasure, the Tutor. Once the Snowbirds finally transitioin to the CF-18 hornet/super hornet, it will be bitter/sweet. The Tutor is so Canadian ICONIC.
  16. @alainbellemare2168: ruined by music
  17. @alainbellemare2168: Cut the music
  18. @patpeterson2671: Awesome video ...
  19. @CanadianGrenadian: Never had a zero seat
  20. @jimsvideos7201: Buddy of mine liked to tell curious foreigners that the air data probe was for shooing moose off the runway.

- Snowbird - Hidden History Unveiled: Kind: captions Language: en In this video, we're going to go over the history of Snowbird and how it came to be one of the premier skiing destinations in America. Carved into the granite circs of Utah's Little Cottonwood Canyon, Snowbird is more than just a ski resort, it is an experience, a challenge, and a testament to a singular vision realized against formidable odds. Its story is one of audacious dreams and engineering marvels, transforming a rugged landscape once prospected by miners into a world-renowned bastion of steep and deep skiing. All starting with the relentless vision of one man. Long before the first chairlift turned, the story of Little Cottonwood Canyon was written in silver. In 1869, a US Army soldier's discovery of silver ore sparked a mining boom, giving rise to operations like the famed Emma mine. But as the silver rush faded, the canyon grew quiet, waiting for its next chapter. That chapter began in the mind of Ted Johnson, a former ski instructor and manager at the neighboring Alta Lodge. Johnson, a graceful skier and former surfer nicknamed the Silver Fox, spent his free time exploring the vast untamed terrain of Peruvian Gulch and Gad Valley. He saw potential not for just another ski area, but for a yearround European style mountain resort with modern amenities and aerial tramways scaling the imposing peaks. To realize this dream, Johnson began the arduous process of acquiring the land, painstakingly purchasing old mining claims. However, vision without capital is merely a dream. Johnson spent years trying to secure financing, but the sheer scale of his proposal and the unforgiving nature of the canyon made investors wary. The turning point came in 1969 when Johnson met Richard Dick Bass at a party in Vale, Colorado. A wealthy Texas oilman, rancher, and passionate mountaineer, Bass was immediately captivated by Johnson's vision. He became the majority owner, providing the financial engine the project desperately needed. With Johnson staying on as the resort's first president and general manager, the duo formed a dynamic partnership. And in 1970, construction began at a furious pace. The centerpiece of the entire development was the aerial tram. In an era when most ski areas were built around chairlifts, the decision to install a massive 125 passenger tram was a statement of intent. Manufactured by Gavventa of Switzerland, the tram was an engineering feat of the highest order, costing 3.5 million on its own. It was designed to ascend 2,900 vertical feet from the base area at 8,100 ft to the windswept 11,000 ft summit of Hidden Peak in a single breathtaking ride. The construction was a battle against the elements with Swiss crews working in harsh conditions, reportedly nicknaming the site Snow Hell. They allegedly smuggled 200 gallons of schnops into Utah, labeled as cable grease, to keep their spirits high while helicopters carefully airlifted the massive steel towers into place on the steep rocky slopes. Parallel to the tram's construction was the development of the base village with an architectural style as bold as the peaks, brutalism. The local architectural firm Brixen and Christopher understood that any structure in Little Cottonwood Canyon had to withstand immense snow loads and the constant threat of avalanches. The thick boardformed concrete walls of the tram building were designed for resilience, creating a unique aesthetic that appeared to erupt from the granite bedrock itself. On December 23rd, 1971, Snowbird officially opened to the public. On that day, skiers had access to the brand new aerial tram, the Wilbur chairlift in Provian Gulch, and the Gad 1 and Gad 2 chairlifts in the adjacent Gad Valley. The resort's reputation was forged almost instantly, cementing its status as an expert's paradise. Throughout the 1970s, Snowbird focused on refining its operations. The original Cliff Lodge opened in 1973, followed by the Iron Blossom Lodge in 1974. The resort continued to grow, adding the Peruvian Double Chairlift in 1976. This decade was about establishing a foothold and learning to manage the canyon's complexities, including its legendary snowfall, averaging over 500 in of light, dry powder annually. The canyon is one of North America's most active avalanche zones. The daily boom of the howitzer used for avalanche control by the ski patrol became the canyon's morning relevant. The 1980s brought transformative growth that realized the founders's vision for a worldclass yearround destination. Completed in 1986, a massive expansion of the Cliff Lodge added 352 new rooms, a full service spa, and extensive conference facilities, making it the largest destination ski hotel in the world at the time. This was crucial for attracting a broader clientele and establishing a summer business. This period also coincided with Dick Bass's personal pursuit of the Seven Summits. On April 30th, 1985, he became the first person to climb the highest peak on each continent. An adventurous spirit that perfectly mirrored the bold ethos of the resort he had built. As Snowbird entered the 1990s, the focus shifted to modernizing the skier experience. The old Gad one double chair was converted into the high-speed Gad Zoom quad in 1997. And in 1995, the Baby Thunder lift created a muchneeded learning area. The decade's most innovative project, however, was a tunnel. To access the expansive bowls of mineral basin on the back side of Hidden Peak, the resort board a 600 ft long tunnel straight through the granite ridge line. Inside, they installed a conveyor belt, creating North America's only ski tunnel. In May 2014, Dick Bass sold his majority interest to the family, founders of Powder Corporation. Bass remained as chairman of the board, but the transaction marked the end of an era. The passing of Dick Bass in July 2015 at the age of 85 was a poignant farewell to the larger than-l life figure whose spirit was woven into the fabric of the mountain. Perhaps the most ambitious project of this era was the realization of a dream dating back to the founders. In the summer of 2015, the Summit Restaurant opened a top Hidden Peak. This 23,000q foot two-story facility, part of a $35 million capital investment, offered 360 degree views and upscale dining at 11,000 ft. As Snowbird looked to the future, it continued to invest while honoring its past. In 2024, the resort announced the replacement of the original Wilbear double chair, another opening day lift from 1971 named for co-founder Ted Johnson's wife, Wilma. The plan for a new fixed grip quad balanced modern efficiency with a nostalgic nod to the resort's storied past. From Ted Johnson's first surveys of mining claims to the opening of a new frontier through a tunnel in the mountain, Snowbird has masterfully navigated a period of maturation and modernization. It has evolved from a raw experts onlyly mountain into a globally recognized destination. All without sacrificing the core identity that makes it a truly great mountain. That's it for this week's leisure lore. And please do us a favor and subscribe to this channel if you enjoyed it. It means the world to us.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AlstonCrosby [1 likes]: Got a job up there about a month ago, it really is a special place, you can feel it
  2. @benfarmer9606 [1 likes]: I proposed to my wife on the red tram. I got 103 days in. Not wealthy. The Early Worm Gets the Bird.
  3. @M.S.Panda86 [1 likes]: Lol 1869...
  4. @might2you [1 likes]: first comment lets go

- Youth Pastor Stories from Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] it was probably 1998 from from 04 to 2016 my first experience at Snowbird uh was probably 2004 2005 I was there the first year that Snowbird began following year in 2001 and we've been coming ever since my first thought was these are my kind of people there's legitimately I have not found anything that's like Snowbird uh Snowbird has become a part of our ministry the focus is on what the Bible says what scripture says what what God has to say to his people it's lifechanging and it changes the life of the family it changes the life of of the of the city and your community your neighborhood but the thing that keeps us coming is that the core has never changed and so it really did become kind of like an additional team team of people that were partnering with you in kind of caring for and ministering to um the students that you loved and wanted to see grow in the gospel and the way that snowber has modeled relational Ministry relational evangelism but also relational discipleship um honestly is is really the mold that I operate with every day and it just feels it does it just feels like home the swo One Fund is so much more than a capital campaign it's about deepening and lengthening those Partnerships between Snowbird and the local church so that those Partnerships last literally multi-generational we have student pastors coming here now with their teenage kids and those student pastors were here as teenagers we're talking multi-generational Partnerships are being augmented and funded through the One Fund that's how we're developing this ministry and that's why those funds are so critical

- CAF Story | From a Cessna 172 with Dad to a Snowbird CT-114 Tutor: Kind: captions Language: en The first plane I flew was a Cessna 172 and I was so short that I was sitting on my dad’s lap, and basically I was just going up and down. That’s all I did. Both my parents were pilots, just as a hobby. It was a very passion that they had and they totally transmitted that to me from an early age. So, I’m Captain Sarah Dallaire, Snowbird 2 with the Canadian Forces Snowbirds. I’m in the inner right wing position, and I’m from Lévis, Quebec. I think what happened with me when I was younger, I was so wanting to do everything. So I was in figure skating five times a week, I was in Air Cadets, we had that on Wednesday and on the weekends, and plus going to school. And just, you know, dirt biking at 14 years old that I started doing every day. It just got so busy that I think my interests were everywhere and I was trying to get all the skills that I could get. Well, I love everything that requires mental preparation and visualization, I totally love. That’s what I get hooked on. In the Air Force we call it ‘chair flying’. Before, in the dirt bike, I didn’t call it anything, but I just was doing it and my dad was really good at kind of teaching me to close my eyes, visualize all the jumps, all the turns. And I think it’s exactly the same in an airplane. The more you can rehearse on the ground, the more you can fly, obviously, you get kind of ahead of the plane. I’m actually thrilled to go meet the public because what I haven’t told you yet is, when I was twelve I saw Maryse Carmichael, the first female Snowbird pilot and she literally put a little flame into my heart that I hold onto it, I held onto it all my life. So when I was selected to be a Snowbird pilot she was there with me and it was the greatest, one of my greatest moments for sure as a pilot. And so now to get the chance to go meet other young women, or even you know anybody that wants to follow their dream, I think one can make a difference for sure. You know when you say you want to be a pilot and somebody says no, that could have ended there. For me to see Maryse Carmichael that year was very special, in that she’s a woman, and wow, she can do it so I want to do it. You know it just made more, an even more concrete goal for me. If I would have looked back 10 years or 15 years saying I was going to be a Snowbird pilot, it’s way too big of a goal. You need to break it down and it just will happen if you keep it in mind. That was quite loud eh? Off camera: Yes, sorry. Kind of creeped in there. Capt Sarah Dallaire: There you go!

  Top Comments:
  1. @onewithmanyfingers [3 likes]: Inspirational! Would be cool to operate a aircraft
  2. @farche2 [2 likes]: Thank you for being inclusive with the people you'd like to inspire -- "not just young women, but anybody who wants to follow their dreams".
  3. @vladimirorlov2375 [1 likes]: 🙂🤔👀👍💻👍🛫🛩🇨🇦🇨🇦🇨🇦
  4. @larsrosing5033 [1 likes]: Waw, she's so charming and skillfull! Hope she wasn't involved in the recent accident they had.
  5. @whiteribbonman1 [1 likes]: Well you showcased her and she is a wonderful ambassador for women pilots so after watching this video about 20 times I remembered to subscribe and energize the bell. 😀
  6. @jacksonbrown9689 [1 likes]: 1st
  7. @akothmanshahpgmohdyussuf9199: sadman
  8. @davidbeise7385: Well done Capt. Dallaire, well done. You do Canada proud.
  9. @Ron-ul3jl: Captain D’allaire, are you related to Romeo D’aallaire? Congrats on attaining your dream!
  10. @michaelleadingham527: What a cool video love to see woman who are interested in flying
  11. @whiteribbonman1: Still returning to watch in May 2020. 👍
  12. @wendynuis623: I couldn't imagine a better representative for the RCAF. Congratulations Sarah!
  13. @IsaBaykal: Thank yo so much l am happy
  14. @harry6555: all canada is proud of you captain
  15. @BDWFsfhew: She died for no reason, using old failing equipment that should have been replaced decades ago. Once again the military manages to fail its own members by gross misallocation of funds by the upper leadership. Between General Vance having his D list celebrity buddies sexually harassing our stewardesses on a "morale flight", to Sajjan lying about his work during OP medusa, the upper leadership of the forces is a bad joke.
  16. @jonathanr.holeton3337: any VR STEAM Flight simulator u recommend? Anyone know of one?
  17. @LakshmikanthKishorRabi: Look forward to seeing you again at CYQS this July, Capt. Dallaire! #InspiredForLife
  18. @whiteribbonman1: Liked, by someone in California, Saturday 26 October 2019!  I believe she is a GREAT inspiration to women and girls!  The difficult part is to get the girls / women out TO the various airports to actually meet her and talk to her. It is one thing to meet her and say “hi”, it is another matter entirely for them to make the conversation/decision and seek the path to becoming an aviator. Sadly some parents do not motivate.

- A look back at the history of women flying with the Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en Leslie bior is checking her plane before taking it up for a flight she wants to log as many hours in the air as she can she's hoping one day to be a snowbird pilot but you're as confident she has what it takes you have to be willing to stand up to know that you can do it as well as any man can do it and you have to believe in yourself that you can that you're going to be a female military pilot [Applause] but the odds are against her in its 21-year history the snowbird aerobatic team has had only one female member but she was given a ground drop a spokesperson with the group says female Pilots may not be strong enough to handle the tough aerobatic stunts you saw you playing with your mind not with your with your strength when you're out doing something all the strength in the world isn't going to get you out of spin all the pictures but a physics professor at the University of Regina says strength can play a factor in dealing with the forces of gravity Pilots sometimes face simple movement to a control is like moving a 200 pound object and this I think is where some of the brute strength aspects come in in physical conditioning the Canadian military is now attempting to clarify Hill's comment it says there is no policy that keeps women off the elite flying team the group says its selection of Pilots has nothing to do with gender Frank Hansen is a former Jet Pilot he says women aren't discriminated against nothing to do with being female or male because the males are treated exactly the same way if they're not capable in the estimation of the people doing the judging of flying an F-18 they don't fly it the defense department says there will be a female Snowbird someday but that's not likely to happen soon the military says there are not too many women to choose from in the forces currently there are only 49 women pilots compared to 1900 men Steve pascolato CBC News Regina

- Digital Snowbird Lifestyle: Work 9 to 5 While Traveling the World | 21 Stephanie Zummo: Kind: captions Language: en I want to be home for Christmas 'cause that's when I get to see my whole family. And then the day after Christmas, that's usually when I leave for my winter travels. And usually I travel until the end of May. so this year, that's the plan again. And I'll probably be in Montreal until November. Probably I'll be somewhere just 'cause it's not a nice month to be in Montreal. It's great. It's cold. Why do I need to be there? There's no reasons I don't like clouds and rain. I'm just so happy to be in the sun every morning when I wake up, up. I was thinking about it. how many places have we seen each other now? We met in South Africa a couple years ago. Were you there again the year after? I can't remember. no. Right. But We met in sco, Thailand, Ang Mai and Copen. Yeah. And And now here. So it's, it's, a decent amount. decent amount, Five locations in little little over two years. Yeah, two years. It's funny how, um, like somebody you'll meet in one place and you'll be together for a while. Like we were in Cape Town, we hung out a few different times. Um, and then you never know when you're gonna see them again. It could be the next month. Mm-hmm. Like Cogan to here in Bali. It could be never, it could be three years from now randomly. Um, it's very interesting, I feel like getting into the nomad life, uh, how certain relationships change and just the more you do it, the more of, um, a general sense of community that you build. And then, so like when you travel, especially when you come to a hub like a Bali, a Ang and Chang Ma, the last couple places we've met, um, that you do start to see familiar faces and that's always really good. you, yeah, I think nomad friendship is like some, you have a certain control over it, but also there's another part of like, you don't know, like you said, we hang out, but we were not. besties Or anything. So we really didn't know if there was gonna be another time except Bansko because that's the big nomad fest. And we knew we were both going there. But you have these nomad friends that you kind of plan to see, again, like I have some people that I've been friends with for five years, and you have the same, you have some friends that you know you're gonna see in places and there's just people that you see that you realize you're at the same place at the same time and you're like, well, that's so cool. We'll get to catch up. then there's relationship and friendship that are created like that out of just, we've been in the same place for a couple times and now we do have a lot more in common or we have some stories together. So I mostly go to places that, it's not that I go to places where I know I'll have friends, but it definitely helps out this Like the making the decision, like coming here to Bali was not planned, Uh, because of the war just, or planned to Dubai got canceled and had to do a lot of re bookings. And I was like, I've never been to Bali. I'm so close and this flight is not too expensive. Let me just jump on a plane and I'll be here. I could have gone to, I could have been to other places, but my friend Annmarie was here in Atu and she had mentioned that was her favorite place. So I'm like, if I have to be in Valley for only two weeks, lemme just check out atu. 'cause I have at least a friend. And then I reached out to you and you're like, we're also in ATU And then just like that you see people again and it's great. yeah, yeah. Was at the cowork that day and just randomly ran into Emory. Um, that friend you just mentioned and then all of sudden you came later that day, I was like, oh wow. Had no idea. Um, and actually yesterday I went to B work as well. And at that same table that I randomly saw Ann-Marie, I saw a different friend that I know. Um, so yeah, it's funny. uh, when that works and, uh, always really cool to see a familiar face. Um, and with that, I feel like you definitely told me this last time, but I would love to dig into a little bit of like your no matter origin story. how did you becoming a nomad? Like what, what was that story like because you, you, work in nine to five, um, which is what I started out uh, doing, which I think is sometimes even more dirt path than not because so many nomads, especially here in Bali are freelancers, influencers, you know, solopreneurs, whatever. Um, yeah. How did that start? Like did you see, did you hear of digital nomads? Was it just like, I just want to travel? Like how did that, uh, initiate for you? you? Yeah, I think, um, it's something I really didn't planned out. So I finished my master and I was looking for a job and I was actually coming from a great university. I did my master in London and. I thought I was gonna get a job easily 'cause it had always been easy in the past. And I actually, I sent my CV to a couple place And it didn't, I didn't get any of the jobs I applied for. And my dad was like, well this guy I play hockey with, uh, he has a business. And he mentioned he was looking for someone. So literally I sent him my CV and the guy's like, well you're hired, um, and you don't need to work from the office 'cause the office is far from your house so you can work from anywhere. And I was always a big tra. I always travel a lot. Like that's been since I got 18 years old, I would start doing backpacking trip, but then this guy just gave me the chance to be like, okay, I can work from anywhere. So at first I would just go for a few weeks at a time, you Know, going to see a friend in Germany going to work from uh, Paris to see other friends. And then the pandemic. Pandemic started I had a friend. I was like, yeah, we can still work from Mexico. was like, okay, let's check it out. So I went to, I think it was uh, October, 2020, went to um, Laia. Islam Okay. and uh, I went to the Selena 'cause I had seen, they had a co-work And I was like, oh, what's that hustle with a cowork? That's so nice. And I just started, I was supposed to be in Mexico for three weeks. I ended up being there for eight weeks. I think I Cancel my return flight or because of pandemic, it was so flexible at the time you could always move your flight. And uh, I remember sitting down at the cowork Inre and I started working and I could see the beach, but I was in a AC environment and I had a desk and I was so comfortable and I was like, so you can do that. Like, so that's when I realized. I guess I had maybe heard of digital nomads, but that's when I felt what the nomad life could be or what remote work could be. 'cause it doesn't have to be digital nomad, but just working from a place that has the beach and cheap tacos and new friends, That was just like, for me, the opening, opening of my eyes to like a new possible world. Wow. So you really put the anywhere. And anywhere When he said you really called his bluff, I feel like remember asking him like, do you mind? because at first, like I said, I would go for three weeks at a time or month, and he. I don't care where you work from as long as you pick up the phone. And it's still like that. Like my boss, sometimes I don't hear from here for three days. And then on a Saturday afternoon he calls me and I'm like, this, maybe it's a bit inappropriate to call your employees. Well, not inappropriate, but it just you know, you should call them some other times, but doesn't mind 'cause I pick up the phone and then he, he, trusts me that I do my work and he doesn't need to be, He doesn't, and that's the thing is I do have a nine to five job, so I manage a team and I do need to be kind of avail available during business hours, but also I don't need to be always behind my computer during these hours. And that's, I have the flexibility to, to, make my own schedule, which is great. Mm. I Love that. I know, I didn't know Mexico was your first spot. That was, it was kind of a similar moment for me as well. Um, so when I joined the company, I had like the six month runway of, okay, I'll be in the office six months. I work from home before I go become a nomad. part of that though, I did like a, what I called like a test run to Al Carmen. Um, for one week, uh, with a friend and, you know, just test out like, okay, is this gonna work like on the company side for me? You know, how does this actually do it? And, um, a few days into it, all of a sudden we hear about this giant blizzard. It's like the biggest blizzard Denver's ever gonna see, basically. And, um, our, we got an email from an airline, you're like, your flight's going to get canceled. Do you wanna, you know, when do you wanna fly? I chatting with my friend and we were, um, we were just like, okay, what do we do? Like, I, I guess we have to leave a few days early because we have to get back, you know, because, you know, and then we kind of looked at each other like, wait, we don't have to get back. We have everything here to work. Why don't we just extend a week, miss this whole blizzard while everybody's freezing their butts off. We're gonna be on the beach in Mexico. Um, again, work went great. Zero issues. And, uh, that was the light bulb moment for me. Uh, so it sounds like very similar of just that sharp contradiction of what life could be. And then you get there and it's, oh, it, it is kind of this easy sometimes, you Yeah. So, yeah. yeah. I love that though. Your, your boss was that understanding. I think that's, that's quite rare. You know, a lot of people do have to do more of almost like a negotiation a little bit or really working with the company to kind of Quell years. Um, but you are, I mean, you're a COO so you are a, an upper position obviously. And you mentioned managing a remote team. How has that come to be like with digital, adding and traveling? Was there any point, like at the beginning especially where that was a tough transition or you had to certain things that you had to, to learn along the way for that? Well, I work, first of all, I work for a tiny company. We're like eight full-time people. So there's like the owner and then I'm just the manager on the side Doing basically everything from, you know, sales operations to managing all their support team and our support team. They need to be in Canada 'cause we have, we support technology, but there's a hardware aspect to it. So they do need to be on site. I do sometimes let them go for a week or two, but we do need them If there's an emergency, they need to be there. Um, for the longest time, I've, and that's what I've been doing for the past last five years, is I've been working really the same hours in Montreal. 'cause I've been working mainly from South America, central America, um, and even Europe. I think six hour difference is very manageable. uh, this year is the first time I actually tried to work from Asia and I was, um. I was, quite afraid, bought a one-way ticket and I was like, if it doesn't work out, I'm just going back to Europe or to South America. Like, um, the commitment was only one month in Chiang Mai and the rest was TBD. Um, but uh, so what I do is basically I am working most of the same hours in my team, but certainly at 2:00 AM I usually send them a message and is there anything that still needs to be done today? Do you have any question? And then I just like close up, I just tell them that I'm gonna close the computer and it's been working very well. So far. There hasn't been any situation that has been problematic, but there has been one or two nights that I had to work until 5:00 AM because there were emergencies that needed to be handled. And I think that's just very. it's not a much from my side to be up two nights, a bit later than usual to support my team. Yeah, it is. It's a huge difference though between freelancers and stuff that come here. mean, now my life is quite different. I have clients or certain things I have to chat with in the US for certain times, but when I was in the nine to five in Asia, a lot of similar fears as well around that, and I was also very flexible. Um, let's just paint a picture though, for really what it looks like for people. So what are your hours like you're working here in Bali, for example? Um, so in B I've been trying get work, get to work at like maybe 5:00 PM uh, which is 5:00 AM in Montreal. So it's, especially here in B, it's 12 hour difference. Exactly. So it's easy to track. Um, but I would like work maybe for an hour or two, get some things done that I really don't need any collaboration on, And then I'd go for dinner. Even like last night I told you I went for dinner with friends then, so I did my lunch from 8 to 10, and then at 10:00 PM I was back in the office and I work until like 3:00 AM uh, or 2:30 depending. then yeah, try to go to sleep by three something and, And get up at what, 10, 11 something? Around 11. and, then go to the gym and the, Didn't like that. It's, it's been going well. Which is, I was very concerned because I'm don't have the best sleep. Like I cannot do a nap in the afternoon. So I was like, need to be able to really adjust and it's been quite easy to adjust, which was, I was very surprised. Never thought. we Could be. I say we, but I could be working from Asia these hours. It's just, it's, yeah, it's nice. it's opening a whole new. set of places that we can work from remotely And not just South America, which is great. but, So you would do it again, you would come back to Asia with the nine to five consider for a spot next year you think? I would for sure. I think? next year I plan on just being in South America, so like alternating. But, uh, for sure in two years I can see maybe coming back here to Indonesia, I'm, I'm, spending two weeks in Valley. It's very too little to explore much and I think there's so many islands I wanna do and do some, I do a lot of diving, so do some scuba diving out here would be nice. um, it's a very freeing feeling when you can kind of conquer the next level of time zones because you know, at first you're like, okay, I can do Latin America. And so that's a lot. like, Then I don't have to change times and then it gets to a point of like what about Europe? You know? What about, what about Africa? Like, okay, that's a lot, you know, that lasts a while. Okay, but I really wanna go to Asia. That's a whole nother experience. Um, yeah, when I was, it, it was almost easier for me as an electrical engineer, which than in hr, which maybe sounds off. Um, but I you know, was in a role where I was quite experienced and was able to work with my team of, actually when I did it, I was pretty much completely on my own time for work. So I'd actually work during the day, but I had one meeting a week on Mondays, which was usually at midnight. And I would go till two, 3:00 AM it's a longer meeting, um, a meeting every other week with my boss and then ad hoc, right? Sometimes I'd schedule it, sometimes people would schedule with me. I'd try to ask them, Hey, schedule it earlier, if possible. Um, and so sometimes it would just be that one meeting a week at midnight to 2:00 AM. Other times it would be, you know, three, four days. I'm up till 2, 3, 4 in the morning, Or maybe even up at, Worked till two in the morning up at six to, to get something. Um, and that worked that time. And then as I got more experience, I got more meetings and kind of less flexibility went to the HR side as I became kind of Mr. Flexible work at the company. I was less flexible ironically. Um, and then it did feel like to me Asia was more cutoff. just, I'm so bad once once the sun goes down, my energy is just right, like into the ground. So I applaud you for being able to do it. It is not easy. Um, but I'm really glad that it worked out because yeah, it's just a very freeing feeling to be able to like, see this much more of the world. And, you know, it, it's realities too. Like I'm sure it's not perfect for you. But it sounds like the trade off, the trade off is worth it, which is what it's all about. And, and to try it, I'm really, I'm really glad that you tried it and it worked for, uh, for you and your partner. for you. No, we, we were just, I just found a cheap ticket to Singapore and that's how it all started. It like, we're like, let's try it And so we did. And now we were looking at, okay, maybe can we do it from New Zealand or Australia? and then we're kind of thinking, we're pushing the limits. but I think I actually prefer working from Asia than working, for example, from three out Pacific time. Like if you're in Vancouver or in California, you're three hours behind. And so when you do, if you do, if your team starts at nine and you want to be up, you need to be working at 6:00 AM which for me is much harder. I prefer going to sleep later and waking up later than needing to be awake at 6:00 AM That's, I naturally, sometimes, like in Costa Rica would wake up at seven and that was great to be, as you said, like you're more following the normal, you know, the sun and everything, which is nice. but. to me, waking up too early is just, It's affect my sleep. 'cause then I'm stressed that I need to be sleeping 'cause I need to wake up. in Asia you don't have that. work For me, I don't have that. It doesn't matter. Even if I was to wake up at 12, nothing is gonna happen. You and Paige are very alike. it's, it's, still kind of crazy to me. So when Paige started out, uh, with her digital Imad journey, she went to Hawaii and so she was getting up at three, four in the morning while sharing a room with somebody, getting up on her computer, doing calls that early, Um, I don't know how she survived. Also, Paige loves to sleep in. She's not an early morning person. So knowing her now, I'm just like, I cannot picture you doing this. Um, so she also, I think would very much or very much does prefer, uh, being in Asia right now. Um, I want to get to, can we talk a little bit about how you'd. Do it nowadays. So you have your home base in Montreal. About how much time do you spend there per year in, uh, in abroad generally? Uh, It's a, it's a good question. I think you said before about, in our exchange about the snowbird, a new form of snowbird, and I think it's, it is, that's what it is. So Montreal is. a very cold city. It's a beautiful city. I love it in The summer. So I want to be there in the summer. The vibes are unmatched. There's festivals all summer long, and the reality is if you live in a place that it's really cold in the winter, when summer comes along, like the first time it's, I'm gonna speak in Celsius. But the first day it's 18-20 Celsius. Everybody's outside in their T-shirts. like, it's just, everybody's just so happy. so I love being home in the summer. So usually what it looks like is that I travel the month of November. I usually meet up with some friends somewhere. This year I went to Madera, which was really nice. Um, then I need to be, or I want to be home for Christmas 'cause and then the day after Christmas or early January, that's usually when I leave for my winter travels. And usually I travel until the end of May, sometimes end of June, but usually until the end of May. I left the day after Christmas and I'm going home at the end of May and I'll probably be in Montreal until November. I love it. I was, uh, 'cause I was thinking about the other day, like when we were texting, Most people think about snowboarding, especially in the us it's okay. live somewhere, you know, above the median line in the US so it's cold in the winter and once you get enough money, you get a condo in Florida and that's where you go in the winter. But you, I feel like are like the new age snowboard. It's like the digital snowbird, I don't know, digital, not matter. I would say digital snowboard for you. Um, where it's like, okay, I love to be here when it's warm, those six months, the holidays, and then I'm just gonna travel instead of getting a house or something like that. Why, I guess, have you thought about the original snowboarding instead of just like getting a spot somewhere? Why, I could, you know, travel to, to different places? I think probably one day that's what's gonna happen. Just 'cause it's nice to have a base where you go back to. That's definitely, I just haven't found that home away from home yet. So I travel and I, I, kind of love everywhere I go, I always, it's very rare. I spend a few weeks somewhere and I don't like it. I don't think it ever happened. I think there's always something to love to every places we visit. Um, but I haven't found a place where I'm like, oh, this is this is where I see myself buying an apartment or having a second home base, but I'm looking forward to it. I think it would be nice to maybe spend three, four months in a place. And then maybe travel another one or two months just to still keep exploring the world and then six months in Canada that would be. Honestly. perfect. I think that's the goal. We just haven't, haven't found a place yet. And what about the. other way? Have you ever thought about after a good travel stint, like, why don't I keep traveling? Why don't I just do three months in peak Canadian summer or something like this? Like is there for Canada, is there any tax things that you have to be considering? Does that play into it or? it? I think, um, for tax purposes, I don't think it really matters. They just want your money. So even if you spend three months, it's whatever. I think the main problem is that you Get de-registered from the public health system if you're in the country for less than 183 days. And there's a few different rules in there, but, um, so I think it's something to keep in mind If you wanna travel seven months or a year, it just maybe doesn't make sense just 'cause then you lose your, your, your, your public health benefits. So that's just something to keep in mind. Um, I think what happens every time is I get comfortable where I am. So when I'm traveling I often don't wanna go home. wanna keep traveling but when I go home, I don't wanna leave. So. I think that's why what I'm doing right now works well. Um, also I think a lot of how it all started also was during the pandemic. I was kind of bored. You know, I was, there was so many, there was curfews, there was so many rules and I was like, I don't like that. I want to just do, I see my friends, but my friends don't wanna see me 'cause they have a newborn. And the government says in your bubble, you shouldn't have people that are seeing other people. It was just so complicated. And so that's kind of, I think how it started also was just having a life that's been more free and meeting people that are on the same wavelength. I know that's something that can say. But just, uh, at home, especially my girlfriends we're all having kids and buying houses and I was really, and when I'm home we hang out and it's really nice, but I, I just felt like I needed to meet new people that were just interested in the same things. so with nomads, I think we, I have a lot in common, but. Yeah, I don't think I would do see myself doing it full time. I've considered it, but uh, yeah, I don't think it's for me, I think um, I think it's really cool the way that you're doing it. It's actually. I were chatting, It's like, heck, I'm gonna be trying out this year, I'm following the Steph Digital Snowbird method. This year we're doing, uh, my longest stint in a place, much less the us. we're doing six months in Bath Main, so very close to in Montreal this year. And then we'll be, you know, traveling the other months. Um, and I think it's also, you know, when you start to nomad for a while, you just want to stay longer in places you want to return to places for home bases for familiarity, also for friends and community like we were talking about at the very beginning. And so I'm curious to check out like this lifestyle. I'm really excited about it. I'm actually like, I don't wanna be in Maine right now because it's so cold, but I'm thinking more about Maine and I have for the, probably the past two months of getting there and getting roots and what that will be like Again, for. me Then I have, we are doing like a two week vacation to South Korea in a couple weeks, which sounds, you know, more crazy, right. But it's because I think I've been missing that uh, for a while. That those deeper connections, that familiarity, uh, and everything. So I'm very excited to try the stuff. digital Snowbird method. you've done this now for a few do you feel how do you deal with, 'cause one thing that I'm picturing, and it's, So we were in bath Main for three months last year, and now we're coming back for six months. One thing I already kind of see is it's almost like split lives, right? How do you manage that side? Like are you good with keeping up with people at home while you travel and vice versa, like your couple maybe travel friends like Annmarie, who you, you, know, meet up with. How do you kind of navigate both of those? Almost like a split life in a way. I mean, it is kind of a split life. think at first people were always asking me when I'm coming home, and they still do that. My best friends, they always ask, when are you coming home? It, the snow has melted. You can come home now. I'm like, well, it's still not warm enough for me to be just enjoying Montreal. Like, I want to enjoy it, but I try to keep in touch. But definitely I'm less connected to people from home than I am when I'm around. like I. I, have a few group chats and try to have conversations there, and we do for sure, but it's not like constant, uh, planning of her next activity or anything. So, um, I think that was my biggest fear actually from starting this lifestyle was to lose my friends. And then you realize the people that you really connect with, they will still be there And the people that were just not part of the, your, your life anymore or just people that you have to, and we realize also with this life that you cannot keep friends from every period in your life. There's just people that you have to leave behind. And it doesn't mean you don't love them. It just means that there's really no opportunities to hang out. And we have a lot of people we wanna see, a lot of things we wanna do, but we need to choose. we need to prioritize. 'cause it's just, otherwise there's not enough time to be also a full-time employee and have a, you know, routines and everything. It just doesn't work. try to keep in touch and sometimes I would do like a Sunday where I send messages to everybody I'm talking about. So I would send messages to 10 people this Sunday, and then I'll do that the following month. And maybe it seems a bit like structural or anything, but I think it's a good way for me to just, I, I'm still thinking about these people. It's just that I'm, I'm not there and I'm missing their birthdays and I'm missing a lot of things. I think at the end of the day, they're just very happy that I'm living my best life. And I think this lifestyle is really, for me, the ultimate, the best way for me to live my life. I have this six months where I'm really more into routine. I'm catching up with friends, catching up with family. Like I live in the same building than my brother. really happy to spend a lot of time with my nephews, but when I'm traveling, I'm just connecting more with the people I'm meeting along the travels. And my travel friends, we definitely make meetups here and there. Like, I'm going to Rome next month. and when I, we planned Rome, that was like, I think it was in November. My boyfriend had never been to Italy, and I'm well, Rome, why not? I did go to Rome, once for three days and then put it out there. And then I realized I have a few friends that were gonna be in Europe and I just mentioned I'll be in Rome. And then now I'll have a few people coming to visit or just people that are there at the same time. So it's just great. This, uh, you, spend a lot of time alone and then there's these pockets of moments where you have friends visiting or that are just there at the same time. And it's great. Can Be kind of extreme differences in a way of like, alone is very alone. It is a new sense of loneliness, but then when you're with people, it's wow. Like it's the rollercoaster. I always say like, the highs are higher and, and the lows are lower. Um, so the first few years and when we met you were solo traveling Now you are traveling with a partner. Now he's not here right now. I think he's like in Malta Yeah. Or something. Um, so this is, it's similar for me as well, right. My first three, four years traveling was solo. Then I met Paige, um, followed her around the world a little bit. Had a little time apart. Now, now we're together and we've done that for about a year and a half. And, um, it changes things a lot. How has it changed, like the travel life for you, the nomad life? it definitely has changed a lot, I think. Um, so before I was a sole traveler, but really it's very rare that I would get somewhere and I was alone. I think when I was in South Africa when I met you. That was the first time in years that I had decided for myself, I'm going to cape down alone. I'll meet some people. Like I was very determined to meet people and mean, Cape Town is a good place for that. There's a ton of WhatsApp group and Nomad group, so it was quite easy to meet people, but I think that was the first time in many years I had been traveling only only with friends. Um, especially I had one good friend, Brenda, that I met my first week in Costa Rica. When I arrived in February, 2021. We both started our nomad journey at the same time. And, uh, we've traveled together for like, all together. it's probably two years. we spent, we went to probably 10, 12 countries together. Uh, there's a few friends like that that we just. We plan ahead and we're like, we both wanna be in Brazil next year. Let's be there at the same time. But, uh, when I met my boyfriend, which is it's been a year and a half now, then it completely changes everything. 'cause then you travel, you have your friend with you all the time. So, and even the accommodation choices you make, you don't go to before. I used to love going to places where I would, it would be easier to meet people like hostels or cool livings and um, that's just easier to meet people But when you're with someone, then we have different needs. Like, um, we need a room where two people can work. So we need a desk, we need an extra table. There's just things that we cannot have necessarily in a hostel or, uh, even in a co-living sometime, if there's no we need. proper, have, we have different needs. So often we go into Airbnb and then I don't feel the need as much to connect with people. So I've been spending a lot of time with my boyfriend, which has been very different than before. 'cause I guess I was spending a lot of time with friends and meeting new people. And now it's, been, or it's, I think it's me. I don't make as much effort to meet new people 'cause I always have my person with me. Um, and I think we've, I've discussed that a lot with my boyfriend this year. I think I've been to places where I already knew people, like including yourself. Like I didn't really reach out to make new friends. But I think next year I would like us to go to places where, and I would like myself to make the effort to meet new people. 'cause I think, although I didn't feel really lonely this year because I was always with someone, I felt like sometimes I was missing this community sense, which. I've had a lot more in the past when I was traveling as a solo traveler, which is weird, but it, that's how it felt traveler. With this one I am resonate With you a hundred percent. Um, yeah, when I was solo, like especially solo, solo, now it has potential to be very lonely. But if you're intentional about it, like you said, you would stay at hostels or like for me, I go to coworking spaces, kind of just have that feeling like, okay, I need to. Just chat with people, You just get over that little bit of fear or that self-doubt or whatever excuse you're coming up with Um, and I would, you know, travel with really good friends as well for maybe a third or half the year. And when I was with those friends, I wouldn't sometimes even make the effort to meet other people. But now with Paige, heightened so much. Like, you know, we both did bad. I think we were in Thailand and we saw each other like a couple times and, and similar like this time and it's, There's so many pluses about traveling at the partner. You have your adventure buddy all the time. You go to a Waterfall and you're not, you experience that with somebody, you know, but there are the negatives of, Hey, I'm just gonna like, rest with my laurels in a way and just okay, Hang out with them. Which again, great, but also not healthy to only have one person. Be everything. Um, like, me and Paige have definitely experienced that where like, okay. in traveling, especially when I was not working for a little bit of time, like in Chiang Mai before I launched my business, That one person becomes everything. You know, they're the romantic partner, they're the best friend, they're the therapist, they're the business partner, they're the workout partner, they're the adventure buddy. you know, and it's just not healthy to put all that, I don't think in all one person, at least for me. And, And, Paige. So like right now, she's an Ubud. Um, she wanted to go there, experience all the spiritual life over there. Um, I'm more of a routine person, so we're set up here. I'm like, I'd rather stay here. So we're having some time apart, which while I don't love, it's also, it's a good reset, you know, like it's it's nice and, and healthy, but, um, but yeah, it is, it is, quite a big change going from the solo life to, to traveling to traveling with a partner. Good. Good and bad. I think. definitely good and bad. do one thing that I do not recommend to nomads, You do you know what? it is? uh, I move too often. Yes. I, if I remember correctly, when we were in South Africa, I think you were like, oh, I'm staying here for three weeks and it's so long. Like, I feel like I need to leave, but like, I might extend, but I feel like back then, especially you were doing like a week in a place or something and I was just like, You've been doing this for years. How do you make this happen? Because, so can you please tell people, like, is this good? Should you be traveling? You know, how quickly do you travel and talk talk about that. Um, I think this thing that happens is that we, I wanna see the whole world, right? So I'm like, well, I only have six months a year. I need to get on the agenda to explore the planet. But the reality is, like you say, I don't think it's healthy. I don't think 'cause I love a routine too, but there's no way I can make a routine if I'm only in a place for a couple weeks. But, uh, yeah. When I started my digital noad journey, there was this thing called Selena that she were basically paying them your rent and you could stay in their co what their hostile. And there was coworkings and you can change places up to 10 times per month. And I was like, well, 10 times is a lot, but like maybe I can do one week here and one week here. And then I ended up doing Costa Rica like that two times I went to all of them and then I went a second time. 'cause one week was not enough, you know? And this is just completely waste of time. 'cause we know as a digital nomad also travel days is like you're, it's like you're, you just don't have a weekend anymore 'cause you've just been traveling to a new destination. yeah, I was traveling very fast and when I got to South Africa, um, I was going, going to go to Namibia. That was my destination. And then I really liked Cape Town and I'm like, well, I'm, let me stay here two months and a half, which was the first time I stayed for so long in one place. I had done maybe three weeks in one place in Costa Rica, Two weeks in a place in Mexico. That was it. uh, but I definitely agree with you that it's not recommended, I think In Asia, it's because I thought we were gonna be here only for a month in Chiang Mai. And then we decided to add some time in Fang. That was three weeks. then Ang, sorry, and then Bangkok was two weeks. then, yeah, It's, I, it's really something that I write in my, every year I try to do like a bit of a report of my travels and I always say travels like stay longer in places and every year sometimes I have success and sometimes I just repeat the pattern. But definitely I think one month is the minimum. You should stay somewhere. 'cause also I mentioned I loved everywhere I went so like there's no place that I would have stayed probably a month and that it wouldn't have been great. that's part of my lessons learned. Maybe sometimes I will repeat the same mistake. So everybody listening to what she says, not as she does, I think is the theme. Um, no, I think it probably works for you because you do have, you're doing the digital snowbird life. You have that six months in a place so you can kind of get, and you know you're gonna be having that routine and everything there, so you can afford a little bit more of that explorers mindset and see more. And it feels like, I can imagine, oh, I only am doing six months. I'm only gonna be in Asia for a little bit of time, so I want to see more. Um, and um, it's it's almost like that, I call it baby nomad syndrome When you first start out you're like, oh, I have to see everything. Um, until you realize, like you, you can't, even if you're in a place for three months, like you're still not gonna do everything because you just have your day to day. Like when you're working, especially nine to five, you're working a full day, you're tired, you're not gonna be going to the beach every single day, We were just chatting before this, we've barely gone to the beach and knew atu. Um, and then if yeah, traveling on the weekends, like that's your explorer days, especially as a nine to, fiver. Um, but uh, yeah, I wanted to ask about that, but it is it's tough to, to have that realization because it, or that discipline, because it does have a lot of fun things too. Like it can be quite a a fun thing to explore new places and, and all of that. And because you do have such a good base, I think you can get away with it. Yeah, I, I was reflecting on that too. I think that helps me for sure. Especially usually at the end of my trip, I start doing a lot of places quickly because I'm like, whatever, in one month I'll be in a place for six months, it doesn't matter. But, uh, still I say I need to slow down and I'm very happy. I'm spending a whole month in Rome. it, it's nice to know that you have three weeks, weekends when you can explore and not just one weekend and a half, know? Well, I hope you have a better time in Rome than I did. I was there for three days and the last day I was like crazy sick. So it was, you know, just not the greatest experience. Uh, but I will maybe have to send you some food recommendations, um, because it's a lot of good eats over there. your time in Asia, any big highlight moments for you, uh, in exploring kind of this new part of the world while digital snowbirding? snowboarding? think, um, went, I spent a lot of time in Thailand. Like I, I did go to, uh, Singapore in the Philippines, but that was really vacation time. Really loved Singapore. I think if it was not so expensive to, for accommodation over there, I think it would be a really great nomad spot. 'cause in terms of the food, there's so many option and it's not too expensive, so, um, that's nice. Chiang Mai, it's a place I've already been and it was my first time working from there. And it's always a good place for Like digital nomad, I wanna start, um, come to Asia for the first time. I think there's plenty to do over there. I think it's been, you know, recognized as that nomad digital nomad place for like, I don't know, 10 years before we even were doing this, this, um, this thing. I don't know if I have any, uh, like moments. I think, uh, we did, I think it was more the opposite. Like I really enjoyed in Asia, but we did move way too fast and it didn't really allowed us to do as much as we wanted in every place. But I do think what really does make me happy on a daily basis is going around on my scooter And feeling this free life of like, you're in a jungle and you're on a scooter and you're going for a nice cafe here. it's the fact that you have access to like, I think the nomad scene, especially like here in Bali and then even in Phangan, it's the infrastructures are there a lot more than they are in South America for digital nomad. I think that's that's what I've been surprised. I knew about it, but it's like now that I've been and I've lived through it, I think this is one incredible thing. It's just. it's really easy to work from Asia. Um, there's just so many options and yeah, I think that's, that sums it up. So next year, another time you return to Asia, what's the spot that you're like, okay, I want to return there and do an extended stay? What's like your top spot from your time here? I think I would, uh, probably go back to Chiang Mai for some, some times, and then Thailand, I'm not sure where I would go back to be honest. I. I love Koh Phangan. love Koh Lanta, but I don't have a, song a, a, a feeling that I need to go back. I think, like I mentioned before, I would probably come back here to Indonesia just 'cause I haven't had a chance to explore as much and maybe go back to the Philippines and go to Siargao. big shug out. I haven't been there on vacation and it looks like there's. It, it has good vibes and there's a coworking there, which I know of. So maybe, maybe next time. And you mentioned the bike rides. through the jungle And stuff like It is like a love hate for me with the bikes here in Asia. Like the traffic here in Bali, I don't love and the hecticness, but sometimes it is uh, like this is nice, you know, like going through this wide open pasture or had really nice, uh, roads as well and like you get to see the beach. Um, so you said that is something that you'll miss maybe when you leave Asia. What's the thing you're most looking forward to? Going back to Montreal? for. Yeah, I didn't really think about that. Also in Asia, the food, I think like Thailand for in terms of food is like impossible to beat. It's just, it's very good, but it's not as easy as here in Indonesia or in Bali than to get like healthy food. I think in Thailand is more challenge, like you do need to specifically ask for less oil or less whatever, if you want some healthy meal. Where here it's easier. Um, anyways, back to the question. um, Montreal, I think it's really just to catch up with my friends and family. that's really that's really it. I mean, Montreal is great as the city, but it's great because that's where I've spent all my life and that's where my my, my life is. And something that's interesting is that usually when I was traveling by myself, I would always be with friends with who I would talk. speak in English all the time and so I usually have my six months that I was an English speaker, and then I would go back to Montreal and do my life only in French. Now that I have a boyfriend, that he's an English speaker, but he speaks perfect French. we only speak French together. So I think this is, uh, a duality that I don't have as much anymore. Now my life has been in French the whole year, where before. um, I was going back to a different culture, different, like something that's very unique in North America, which is the French Canadian culture. Has that made life easier, do you feel like? I think it's made it, think traveling with a partner, it, it makes life easier. Like just making, um, decision making and everything, it's a lot easier. for myself, in terms of my comfort in English, it's not as good. So Steph, somebody is in Canada right now, or Maine, right? Somewhere in the north of the us. They're just now their igloo is just now thawing out. and they've survived another winter, but they did not like it. What would your advice be to them of they have a nine to five, maybe they work remote. How, what are some steps maybe they could take to, to try to navigate trying out this life, Um, from somebody that's been doing it, uh, for a long time. Yeah, I think, um, and I'm thinking about someone right now that's, that's been doing that. Like she had this job where she could do remote work three months a year and she was just not doing it. 'cause she when. Sometimes it's just more complicated or you just don't realize you can do something like that. Um, I think if, especially if you're a single, like a, a person that's alone solo traveling, I would definitely look out for co livings. I think that's the easiest way to, if you're afraid of being alone, if you're afraid of not meeting friends, there is like, it's very easy to find online, like best co livings and then think about the Canary Islands or there's places that are quite easy to go travel to. And then if you stay in a co living like that, definitely I think that's a great way to try this this lifestyle and see if you like. to get out a bit of your routine and finding a new one somewhere and exploring a new life. Um. in terms of finding a remote job, I have no experience in that. I've been in the same job for like seven years and there's days I was like, I would like maybe define another job, or even, I mentioned it to you before, like maybe it would be nice for me to be an entrepreneur, but I'm so comfortable where I am and I'm not unhappy in what I'm doing, so when I have a great quality of life. So the, yeah, it's, uh, I I'm hearing it's, not that easy to find remote jobs from people that have been trying to find them, but it's also in a life where you can build business online. There's a lot of opportunities, but it, There's definitely also some people that can help finding remote jobs or finding opportunities. I love the cowork, the coworking or co-living, sorry, shout out. Um, any specific ones that come to mind that maybe you went to and really enjoyed? Yeah, I didn't do a ton of them, to be honest. like I mentioned before, the Selena was really a good option for us that started doing this in 2020, 2021, 2022. After it was pretty much dead or too expensive. Uh, I think, uh, I stayed in one in nomadic from Noad in Medellin, which was nice. Um, in Mexico there's a few good ones. Uh, I think also, um, but yeah, Canary islands, I've, I've haven't stayed in one that was like an official colivings, but definitely I've heard there's plenty of really good ones there. Um, so definitely good options. And even in Cape Town, I think there's Neighbor Good, which have like a ton of accommodation and they have a very active WhatsApp page with a lot of activities. So they're doing a good job in Cape Town for that. Definitely. Yeah, I worked at the neighborhood. Good Coworking. Um, we? Yeah, we? were working together. too. I was like, wait a second. putting it all together. takes a little bit. Um, so again, I'm gonna be in Maine for six months this year. Very close to Montreal. Why do I need to come see you in Montreal? What? Gimme like the top one or two things do you feel like that, is in and around Montreal uh, I would be most interested in? interested. Sure. I think you'll be living like in a small town, right? In the nature. So I think it's when you feel like you wanna go, like visit a bigger city, but you don't wanna just go to Boston that you've been many times. I think Montreal has a very, and you're foodie, so Montreal has amazing restaurants, especially you coming with your US dollars or Canadian dollars. Not, It does not work as much. So, um, so Montreal, in terms of food, it's like it's unbeatable. Um, and then also, like I mentioned, we have festivals going on all summer long, and most of them, it's free shows right there in city center. So you just walk by, you take the metro or you take a shared bike And you just get there. So really good festivals. And then I also invited you to come to my cottage. So uh, have a lake house. Well, my parents have a lake house in, uh, just an hour and a half, uh, away from Montreal. uh, it's a, I love to, in the summer when I'm home, I love to spend time in this city and then go out in the woods for a few days. And Montreal is also the most European city in North America. So it's like when you do go to old Montreal you'll feel like you're traveling to Europe. I think you convinced me. I think I, uh, I think I have to spend, uh, you know, a day or two and and come see you. The lakehouse, I think will be taking you. up on that one. Um, thank you so much for coming on, for sharing the tips, um, for being open about, uh, talking, you know, about some ways like vulnerable, different things, uh, the differences alone and with a partner, uh, and for trailblazing the digital snowbird lifestyle. think that's just gonna be the, the term from now on. Um, where can people go to follow you, support you? Is there one platformer, one place that's best? Yeah, I am. Uh, I, I just have Instagram and it's, uh, Steph, z.um it's a private account for now, but I'm thinking about different projects. think, uh, I do have, um, an approach that's different in the terms that I do have a nine to five. And I think it, it could be interesting to share some of the tips of, uh, so I'm, I'm, I'm thinking about it. Well, we'll share that in the show notes. Last question for you Why the dirt path? So we've laid out the digital snowbird lifestyle in detail, And you talked about you knew somebody that probably would like this. They don't like the Canadian winters, but they, they don't. And the reason is because the dirt path is difficult. It is difficult to have these split lives. I'm sure it is difficult to be constantly doing the logistics of the nomad life. And, and everything that, that comes with it. Managing, traveling solo and then figuring out this whole new thing with a partner working at midnight to 3:00 AM Right. to work with your Canadian team. Uh, why do it, why the dirt path for you? I think it's really the way, like this lifestyle is something I could have never imagined before, but it's, I mean, I wake up. And I go to sleep and I am, I'm happy. you get to see new places, you get to meet new people, you get to I mean, you get to see the blue sky seriously and not be cold all winter. Like I just think it's the best it's the best quality of life. I think that's really what it is. You know, I think especially not having many responsibilities in Montreal, I do have the option to do it. So I think it's just, not for everyone. you said, there are some logistics and if you want to sublet your apartment and all these things you have to manage and, but I think it's worth it. Just, it's very freeing as a lifestyle to not have also all these responsibilities maybe, But it's, yeah, it's, I'm just for sure. step. thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you for listening to another episode of the Dirt Path Podcast. You can find any links to support or follow today's trailblazer in the description below. If you got this far and really liked today's episode, it would mean a lot if you could give us a five stars wherever you found this podcast, subscribe and like on YouTube. And email us. Email us at thedirtpathpodcast@gmail.com to give us feedback, to give us an update of you on your own dirt path, or to send us questions, as we might be doing some Q&A episodes in the future. All right. We'll see you next time here on the Dirt Path. Saw the exit sign flash by. A whisper in the breeze. Said, "Take a chance, don't wonder why. Just follow where it leads." Oh, the dirt path, it ain't easy. No map to guide the way. Slow and hard, sometimes uneasy. You stumble through the clay. No signs to tell you where you're bound. No traffic to obey. But every step on broken ground builds something great someday

- Spending a day with a snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en >>> >>> IN >>> IN A >>> IN A FEW >>> IN A FEW DAYS, >>> IN A FEW DAYS, MILLIONS >>> IN A FEW DAYS, MILLIONS OF PEOPLE PEOPLE TRAVEL PEOPLE TRAVEL FOR PEOPLE TRAVEL FOR TH4@ANKSGIVIN SNOWBIRDS SNOWBIRDS LIKE SNOWBIRDS LIKE TO SNOWBIRDS LIKE TO COME SNOWBIRDS LIKE TO COME HERE SNOWBIRDS LIKE TO COME HERE TO GET GET AWAY GET AWAY FROM GET AWAY FROM THE GET AWAY FROM THE COLD. LOOK LOOK AT LOOK AT THIS. A A MAGNET A MAGNET 4@FOR A MAGNET 4@FOR SNOWBIRDS. THAT THAT IS THAT IS PART THAT IS PART OF THAT IS PART OF THE THAT IS PART OF THE 4@REASON THAT IS PART OF THE 4@REASON WH A FRIEND A FRIEND FROM A FRIEND FROM OUR A FRIEND FROM OUR SISTER STATION STATION DECIDED STATION DECIDED TO STATION DECIDED TO COME STATION DECIDED TO COME FOR STATION DECIDED TO COME FOR A FEW FEW HOURS. CANADA CANADA SPENT CANADA SPENT THE CANADA SPENT THE DAY CANADA SPENT THE DAY WITH CANADA SPENT THE DAY WITH HIM TO TO SHOW TO SHOW YOU TO SHOW YOU HOW TO SHOW YOU HOW HE TO SHOW YOU HOW HE DID TO SHOW YOU HOW HE DID ON TO SHOW YOU HOW HE DID ON A TO SHOW YOU HOW HE DID ON A 4@ BUDGET. >> >> Reporter: >> Reporter: HERE >> Reporter: HERE HANGING >> Reporter: HERE HANGING OUT WI4@TH WI4@TH MIKE WI4@TH MIKE POLK WI4@TH MIKE POLK JUNIOR WI4@TH MIKE POLK JUNIOR FROM CLEVELAND CLEVELAND OHIO. WE WE ARE WE ARE 4@HANGING WE ARE 4@HANGING OUT. >> IT >> IT IS >> IT IS SO >> IT IS SO NICE, >> IT IS SO NICE, WE >> IT IS SO NICE, WE ARE >> IT IS SO NICE, WE ARE SISTER >> IT IS SO NICE, WE ARE SISTER@ STATIONS. WE BOTH WE BOTH WORK WE BOTH WORK FOR WE BOTH WORK FOR 4@THE WE BOTH WORK FOR 4@THE MAN TOGETHER. THANK THANK YOU THANK YOU FOR THANK YOU FOR 4@HAVING THANK YOU FOR 4@HAVING US. >> WE >> WE ARE >> WE ARE DOWN >> WE ARE DOWN VISITING. WE GOT WE GOT A WE GOT A CHEAP WE GOT A CHEAP FLIGHT. WE GOT A CHEAP FLIGHT. 4@ YOU YOU WILL YOU WILL SHOW YOU WILL SHOW US YOU WILL SHOW US AROUND YOU WILL SHOW US AROUND 4@A YOU WILL SHOW US AROUND 4@A BIT >> IT IS 4@4@EXTREMELY >> IT IS 4@4@EXTREMELY RARE. IN IN OVER IN OVER 60 IN OVER 60 YEARS, IN OVER 60 YEARS, THERE IN OVER 60 YEARS, THERE HAS BEEN BEEN A BEEN A LITTLE BEEN A LITTLE OVER BEEN A LITTLE OVER 20 BEEN A LITTLE OVER 20 PEOPLE KILLED KILLED IN KILLED IN THE KILLED IN THE COUNTRY. >> ONE >> ONE GATOR >> ONE GATOR TOOK >> ONE GATOR TOOK 4@A >> ONE GATOR TOOK 4@A LIKING. THAT IS A THAT IS A 4@4@FUN THAT IS A 4@4@FUN SOUND. >> 4@DON'T >> 4@DON'T WORRY, >> 4@DON'T WORRY, WE >> 4@DON'T WORRY, WE MADE >> 4@DON'T WORRY, WE MADE IT >> 4@DON'T WORRY, WE MADE IT OU ALIVE. THEN THEN GRABBED THEN GRABBED LUNCH THEN GRABBED LUNCH AT THEN GRABBED LUNCH AT FRENCHY'S ON ON CLEARWATER ON CLEARWATER BEACH. >> I >> I HEAR >> I HEAR 4@GOOD >> I HEAR 4@GOOD THINGS. >> THE >> THE FOOD >> THE FOOD WAS >> THE FOOD WAS FANTASTIC. THE THE BEACH THE BEACH 4@EVEN THE BEACH 4@EVEN BETTER. THE BEACH 4@EVEN BETTER. 4@ TAKE TAKE THAT.4@ >> IT IS AMAZING. ISN'T ISN'T THERE ISN'T THERE SOMETHING ISN'T THERE SOMETHING 4@MORE WONDERFUL WONDERFUL ABOUT WONDERFUL ABOUT KNOWING WONDERFUL ABOUT KNOWING THE PEOPLE ARE PEOPLE ARE CALLED PEOPLE ARE CALLED WHERE PEOPLE ARE CALLED WHERE YOU PEOPLE ARE CALLED WHERE YOU ARE PEOPLE ARE CALLED WHERE YOU ARE@ NOT NOT AT? >> THANK >> THANK YOU >> THANK YOU JUST >> THANK YOU JUST USE >> THANK YOU JUST USE 4@AND MAKING MAKING ME MAKING ME FEEL MAKING ME FEEL THE MAKING ME FEEL THE LOVE. >> WHEN >> WHEN HE >> WHEN HE GOES >> WHEN HE GOES BACK >> WHEN HE GOES BACK 4@TO >> WHEN HE GOES BACK 4@TO OHIO, DID DID YOU DID YOU SEE DID YOU SEE WHAT DID YOU SEE WHAT A DID YOU SEE WHAT A BEAUTIFUL BEACH BEACH DAY BEACH DAY 4@IT BEACH DAY 4@IT WAS. >> HE >> HE ORDERED >> HE ORDERED WELL. >> YOU >> YOU GOT >> YOU GOT THE >> YOU GOT THE ROUND-TRIP TICKET TICKET FOR TICKET FOR $40. >> THAT >> THAT 4@FLIGHT, >> THAT 4@FLIGHT, 55 >> THAT 4@FLIGHT, 55 MILLION PEOPLE WILL PEOPLE WILL BE PEOPLE WILL BE TRAVELING PEOPLE WILL BE TRAVELING FOR THE HOLIDAYS. THEY THEY WILL THEY WILL WANT THEY WILL WANT TO THEY WILL WANT TO TAKE THEY WILL WANT TO TAKE IT

  Top Comments:
  1. @ESmith: This guy did the hastily made Cleveland Tourist video

- Snowbird Brown's Health Update: Kind: captions Language: en it was revealed by intouchweekly.com on the 10th of October 2022 that Alaskan Bush People TV star bird brown was undergoing extreme stress at the time as several tumors had been uncovered on her ovaries knowing just how many women suffer mortal consequences due to ovary and womb complications the prognosis immediately seemed Grim for the Browns having eventually dealt with the situation the Browns thought they were out of the woods with regards to that particular issue but time would prove them wrong snowbo Browns livelihood came into question once again in the middle of September 2023 under unexpected circumstances am morene snowboard Brown was born on the 18th of November 1994 in her family's remote Wilderness home in Alaska USA her life Journey had been marked by Adventure resilience and a fierce determination to persist and exist on our own terms regardless of outside forces from the very beginning she was raised in an environment where self-reliance was not just a virtue but a way of life just as taught by her survivalist expert family she was immersed in the rugged Beauty and harsh challenges of her surroundings while growing up in the Wilds of Alaska and her unique personality and deep connection to Nature quickly made her a standout member of the Browns bird demonstrated a remarkable affinity for finding her footings in the natural world as she came of age in the wilderness often seen bonding with the family's extensive menagerie of pets which include a wolf a cat and even a skunk her kinship with these creatures showcased a promising start for someone looking to make their life living off the grid her love for Animals wasn't limited to domesticated ones as she also developed a keen interest in Wildlife Conservation wanting to save as many species as possible from negative human influences her passion for preserving the Alaskan Wilderness and its inhabitants led her to volunteer at a Wildlife Rehabilitation Center thereby deepening her understanding of the delicate balance of Nature and reinforcing ing her commitment to protecting it bird displayed in maturity and wisdom Beyond her years despite being a generally young and inexperienced individual the TV star's distinctive appearance characterized by her striking blue hair and distinctive fashion sense made for a memorable figure for both on and offc Screen her Unique Style was a reflection of her individuality that undoubtedly helped differentiate her from the rest her unbreakable sibling Bond was a central theme of the show focusing on the various interactions with her brothers and sisters which were marked by a combination of camaraderie and sibling rivalry typical of any close-nit family the relatability showcased therein helped draw even more eyes to the title which slowly but surely spread all over the planet Bird's Journey from a young girl raised in the Wilds of Alaska to a woman who embraced her omnipresent individuality nurtured her love for animals and stood by her family during their most trying moments makes for a beloved celebrity all that not withstanding it's hard to imagine bird succeeding at anything without the mutual efforts of her entire family Alaskan Bush People is a unique docu drama reality TV series initially from the 6th of May 2014 that follows the lives of the Brown family who over time became unlikely television stars and cultural icons in the world of reality entertainment The Saga of the Brown family began in the early 1980s when Billy and Amy Brown decided to leave the comfort of modern civilization behind their dream was to live a self-reliant life in the rugged Wilderness of Alaska disconnected from the conveniences of City living and the trappings of the modern world their goal required a bold step into the unknown a commitment to an unconventional lifestyle that would test the limits of their survival skills and faith in one another the Browns initially settled in the Copper River Valley as they ventured into their remote Alaska Wilderness creating a humble living area to house them temporarily their Homestead named Browntown was a place where the family built their own shelters gathered food from the land and learned to coexist with the harsh unforgiving environment that surrounded them the family faced numerous challenges along the way as the Wilderness demand resilience and resourcefulness and the Browns Embrace those necessary qualities wholeheartedly over the years they honed their hunting fishing and trapping skills to provide for their constantly growing family inevitably becoming even better at mastering the art that some still term survival the Brown's adventures and mishaps in the Alaskan Wilderness became the core of the alas can Bush People which quickly gained a devoted following viewers were drawn to the family's unique way of life tight-knit Bond and their commitment to one another one of the standout aspects of the series was the family's Ingenuity in crafting their own tools and devising innovative solutions to the issues they faced promoting self-reliance of making it off the land whether it was fashioning a water will to generate electricity or building a unique Treehouse the Brown's ability to adapt to their envir enironment was a source of Fascination and inspiration to most including even seasoned survivalists who tuned in from time to time to observe their progress the show's many seasons Chronicle the family's growth and evolving Dynamics having introduced viewers to the brown children Matt Bambam bear Gabe Noah bird and Rain each with their distinct personalities and roles within the family unit also featuring a diverse range of strengths and weaknesses that ultimately LED them to complement one another the bonds between were evident and their shared experiences in the wild forged unbreakable connections that would keep them together even in the most adverse circumstances the series suffered from its share of controversy as critics questioned the authenticity of the Browns lifestyle suggesting that it was more staged and genuine some even claimed that the family didn't live in the Alaskan Wilderness year round which led to legal troubles a slew of sources including locals with firsthand knowledge of the family and astute fans conducting their own investigation have Unearthed some eyebrow raising inconsistencies surrounding the Browns and their supposed narrative radar online for instance reported that the family supposedly inhabited a hotel in Huna Alaska while the cameras roll neighbors Jay Ericson and Becky Honeycut claim to have witnessed the Browns frequenting the icy straight Lodge at all hours dispelling the notion of a remote Homestead each of the children has their own hotel room according to Honeycut which implies a significant expense on luxury modern living completely contrary to what they purport to represent it's also been noted that production crew members from the Discovery Channel series often find Comfort at the lodge further eroding the perception of a rustic existence during the fourth episode of the first season Appley entitled fight or flight viewers were met with this intriguing opening message the Discovery Channel was given permission to document the life of a secluded Bush family during production an incident occurred and filming was stopped in a pivotal scene of the installment the family is abruptly awakened at Night by what appears to be two gunshots fired outside their dwelling armed and ready the men hastily rushed outside only for a third gunshot to disrupt the Stillness patriarch Billy then solemnly conveyed to the cameras that the life they're living isn't worth dying for sending a shiver down the viewers spines however Anchorage Daily News revealed a curious twist to this tale as Alaskan state troopers tasked with maintaining Law and Order in the region reported that no individual associated with Alaskan Bush People people seem to have reported any shots fired this in congruity raised legitimate questions about the authenticity of the show's dramatic moments implying that perhaps the most shocking events of all was entirely falsified from legal troubles including jail time to accusations of fraud a myriad of reasons fuel suspicions that the family's on-screen coexistence is far from genuine it's undeniable that these elements contribute to a growing belief that the Browns are to some extent vrica their reality for this the sake of entertainment it's worth noting that some of the family's initial assertions have also been somewhat in congruent with reality for instance in the show's inaugural season it was revealed that the Browns cabin wasn't as isolated as it seemed distant neighbors and even a pizza shop proved to be part of their surroundings challenging the illusion of complete Wilderness isolation further fueling the skepticism are additional Revelations that the Browns Retreat to comfortable hotels between filming sessions locals have reportedly spotted them frequenting the Cozy confines of icy straight Lodge suggesting that their Wilderness escapades may be more intermittent than portrayed certain onscreen relationships have also been called into question such as Noah's supposed date Karina Kaufman revealed to be an actress thus casting doubt on the authenticity of the show's romantic entanglements in this case it's quite possible that the production team saw it necessary to raise the apparent attraction of certain Brown family members by showing them becoming involved with highly attractive individuals the family's techsavvy Nature has also come under scrutiny as several members including Joshua bamb bam Gabe Noah snow and rain maintain YouTube accounts and social media profiles now even including Instagram and Tik Tok which is a practice that in no way aligns with the isolated lifestyle depicted on screen the Browns runs with the law don't help maintain a trustworthy reputation either Billy and Bambam found themselves behind bars in 2016 for falsely claiming Alaska residency when allegedly they weren't living in State this wasn't their first legal entanglement either having faced charges on sworn falsification and theft in 2014 accused of dishonesty about their residency to secure government checks while the charges were eventually dropped these incidents combine into an entangled mess that fuels further distrust of their assertions rumors have also surfaced that the Browns may not have constructed their Browntown cabin themselves although Billy adamantly claims that he built it with his his bare hands allegations suggest the locals were the True Builders even though no such outside Builder has come forth to speak to the media this controversy nonetheless calls into question the family's self-reliance and their authenticity on Bush dwellers it's no secret that Alaskan Bush People has been waning in popularity for a number of years as of September 2023 which was brought on by many of the AFF forementioned factors as well as certain unfortunate events that permanently changed the composition while the series 15 season is set to premere in late 2023 hopes that the remaining family members will achieve their former glory are few and far between the first round to leave the flock through very unfortunate circumstances was Billy the patriarch who somewhat unexpectedly passed away at age 68 in early February 2021 following a severe seizure while in Washington state the Fatal incident was difficult to witness even for the most seasoned stoic as the family burst into an allout desperate appeal for the man of the house to literally Rise Up from the dead more specifically the sun reported that various members of the family screamed for Billy to wake up moments after his passing which showcased just how badly he was needed by every single Brown his death packed a debilitating punch to the production efforts as well leading to greatly diminished stamina for making additional screen time AG matriarch Amy suffered a myriad of her own issues as well having been diagnosed with stage three lung cancer in 2017 this is when the Browns parents decided to live together in Washington state just in case something went wrong although this was by all means the right choice to make it also meant that the rest of the series would continue without the original survivors battling with Alaskan elements she then underwent four-month-long chemotherapy and radiation treatments fighting the odds of a mere 3% survival rate given by the doctors in what seemed to be an impossible Miracle the matriarch's cancer cells began dying out and the illness went went into remission by the conclusion of her Hospital days naturally considering the not so honest history of the family's on camera existence there were more than a few Skeptics who questioned the Varity of Amy's claim implying that she may have faked the entire ordeal just to grab more screen time for a title that was well on its way out of popularity the final chapter in the Brown's illness Saga is snowbo brown who began experiencing severe stomach pains during the shooting of the 14th season it was later revealed that she had more than one tumor on her ovaries which led to the possibility of at least some of her organs also being riddled with cancer the analysis found that this wasn't the case however and snowbir was elated to know that a simple surgical operation would probably be all that's needed as excising the tumor would solve most of the issues with hindsight however even a claim as realistic as this felt dubious to the more cynical viewers of the series Snowbird was ultimately told that it's necessary she attend frequent checkups from that point on while experts also advised her to to undergo a hysterectomy so as to be completely safe from any future complications wanting to have children however Snowbird never took up this suggestion it was thus somewhat less shocking when she uploaded a video to her Instagram page on the 14th of September 2023 detailing the hospital procedures she underwent after her most recent checkup this revealed that the tumors did unfortunately return but most of the details have obviously been kept for the upcoming 15th season regardless of any suspicions we all hopeful for the best outcome thank you for spending some time with us make sure to like And subscribe so you never miss another video we also handpick these videos which we recommend you watch next you can talk to us on all social medias or ask a question in the comments below thank you for being with us and we'll see you back tomorrow

  Top Comments:
  1. @vickiefraley1669 [1 likes]: I will pray for you snowbird to get all well and be with all your animals and family
  2. @bonniewilson8809 [1 likes]: Need more shows.
  3. @boombapi: The show was fake. Matt was an alcoholic and about killed himself in an explosion

- Snowbird Brown Shares Positive Update on Mom Ami Brown’s Health After Hospital Stay: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everybody. Okay, so I have a little bit of good news. Mom is out of the hospital and she's doing better. >> Snowbird Brown is giving Alaskan Bush People fans a moment of relief. And after everything the Brown family has been through, even a small win feels huge. On April 14th, Snowbird posted a video update on Instagram telling followers that her mom, Ammy Brown, had been discharged from the hospital and was headed home. Snowbird stressed that Ammy isn't a lot better yet, but she is improving and the family is grateful for every step forward. In the clip, Snowbird thanked supporters for the prayers, kind messages, and well-wishes, saying Ammy has been touched by the love, too. She added that Ammy is still taking it easy 100%. But she's on the upswing, and being back in a home environment will likely help her feel stronger than being stuck in a hospital room. For newer viewers, Snowbird has become one of the most recognizable members of the Brown family thanks to Discovery Channel's Alaskan Bush people, which followed the clan's off-thegrid lifestyle and their close-knit bond. Over the years, Bird has often shared heartfelt direct to camera updates, especially when it comes to family milestones and health scares. Amy's health journey has been a major part of the family's story for nearly a decade. In 2017, she was diagnosed with advanced lung cancer, and her illness prompted major changes for the Browns, including relocating so she could receive treatment. By 2018, Ammy announced she was in remission. But the years since have still included ongoing health challenges and repeated medical scares, including serious respiratory illnesses that have sent her back to the hospital more than once. Just days before Snowbird's good news update, Amy's son, Bear, also told followers that Ammy wasn't feeling well and was taken in for medical care as a precaution due to symptoms like fever and congestion. A scary situation given her history. Now with Ammy back out of the hospital and on her way home, Snowbird's message landed exactly the way she intended, not as a victory lap, but as a hopeful breath in the middle of a tough season and a reminder that the Browns are still leaning on faith, family, and their fans when it matters most.

- Snowbird Slowdown: How Canadians won’t be a big part of the valley’s winter season this year: Kind: captions Language: en LEADER. AN I-TEAM INVESTIGATION TONIGHT. NEWS CHANNEL 3 GETTING ANSWERS ON SOMETHING VIEWERS HAVE BEEN ASKING ABOUT FOR MONTHS. YES, FEWER CANADIANS WILL BE RENTING CONDOS AND HOMES IN THE COACHELLA VALLEY THIS UPCOMING WINTER SEASON. ALSO, FEWER CANADIANS ARE BUYING HOMES HERE THIS YEAR. BUT IS IT DUE TO CANADIAN-U.S. POLITICS, OR JUST GOOD BUSINESS? THE ANSWER.MIGHT SURPRISE YOU. HERE'S I-TEAM INVESTIGATOR JEFF STAHL. BAM JEFF STANDUP-- Apr 6 PS Canada Banners VO file The sign behind me--- efforts from Palm Springs recognizing the political impacts to Canadian tourism. Those cold-weather snowbirds flocking to the desert for sunshine and warmth. It's a large part of what drives our winter tourism-based economy. But with Tariffs and new entry requirements for Canadians, it seems that when it comes to our friends from the North-- everything is going south. (MINI OPEN FOR CANADA) wipe to vo Nats traffic.. (wipe vo)license plates and traffic The out of state license plates are back. But fewer Canadians among them. And don't expect a lot of them this winter. Local realtors say they've already noticed a definite drop in calls of interest from our neighbors to the north. Dave Burke manages dozens of seasonal rentals. CAN DAVE BURKE INTVU WIDE SHOT 5:39 David Burke, Realtor- "And I have talked to other realtors and other people and try to get a feel for what's going on with them, and everyone's kind of seeing the same thing." The "same thing" is fewer inquiries and a handful of available properties yet to be rented. He says people typically book them a year in advance. CAN PORTIA INTVU 3:00 MUST CROP SHOT Portia Richmond DIR OF OPERATIONS FOR L.H.C. MANAGEMENT -- "I still have 3 or 4 that are still open for the season. That's very rare. Very rare." Another agent-- Portia Richmond says, usually, her inventory is booked a year in advance. CAN PORTIA INTVU 3:57 Richmond-- "Canadians like to plan!" Laughs-- CAN PORTIA RICHMOND INTVU 11:05 Stephenie Zinn, Desert Lifestyle Properties-- "With the rentals, it's one set of concerns. And I think with people that are buying, that's a different set of concerns." The Canadian drop-off is hitting all facets of the market, both rentals and sales. But Stephenie Zinn, a broker at Desert Lifestyle Properties, says it's not just the politics of the new Trump administration and tariffs, but also high interest rates, rising insurance costs, and U.S. Canadian Dollar exchange rates-- all impacting sales. She showed us an analysis of county tax records, obtained through a local title company, to point out some stark comparisons on a Canadian sales slump. CAN STEPHENIE INTVU :10 Stephenie-- "18 Canadian buyers in the previous 12 months, then in just the past 12 months there's only been 3. That's a pretty big difference." Zinn's analysis shows fewer Canadians are buying Coachella Valley properties this past year-- compared to the previous 12 months. A caveat-- the downturn mirrors our overall sales, also down. CAN NICK MILLER INTVU 9:15 CU 8:40 REV SHOT Jeff-- "It was a good time for them to sell." Nick Miller, Realtor Appraiser-- "Absolutely, we had so many people from Canada purchase properties here from that 2012 to 2015 window when our home prices were extremely depressed because of the great recession, and the Canadian Dollar was strong almost on parity with the US Dollar." CAN NICK PD HOME TOUR BROLL :32 Miller- "It can be offered furnished. We're currently at 299 thousand." Showing us a Palm Desert property he's listed for sale, Nick Miller says a surge of Canadians have cashed in their equity this year on those vacation homes many purchased when our home prices were at post-recession rock-bottoms. CAN NICK MILLER INTVU WIDE 5:46 Miller- "I do statistical analysis every day." Miller-- also a local appraiser for 20 years-- says a typical $150,000 local property purchased in 2013 may have doubled or tripled in value-- to more than half a million U.S. dollars. Selling this past 11 months would translate to a windfall. And then add an exchange rate bonus because the Canadian dollar-- once nearly equal to our dollar-- is now weaker-- worth just 71 cents to a U-S dollar. CAN NICK MILLER INTVU WIDE 3:14 Miller- "So they're getting an additional 30 percent back." 3:19 "So maybe that $150k investment could be as much as $750 thousand Dollars in some cases." CAN PORTIA INTVU 3:35 3:37 JEFF REV SHOT Jeff-- "When the snow flies up north, they might come calling anyway? Or do you think it's going to be a different year?" Richmond-- "I believe kind of year." Richmond says she expects her remaining inventory to be rented, likely by snow state Americans, although Canadians are always welcome back. Burke is also optimistic all his listings will be filled. CAN DAVE BURKE INTVU REVERSE SHOT 7:39 Burke- "Now they're starting to see some good deals, pricing, airfares, even home rentals. People are adjusting those prices a little bit." CAN DAVE BURKE NOW YOUR FIRST S-Q DOT COM.. DETAIL-- AT K-E-NUMBERS IN SEE THE HERE.' PROPERTIES HAVE MANY STILL ALSO-- HOW CITY BY CITY-- AND CONDOS-- THEIR HOMES HAVE SOLD CANADIANS HOW MANY ONLINE--- TO SEE YOU CAN GO SELL. MOTIVATED TO WHO'S OFFERS TO SEE AGGRESSIVE WRITE YOU LIKE, AND 5 PROPERTIES IDENTIFY 4 OR AGGRESSIVE. SHOULD BE ANY BUYER -- MILLER SAYS TO GET A DEAL Channel 3. Jeff Stahl News Channel 3. TO GET A DEAL -- MILLER SAYS ANY BUYER SHOULD BE AGGRESSIVE. IDENTIFY 4 OR 5 PROPERTIES YOU LIKE, AND WRITE AGGRESSIVE OFFERS TO SEE WHO'S MOTIVATED TO YOU CAN GO ONLINE--- TO SEE HOW MANY CANADIANS HAVE SOLD THEIR HOMES AND CONDOS-- CITY BY CITY-- ALSO-- HOW MANY STILL HAVE PROPERTIES HERE.' SEE THE NUMBERS IN DETAIL--

  Top Comments:
  1. @robbob1866 [15 likes]: This is a typically clueless US news devoid of factual information. Canadians and the rest of the world aren't avoiding the USA because of tariffs, intrest rates or the exchange rate. The world isn't going to travel to a dangerous, racist dictatorship that threatens it's friends and neighbours. This is a permanent boycot of everything USA and your continued ignorance isn't helping your situation. Your empire is falling
  2. @MaverickBlue42 [13 likes]: People aren't selling their properties because property values are up, they're selling their properties because they never plan on going back again. I'm Canadian, and I will never travel to America again.
  3. @Nora_1436 [13 likes]: Why haven't you asked Canadians why they're avoiding travel to the U.S.? As a Canadian, the boycott stems from Donald Trump's comments about Canada being a "51st state" and his threats to annex our country through economic coercion.  I seek safer and more respectful places to visit. Discounts and welcoming signs won't restore my confidence. I'm boycotting U.S. travel and products due to the current administration's disrespect toward Canada, and it will be years before I consider travelling there again.
  4. @madjock-ig5bv [12 likes]: Wow! You don't know why they are boycotting? Really? I mean you live next door to Canada and are ignorant of the reasons? Hell I live thousands of miles away in Scotland and I know why.
Trump!
51st state rhetoric!
Talking crap about Canadians!
Trump saying the US doesn't need anything from Canada (oh it seems they do, oh dear).
Your arrogance and self-entitlement has come back to bite you in the ass!
As for the comment at the end, the whole be aggressive thing, shows you know they are not coming back and are angry with Canadians rather than your gobbler in chief (at least according to the files) who created the shit show.
Hope this helps improve your news service. You can have this info for free!
  5. @MerelyGifted [12 likes]: Why no mention of trump's "51st state" threats?! Why no mention of ice arresting so many people, including US citizens?!
  6. @chrishouse5753 [7 likes]: I still cannot understand why one of the first things News agencies say about the reasons for Canadians not traveling is because of tarrifs.  Canadians don't have to pay the tarrifs - Americans do.  Its the threats to our nation, its threats of being picked up randomly by CBP and ICE, its the dicatorship "above the law" government. Even a change in the next election won't matter - there's still about 70 million who want this.
  7. @canadianbakin1304 [5 likes]: 10 months isnt a slump its become habit at this point, if you havent figured out why by now i dont know what to tell you maybe if your news was honest and said why and tried to address the real issues we might feel a little different
  8. @Djsearsusa01 [3 likes]: Several observations from a couple of retired American living in Canada who have friends on family both sides of the border.  1. The exchange rate is not a significant factor…the exchange rate compared to 2013 overlooks that the 10 year $0.76. The figure your realtor noted is cherry picking an uncharacteristically high rate.  2. The Canadian dollar was near par in the mid 70s but dropped over the subsequent decades to fluctuate in the $0.82 to $0.85 range. January the rate has decreased 5-8% from November 2024.  3. Many properties bought by Canadians in the last 5 years were done when the exchange was nowhere near the figure noted by the realtor….likely purchased in the 0.80-0.83 range.   4. The exchange rate often noted by the American tourist industry as a major factor overlooks that Canadians since last spring have been traveling to Europe, Asia and South America in record numbers. Many Canadians snowbirds who normally winter in the US are going instead to,Spain, Portugal, Mexico, Panama, the Dominican Republic, and other Caribbean Islands. We have elected ourselves with my sister and her husband to winter in Spain.  Another family member has elected to buy a condo in the Dominican Republic for retirement rather than South Carolina or Florida as was there plan a year ago.  

5. Some Canadians who have property will continue to own and use them, others will own them and elect to rent them Americans while they winter elsewhere.   6. Whenever the Canadian drops for an extended period, Canadian wages and savings have adjusted along with them resulting in the purchasing power ultimately becoming the same.   

7.  The President’s repeatedly saying he wants Canada and his 51 State comments have quickened Canadians to their core.  There is a renewed sense of nationalism and pride.  I was shocked by the number of Quebecois (nationalist Quebecers) who use to describe themselves as Quebecois, Canadian second, are calling themselves Canadians from Quebec…this is a huge shift in thinking.  8. For decades Canadians saw themselves as American cousins with subtle differences. Now the shift is towards viewing the relationship as neighbors who they wave to and say hello, but with mixed feelings about visiting.   

9. The desire to be friends remains, but Canadians by and large are pushing their elected leaders to decouple as much as possible from the US. I don’t think the relationship will return to what it was in the past….both economically, socially, militarily enmeshed for decades. They are pushing for building infrastructure that will see more of our aluminum, gas, oil, minerals, wood, agricultural products and other manufactured products to Asia, Europe and South America. 

The feelings are akin to a couple on the verge of separating and heading towards an angry divorce if further missteps occur.

Those American tourist officials who fail to understand the mind shift and anger of the average Canadian and think it is mainly due to the economy and exchange rates will conclude it is a momentary issue.  Better to recognize the heart of the issue, and adjust to having far fewer Canadian snowbirds and tourists for the next 5 years, possibly longer.
  9. @mrjunk3203 [3 likes]: It’s amazing how Canadians are saying it’s because of Trump and ICE but you’re too stupid to report the reality.  Just complete journalistic malpractice
  10. @guessundheit6494 [2 likes]: You fckuing ignorant yanks, not smart enough to get it, or too dishonest to tell the truth.

It's NOT "interest rates", it's NOT "insurance", it's NOT "exchange rates", it's NOT "weather", it's NOT "tariffs".  It's your ignorant fascist rhetoric and threats of invasion.    Get fckued, yankland.
  11. @PlayboyGunkata [1 likes]: News flash. Nobody misses your lousy tips or how you are always embarrassed to say you're from Canaduh!
  12. @oeff7744: Play stop buying hard liquor to from the US which means some liquor companies in Kentucky are having layoffs
  13. @DarrellMike: All they do is slow everyone down on the road! Stay in Canada
  14. @oneglove321: You guys don't get it.  Your country has threatened our sovereignty. Why would we spend our money in a country that has threatened us.  We are spending our dollars at home and abroad.  Not in the US.  This is just the beginning!

- Some Canadian snowbirds ditch U.S. holiday plans | The Current: Kind: captions Language: en Hello, I'm Matt Galloway and this is the current podcast. For many Canadians, winter comes with a ritual. Head south to escape the freezing temperatures. But Donald Trump's tariffs, threats of taking over Canada, and tightened immigration rules have made some people rethink their travel plans this year. The premier of Ontario, Doug Ford, is one of them. It's going to be the first time I'm not going to Florida. But I talked to so many people. Don't let this guy Trump determine and ruin your life and everything. I'm that's my personal choice. >> That personal choice of where Canadians are spending their travel dollars is turning up in numbers from Statistics Canada with the second quarter of this year showing a more than 21% drop in Canadians visiting the US compared to the same time last year. Charlie Bert and his wife have vacationed in Texas for more than a decade, but they've now decided decided to do something very different. Charlie is in Winnipeg this morning. Charlie, good morning. >> Good morning. I looked at the forecast when I woke up and it said it was minus21 in Winnipeg this morning. >> Yes, >> Texas is a lot warmer. Why are you not going back there this year? >> Well, um for a the primary reason is the president of the United States. Um you know, why do you want to spend time with an individual that insults your uh leadership of the country? uh insults the uh people who live here and when he says he's got many friends here, well, I don't think he has. >> And uh it just doesn't make sense. Why should we support them when they're very derogatory to us? So, we've decided to um look alternate uh areas for our winter escape. >> And where are you going to go instead? We're going into Mexico into um to >> play Carmen. >> Playa de Carman. >> Ah, okay. >> Somewhere somewhere new. I mean, you're not even familiar with it. You never been down to Mexico before? >> Oh, I have been um our trailer was about seven miles from the Mexican border. >> Okay. >> So, we have been in it and I have been to a number of spots in in Mexico and love the place dearly. But this is a different spot for us and that's why trying it. I mean, tell me a little bit about how long had you gone to Texas? >> Oh, since uh probably 12, 15 years. Um you would go for late um October, early November, and then come back um by April the 1st. >> And so you would have friends down there. You'd have you'd be part of a community down there. >> Yes. Um most of the uh people uh in Pine Palm where we were are Canadians and um a lot of them were contemporaries from our neighborhood up here in Fort Gary and in Winnipeg. >> What will you miss the most about not being down there? >> The the lifestyle. It's very laid-back. The people down there are friendly, especially the Hispanic population. You couldn't ask for a nicer group of people. [clears throat] Yeah, golf. Um, wandering around in shorts and a t-shirt. Um, things like that. It's just an easy way of life and then suddenly you have to leave and come back north. >> Was it a tough decision for you to to not go back there? I mean, as you said, you weren't pleased with with what the US president was saying, but did you have to mull it over or >> Well, uh, it was a question my wife asked after the border closed because of the, um, pandemic. What do you do with your property when you're 3,000 clicks away and you can't access it, you can't even look at it? When we finally got down after being away for over a year, there were a number of um issues like plumbing had break broken and uh other things that uh you would normally look after and maintenance, but there's no one down there that you can rely on to look after things. So that was probably the first part of our thinking uh to be that far away and maybe being isolated against from it. And then Mr. Trump arrived and with all his glory. Do you have friends who are still going back down? I mean, despite everything, they they they have decided that it's the right thing for them to do to go back to Texas. >> Yes. And some of them are for health reasons. They can't take the cold. It's a circulation issue or other medical issues, and they need to be someplace warm. So, yes, they've gone. Uh they'll be drifting back probably within the next two, three weeks, and we can then uh uh talk to them and see what their experiences were. What would you just finally what do you think it would take for you to get back to the United States? >> Well, firstly, um the change in attitude for um Mr. Trump, his removal and all the people around him. And see, the issue is not only him, it's he talks to a lot of people and a lot of Americans think he's telling the truth and the way to act. So, you come down and you wonder, are you going to be a target? Uh are you going to be subject to some abuse? you you don't need that. And when he's gone, I think the temperature will lower and the feeling will be much better and we can get back to being normal if there's if that's possible. >> In the meantime, the temperature will be very different in Mexico than it is this morning in Winnipeg. >> Oh [laughter] yes, [gasps] forward to it. >> Charlie, safe travels. It's good to talk to you. Thank you very much. >> You're welcome. Thank you. >> Charlie Bert was in Winnipeg, Manitoba. Used to head to Texas. Now heading to Mexico. Joan McCalpine Styles is from Monton. She's been spending her winters in Florida for over a decade. According to the website visit Florida, visits by Canadians to that state dropped by something like 20% in the second quarter of this year compared to 2024. Joanne and her husband are among the Canadians still deciding to go to Texas or down to Florida, pardon me. And she is in Zephr Hills just north of Tampa. Joanne, good morning to you. >> It's Joan. >> Joan, pardon me. My ap my apologies. [laughter] >> Um, >> that's okay. >> Tell me a little bit about >> Tell me a bit a bit about why you're deciding to go down to uh to Florida. What is it? We just heard from somebody who's who said he's not going to Texas. You're going to Florida. Why are you making that trip? >> Uh, I guess there are a number of reasons why. Number one, I guess we love it here. We've been coming here. This will be 2026 will be our 13th year being here. Uh, we have property here. Um, we have a lot of friends here. >> The lifestyle, the climate, uh, all of those reasons are the reasons we're here. Uh, we're, this is our winter home and it has been and we've been very happy here and hope to continue to be so even with the issues that have occurred throughout the country and the administration that is now in power. >> Tell me about those issues. You told our our colleagues in Monton that earlier this year you had some uncertainty about about returning back to Florida. I I think everybody did. Um there was concern about going across the border. You hear horror stories. Our entrance to the United States was absolutely flawless. Excuse me. No, no problem whatsoever. Um and last year when we left in the spring, I think there was a bit of concern as to what the feeling was going to be of fellow Floridaidians that were here that the what the American people might feel. But I have encountered none of that at all. In fact, I I've laughed and said for Canadians, we're always telling historically, we get well teased about the fact >> that we say, "Oh, we're sorry. We're sorry. We're always saying we're sorry." That has changed now. It's the Americans who are saying sorry, sorry, sorry. And that happens on a frequent basis. I've had clerks come out from behind counters in stores that I've visited over the past 12 years and hugged me and said, "I'm so happy that you're back. Thank you for coming back. We're so glad you're here." >> And I think the drop in the number of people coming has has really affected all of the the stores and and the businesses in Florida. >> That's what I was going to ask. Have you have you noticed that drop? I mean, the statistics are one thing, but have you noticed just out and about uh fewer Canadians there than than in years past? >> Oh. Oh, definitely. Definitely. Uh there's no no Canadian plates in parking lots. And I think that was one of the first things we noticed on our trip down in in early November is that you didn't have any Canadian license plates on the road, which is strange for that time of the year because that's usually the exodus to Florida. >> Did you I mean, part of this is about people feeling that they don't want to be in a country where the president is insulting our country and saying he's going to take it over and what have you. Did the comments by by Donald Trump give you any pause at all? >> The comments by Donald Trump [clears throat] infuriate me more than I could ever tell you. Uh, yes, it I I find it very upsetting and I think every Canadian does and rightfully so. Um, but I think the thing that you have to remember is that this is one individual, Matt. It's not it's not the population. I'm sure as in every country can Canada and the US or any other country in the world there are people who have extreme ideas but the majority of people are kind and friendly and they don't feel that way. It's it's just this one person and sadly I feel really bad because I think there's been a rift to a certain degree that may take years to repair between the two countries. I mean, it's it's been sort of like your best friend just kind of slapped you and that's that's very troublesome and it makes everyone upset, but the majority of people that live here do not feel that way. They are feeling the pain. They're feeling the pain of tariffs. They're feeling the pain of high costs just the same way Canadians are. And they don't like what's going on. But like a lot of people, I think probably even in the present administration, nobody is going to say too much because they're a little bit afraid to speak. >> I'll let you go, but you you mentioned people apologizing. Um, one of the things people often say is is that you don't want to talk about politics um or other prickly matters with friends and family. Do do these issues come up when you're sitting around with with your friends down in Florida? >> Never. We don't talk politics at all. But if someone the point I was making is that it's surprising that people that don't even know you when they find out you're Canadian will come up to you and say, "We're sorry. We're glad you're here." >> That is something I've never seen before. And it's it hasn't happened just once, but numerous times. >> Joan, glad to talk to you about this. Thank you very much. >> Oh, you're most welcome and and merry Christmas back >> and same to you. All the best down south where it's much warmer, I think, than much of the rest of this country. Uh 26° is that pool weather. >> You're making us hurt. Joan McCalpine Styles is a resident of Monton. Spends her winters in an RV park in Florida. She was in Zephr Hills, Florida, which is just a little bit north of Tampa. Wayne Smith is a professor at the Ted Rogers School of Hospitality and Tourism Management, director of the Institute for Hospitality and Tourism Research at Toronto Metropolitan University. He's with me in our Toronto studio. Good morning. >> Good morning. >> The stats are one thing. What do we know about how significant the drop is in terms of Canadians not heading to the United States? >> There's a number that everyone seems to be ignoring. There was a big report done with the US, all the northern states that just put out. Two of the states recorded the credit card spending >> and both of them, Montana and Vermont were down over 40 to almost 50% in credit card spending. And that's the real number because people look at the border numbers going across. Well, that counts everyone who's going across for work or crossing for, you know, transport trucks and stuff like that. When you look at the credit card numbers and we're seeing spending down between 40 and 50%. That is showing that it's having a real impact. I mean, both of our guests, Joan and, uh, earlier in in the conversation that we had, um, were talking about the fact that they agree that the the comments from Donald Trump are egregious, that they're upset by by what the president has said, and yet they are also, you know, split on on what they're doing. Some pe people are going, some people aren't going. What is your sense as to why folks aren't making that trip, who aren't going down across the border? >> Tourism at its heart is a safety industry. You have to feel like you're going to be safe at the destination you're you're going to. And different people have different levels of safety threshold, right? So some people will walk down a certain street and think, "Oh, this is perfectly fine." And some people say, "Oh, I don't want to go down that street because it's dangerous." You know? So some people look at, you know, for example, crossing the border if they have a threshold and then they're worried about, you know, going to secondary inspection and all those things or worried about the ICE or worried about the not following all the rules, the new rules about staying more than 30 days and getting the fingerprinting and stuff like that. You know, different people will have very different thresholds and you're seeing that right now. >> Do you think that I mean those new rules in particular about if you're staying for more than 30 days, has has that turned some people off? >> I think it definitely has. I think the whole idea that when you're crossing, you want to feel like you're part of a community, right? So, when you're crossing and all of a sudden we're going to fingerprint you and we're going to, you know, do the biometrics and take out your picture, it for some people makes them feel like they've done something wrong even though they've done nothing wrong. And just that feeling, it creates that insecurity which creates a feeling that am I welcome here? >> What does it mean for the local economies? I mean, again, this goes back to the credit card data that you're talking about. We've heard stories of Vegas, for example, the number of Canadians who aren't going to Las Vegas and spending all sorts of money. Those border states as well, but also down in places like Florida and Arizona and Palm Springs, where a lot of Canadians would go to escape the cold weather. What does that mean for their economies? Well, the big news you're going to see is come February when they're starting to work on next year's budgets, all of a sudden all those taxes that they're getting from the accommodations tax, the food preparation tax, the the different taxes, the admissions taxes, all those revenues, the sales taxes in Buffalo, for example, would be another one. They take a big portion of that to help run those v those cities. So the US tax system is different than the Canadian one where a lot of those tourism taxes actually fund a lot of local and state services. So when you take away that tax base, all of a sudden you're looking at there's been estimates in Orlando, for example, that 29% of the property tax is saved by the tourism taxes. >> So you're not going to raise taxes 29% on property taxes. So what are you going to do? >> Something's going to be cut. Exactly. >> Yeah. Joan talked about the fact that when she's down in Florida, people apologize to her, that they feel as though they need to say something. What is your sense of that? That that relationship that people have um in the places if they are choosing to go, the relationship that they have with the people in those communities >> on an individual basis, people are nice just like anywhere else, right? You can go somewhere and you get individual relationships and when I'm looking face to face with someone, you know, we're going to be kind. we're going to be nice to one another and civil most of the time. But what happens is is when you're looking at the percentage of people who take Florida for example, you had more than 50% of the people vote for Trump and they knew sort of what he's all about. They had a whole first term with them. I lived in the states during the first Trump term so I experienced it. So, you know, they knew that what they were getting into, but they still voted for it. So, it's sort of an interesting kind of dichotomy there that you're seeing. Charlie's not taking his trailer to Texas. He is going to Mexico instead. Um, where are Canadians going? If they're not going, if we aren't going to Florida and Arizona and what have you, where are we going instead? >> Mexico is a big location. You're also seeing some South American countries like Colombia and some of the areas around there would be work. You're also seeing the Dominican Republic. You're also, if you're going to Europe, Portugal is the big winner. seems to be the big winner for Canadian tourists. >> And you wonder whether people are just staying here as well. I mean, again, we talk about escaping the winter. Winter's a lovely thing. I mean, if you embrace it, if you lean into it, um, this country is beautiful in the winter. Is your sense that people are spending, we talk about this, but are people spending more money in this country now? >> We haven't seen the numbers quite yet for obviously this winter. We're seeing some really good reports out of like Whistle Blackholm and a couple of those other places that their numbers seem to be rising. We haven't seen anything official yet, but I I think you're going to see places like Victoria, for example, do very well this year where people can go there, they can escape the snow, but and have temperate weather at the same time. I I think you're going to see some places like that do really really well. How long-term do you think this will be? Um it feels like I mean the prime minister has talked about the relationship between Canada and the United States being different right now. Um Charlie is looking for in some ways a different administration but also a different attitude if he can put it that way. So how long is this going to play out do you think? >> This is really interesting because what happens is you're having people break habits. >> So he was talking about he's been going down 12 to 15 years. Well if he goes down to Mexico and has a great experience what's stop him from going in that's becoming your new habit. So, as consumers, we're very we like to be buying the same thing over and over and over again. If we get a brand we really like, we tend to buy it all the time. It's the same type of idea where you're setting new travel patterns and new travel ideas. So, this summer, instead of those Quebec visitors going to Old Orchard, well, they're now going to Halifax. Well, they had a great Halifax experience, what's to stop them from going back to Halifax next year instead of Old Orchard? So you're if you can this is an opportunity for these destinations to really establish new habits, new customers and bring them in and if they treat them well, if they give them good value for money, this they could be developing a new customer they could have for another decade. >> Treating them well is key. As you said earlier, tourism and travel so much is about feeling comfortable, feeling like you're welcomed there. >> Exactly. So when you get into these experiences, it's imperative that you get this sense I am a guest. See, the the biggest thing that's turning off a lot of the Canadian market is when they hear the US politicians start talking about, oh, we're losing all this money. No one wants to be thought of as a dollar sign. You know, no one wants to be thought of, oh, we just miss you because you're spending with us. It's the totally wrong attitude that we're seeing. >> So that is turning off a lot of people in itself. Have you rethought where you're traveling because of what we're talking about? >> You know, I spent I'm originally from Toronto. I spent 15 years in the States. I have really good friends in Charleston, South Carolina where I spent 15 years and a couple of them are in their 70s. I'd love to go see them. And I keep going back and forth whether or not I would I would go or not. I'm leaning to not, but you know, if something ever happened to one of them, [snorts] you know, they're my friends. They're my family. And it's really tough to say no to that. It's a personal decision for so many people. Wayne, thank you. Thank you so much. Wayne Smith, professor at the Ted Rogers School of Hospitality and Tourism Toronto Metropolitan University. You've been listening to the current podcast. My name is Matt Galloway. Thanks for listening. I'll talk to you soon.

- These snowbirds are selling up and taking flight: Kind: captions Language: en Another listing, another Canadian selling their property in the US. It's sad. It really is. Gary and Liz Lebron have been snowbirds for more than a decade. It was 2011 when they first visited Arizona. The Ontario couple fell in love with the place. They bought a house and have been spending every winter here since, but this could be their last one. We're calling this our farewell tour. They always planned to sell one day, but the US president advanced their plans. comments from Donald Trump about Canada becoming the 51st state and calling the prime minister governor. We don't need that kind of disrespect coming from the most powerful person in the world. Common borders, common beliefs, uh common democracy and to see it so uh trampled is uh really painful. So their house with five bedrooms and a pool is up for sale and no more winter escapes to the US. Never have I had 16 listings all at once before. Their realtor says the Liberons are not alone. I've done 19 so far this year with Canadians and uh two more next week and several that are booked for the fall and even for next spring that have just said that's it. We're we're out of here. We might be back. We might not. Leavine says the low Canadian dollar is a factor for many of his clients, but he says comments from Trump and his treatment of the country's long-standing ally have sparked anger. It's pretty sad situation actually. We I you know I'm I'm happy to get the extra business but I didn't want to get it this way. The Liberons say they might come back to visit for a couple of weeks. They say they've made lots of close friendships and they do love the US. We had a a gentleman come through our house a week ago cuz the house is on the market now and he came in to look at a house. The first thing he did when he came through the front door when he saw it cuz the car is Canadian license plates, he puts his hands up in the air and said, "I'm sorry. I apologize." For now, their focus is packing up, selling, and heading home. Brian Labby, CBC News, Calgary.

- Many Canadians are passing on U.S. travel — not these snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en A right on Niagara, a left on Sherbrook. If it wasn't for these palm trees, >> you could be in any town or city in Canada. >> But this is the Sunshine State in a community many snowbirds have called home since the 1970s. Florida is no stranger to Canadians. It's one of the top destinations for snowbirds. And in this community, the ties are exceptionally close and obvious. because Canadians created this park and it's always been a collaboration between both of us and that's what makes this park so special. >> For years, Canadians and Americans have coexisted here. 40% of homeowners are Canucks, but that special relationship feeling some strain amid threats of tariffs and annexation. The most recent tourism data from Florida shows a 20% drop in Canadian visitors compared to the same time last year. Jeff Papus of Ontario has been coming here for more than 30 years. >> It doesn't override the reasons and the rationale of why they're here. They are concerned in watching what's happening because when there is that uncertainty, it does there is a little discomfort into that. >> That tension also seen in other ways and has this Ontario man taking extra precautions. We've heard stories about people being identified as Canadian and their cars being targeted. So when we cross the border, what we do do is take the front license plate off. >> Happy Tuesday. >> Conte will keep wintering in the US, but is doing his part to support Canada. >> We did come down this year with so many more supplies that we would normally buy here. We'll put the money back in Canada as opposed to the States. When we bought, we bought with the intention of having a lifestyle. >> And Murray Knights has been enjoying that here since 2010, even as others boycott the US. >> To date, we haven't decided to make any change. >> Because in a community full of Canadian pride, for these travelers, what Florida offers trumps the politics of the day. Julia Wong, CBC News, Port Charlotte, Florida. >> [music]

- Some snowbirds headed south despite pandemic: Kind: captions Language: en brian lawson usually spends much of the winter in florida but not this year health wise i much rather be cold and get sick be warm and get sick you know so i'll stay here many at this quebec trailer park near the u.s border spend their summers here and head south in the fall but it's another routine disrupted by covid19 i'm not the only one that's probably going to freeze their butts off this year like in quebec with canada u.s land border crossings closed to non-essential travel snowbirds can't drive to the u.s as many normally would but they can fly there i haven't seen winter since 1991. that's what terrestrinziani plans to do despite the canadian government warning against travel confined air in the cold weather or confined in florida and i could also go on the beach i prefer a hundred percent to be in florida her trailer isn't winterized and she doesn't own winter tires so she says she's got insurance that covers kovid and a plan to send her car across the border before her flight at the end of the month we get like 200 calls a day commercial traffic can cross the border and this transport company has been fielding calls from snowbirds ready to pay thousands of dollars to get their vehicles down south we are at the rise to to cross the borders with their with their cars and rvs so we we transported to florida and people just fly out there but the federal government warns if travelers run into trouble abroad it may have limited capacity to help and that older people are particularly at risk when it comes to covid19 it could also cause problems for the healthcare systems on both sides of the border says this expert over a relatively short period of time a large number of people traveling can overwhelm the ability of of public health and contact tracing to do their job as the leaves fall brian lawson is bracing himself for winter with the hopes he can escape it again another year alison northcott cbc news hemmingford quebec

- Snowbird Cherokee: Kind: captions Language: en a production of South Carolina ETV the snowbird Cherokees was funded in part by grants from the South Carolina Humanities Council the North Carolina Humanities Council the Georgia Humanities Council and sea the southern educational Communications [Music] Association the beautiful mountains Rising row on row Waters washing silver on the shore bird people floating in the air fish in the waters and one by one each being finding out who he was his name and Powers throughout the history of Empires native cultures have often been displaced by new emerging forces removed to remote outof thee way places in 1830 the United States Congress narrowly passed the Indian Removal Act which made the eviction of Native Americans from their homelands official US policy during the bitter winter of 1838 12,000 Cherokees were forced to March over 800 miles from the Appalachians to Oklahoma territory when it was over a quarter of them had perished on what has become known as the Trail of Tears in these primeval Forest deep in the Cherokee Country of the Smoky Mountains several hundred Cherokees managed to flee from their homes before the soldiers arrived and for months survive we could not bear to leave the land of our ancestors the land the great spirit bestowed upon us while most of us were taken from our homes and forced West some of us us hid and stayed we became the Eastern band of the Cherokees the persistent ones the people of the koala boundary and of snowbird people look at you like uh what is snowbird you know you try to tell them it's hard to tell about Snowbird because there's nothing but the road and and the trees and when they get down here they're looking for some Snowbird and you tell them this is snowbird and they're looking around say what are you talking about we don't see nothing but trees in the road Snowbird Snowbird because I think uh really what makes this a pretty strong Community is a kind of a isolated from uh the reservation a little bit and they kind of independent you know if we could uh rounded all of them up I guess we'd been in Oklahoma today so it wouldn't be no endings here Cherokee lands and hunting grounds once covered much of what is now the southeastern United States today the main reservation of the Eastern band Cherokees is the quala boundary in Western North Carolina's Swain and Jackson counties its Center is the town of Cherokee about 50 Mi Southwest near Robinsville in Graham County lies the snowbird Community where tribal lands are scattered among private plots belonging to both Cherokees and non-indians 25 Mi Southwest of snowbird is toat in Cherokee County where the fewest full-blooded Cherokees live I have great admiration for those that remained that went and stayed regardless of who was after them or whatever they went to the mountains and stayed because of those ancestors that's what remains here the Trail of Tears separated the tribe and isolated the Eastern band from the larger Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma but reconnections have been made over the years in events like the Trail of Tears sing even though different Cherokee dialects are spoken atali in Snowbird in Oklahoma katua on the quala boundary they quickly understand each other you know for many years we we were separated but now we have come and and just reunited one more time like many Oklahoma Cherokee Families bill and Becky dryw water have been coming to the Trail of Tears sing in Snowbird for many years we've had heard about this North Carolina since I was just a young man always had the desire to come and visit and I believe some of the people that that are here had that same desire at one time or another and to them kind of like me a dream coming true everybody down Glory it's become an annual Cherokee tradition one which strengthens the bonds between the eastern and western Cherokees every summer each group hosts a Trail of Tears Gospel sing and families from each group make the long trip to reunite we were sort of off you know yeah distance from the wild you know it's sort of funny think about it nowaday you know it seemed like they were better than us the way we looked at it but uh the more the older I got I realize that where was just just like anybody else you know we may be different color skin but I'm proud of be Cherokee in earlier times the Cherokees believed in the sacredness of all things before the Europeans came our lives were structured around ancient beliefs which explained the Eternal order of things we were the an yunya the real people the Flight of the first great Buzzard created the mountains as his wings touched the Earth this sacred land of mountains Forest valleys and streams became our home above all else we believe that life must be lived in harmony with others and with all things with the sun and moon the seasons with plants and animals Spirits water fire wind and smoke to us the Earth was a flat round disc suspended from the Dome of Heaven at the four directions resting on a vast deep body of water the Earth itself was delicately balanced between the upper world of benevolent guiding spirits and the underworld of evil whose Spirits crept onto the Earth through caves Springs and deep Lakes this delicate balance between the three worlds could only be kept through Harmony between man and the elements failure to keep that Harmony brought disaster in all forms drought storms sickness and death evil actions brought evil to others everything happened for a reason my uh great great grandfather great-grandfather was named David Al in those days the Cherokees believed in in and they felt like that they were able to transform themselves into other life forms into animals and this type of thing so David had changed himself into an owl and there's a gentleman by the name of Lambert who one night heard the screeching of an owl outside of his house and the Cherokees are very fearful of the screech owl so they feel like he is a messenger a bad messenger and if he comes around their house something terrible may happen to the one of the family members so H goes out and he shoots the screech owl when the owl falls from the ground he thinks he's killed it so he goes on back in that night and uh goes on the sleep when he awakens the next day he goes out and he finds my great-grandfather David Al lying up on the ground and he's been shot in the same place that the aowl had been shot you know I heard a similar story you know was an A and everything else and like I said you know they said but you know he didn't didn't die then but they said you know two days days later they could hear him scream through this whole valley you know every house you could hear him scream all the way the head cuz he knew he's dead Ned long and Ella Jackson are brother and sister the Longs and Jacksons are two of several extended families in the snowbird Community nearly everyone in Snowbird it seems is somehow related to each other this old Cemetery where one of their baby sisters who died over 65 years ago was buried is now part of national forest land before the forest service claimed this land a small Cherokee settlement was nearby Ella Jackson remembers spee spee there so not she took a lot of pride in being an Indian and she always said you don't have to do these customary things you don't have to make a basket you don't have to do bead work those are good things to know but B Indian comes from here in the heart and she said that's where it is if you've got it there that's all you need Ella's daughter Lou Jones is moving to a new home in the generous and sharing Spirit of a Cherokee she's given her former home to her eldest son bud and his new growing family Lou has moved to land which was given to her by her father's cousin whom Lou always thought of as her aunt in Cherokee communities extended family members are often called aunts and uncles by the children multiple mothers are also common as friends and family assume parental roles for each other's children if if you got a grandma and she's got sisters they all grandma we D it first two and then people told us well you're going to start having your own kids I said that's fine we love kids we won't care to have one we wouldn't stop it so then uh in a few days my brother-in-law brings in five kids said would you take them in and we only had uh one bedroom at the time and living room and one bedroom and kitchen and I said I really don't have enough room but I said bring them on I said I wouldn't turn them down it's not even unusual for childless aunts and uncles to be given babies from large families the strong traditional family bonds of the community have made this tradition work my name is Bud Jones I'm 21 years old I'm a 1 half degree Cherokee Indian and I live on the snowboard reservation I have a 10mon old daughter I just got myself a house the snowbird Community is just one big family you know everybody has their you know their squabbles and their deces but when something happens to a particular person everybody pulls together and helps them out but my cousin he had a bad car wreck a few weeks ago and they're going to have a singing for them and they always have some kind of benefit singing or something to help out the family whenever there's hospital bills or anytime something happens like when a family member dies everybody brings the family groceries and whatever they need for the household that way they won't have to worry about it and they can concentrate on the person who's passed on in a small community you see your cousin all the time but you really don't do anything with them you don't you see them every you know day and do things with them but when the time that you really need them they come through for you and I think that that really is something that the ches did in the past it was when it was time to build a home everybody pitched in and that's when they always said that to g g the g g tradition of Free Labor of community members helping each other in work gangs has faded away but its Spirit has not when the crisis arise we'll come to the aid of one another even though the free labor does not exist anymore but the days of Crisis here in the family we still come together and stand one another matter regardless whatever it may be in former times purification ceremonies in our Rivers purged past grudges and cleansed bitter Spirits Harmony was kept in obedience to the command of our blessed Lord and Savior we baptized this our brother in the name of the father in the name of the son and the name of the Holy Ghost our Cherokee ritual of going to water also helped ease our transition to Christianity missionaries began to preach to them in the 18th century by 1818 only two Cherokees had converted to Christianity but today most of snowbird is devoutly Baptist in the 1830s chief yonaguska of the Eastern band refused to let missionaries circulate among our people until they had translated ated the gospel of Matthew for him when he heard the translation he remarked it seems to be a good book strange that the white people are not better after having had it so long one of the biggest things that isn't pointed out very much is the religion of the Indian they were very religious they live the religion whereas a white man only spoke it and this was one of the bad problems of why the two peoples could never really get together the one didn't understand and the other didn't ask a former Warchief who had signed peace treaties with George Washington reflected the belief of many Cherokees when he told missionaries that the Bible the Great Book of the whites was the source of the white man's Wisdom and knowledge when the great father created men he had a great book he offered it to the red dead men and bed them to read from it but they could not then he offered it to the whites and they were able to read from it at once this is why the whites know so much George guess given his English name at Birth grew up in a full-blooded Cherokee Community his Cherokee name was sequa the man who single-handedly created for his people a phonetic method to write the Cherokee language the syarit when it was perfected and made public in 1821 Sequoya hoped his silary would be a major force in preserving Cherokee Heritage and religion the syllabary assigned one character for each of the 86 sounds in the Cherokee language this written expression gave the Cherokees a new faith in themselves and a power beyond themselves his achievement helped preserve my people's language and strengthen their pride within weeks any native speaker could become literate a great part of the Cherokees are reading and writing in their own language the knowledge of Mr guess's alphabet is spreading through the nation like fire among leaves Reverend William Chamberlain 1824 the syber is very much alive today Jim Welsh and Tom belt are Cherokee language teachers at the elementary school in the town of Cherokee center of the Eastern band so let's let's go to the second one 22 Cherokees want white paper how do you say 2 T is going to come first right down T next one the people of the Eastern band and the uh parents of students who go here have recognized the importance in at this particular time in history of uh preserving what culture they have left with this New Concept with this new approach to what they're doing they are recognizing the value of their culture the value of their language and how much it means to uh their identity a lot of times I would ask my dad dad you're fluent Cherokee but why didn't you teach us how to speak Cherokee he came back to me and and he said um I remembered what I had to go through and I didn't want that for you I didn't want that to happen to you I can't blame my dad earlier generation of Cherokees including her father and his grandfather before him had to attend the Indian School in Cherokee run by the bureo of Indian Affairs we went to government schools and they wouldn't allow us to talk our own language that really took a lot out of some but some they still clean to their Heritage when you're in the white man's world and when you under his jurisdiction you know I just you know you just about to do what they tell you it's just like being in military service you know uh it's it was the same way when I was in uh Armed Forces you know at times you know we I had some Cherokee buddies you know and we speak choke once a while about the first sergeant he wouldn't allow that so you got to do you got to follow the rules you know whatever but when you get home then you're on your own then we go to uh doing what uh uh what our ways are I'm Richard Crow my grandparents great great grandparents known down they would say we have always been here we were always here uh there was a time there was a period when uh the medicine man he came pretty often to to the house off the hill over there walking down a trail uh to the house his name we called Shou he'd bring some some herb uh some some medicine we walked out to the creek now I I know that the creek had more crickets so he took the more this Cricket then then he said he said stick out your tongue I did that and he he put He put scratches with the claws of the the motor Cricket for seven times on my tongue and then and then he announced he said you will be the Sameer in the late 50s early 60s and and I did ter work I went to New York Studio 1 CBS Roy Bridges is American Primitive I've been making B since I was small M Mama used to make baset that's why we live don't far back he was away working out you know with the company but he didn't make much and he had to pay R and R so he didn't make much didn't bring home much I just made baskets raise my boys we couldn't see no white people around here was see the wood this little spot in here and there's a few houses that's and that's where I used to farm down in into the bottom a Big Field if it wasn't for Santa Claus or those tabin and I'd have been by the road by L but I just quit not enough work not enough money in the eyes of European whites America's land was a commodity to be used and exploited to Native Americans land was shared communally by their tribe like the new white settlers the Cherokees were primarily Farmers yet the settlers believe that Indians were simply tenants at will upon the landscape of America and should be removed when in the way of progress this was not the inclusive vision of America shared by Washington and Jefferson and other founding fathers that all men are created equal endowed by their creator with certain inalienable rights yet within 50 years most white Americans replaced these values of the Age of Enlightenment with those of the Romantic age assured that whites were a superior race with a special mission to save the world Ironically in 1803 it was Jefferson who who first suggested the ideal solution to the Indian question their removal to distant Western lands this new road being built through the National Forest near Snowbird will make the area more accessible to tourists Alfred Welsh Foreman on the road project is a Vietnam veteran of the 101st Airborne and is proud to Cherokee he and his wife mayel have raised their son to be fluent in his native tongue Hunter Welsh is snowb Bird's youngest speaker of Cherokee all the Indians ought to know how to speak their own language a lot of them don't see it that way I know I'd be embarrassed the whole lot if I didn't know my own language I was raised up that's all I know how to talk till I started school that's what my grandpa was believed in too I guess I just believe the way he does this new road Alfred's helping to build will also create a link to the Telo Tennessee area the sites of several extin Cherokee towns which are now permanently inaccessible in the 1930s and 40s the first two dams were built in the area creating a job boom where jobs have always been scarce clearing land with a team of horses is an old mountain tradition but with the dams men work 10hour days for a dollar and were glad for the work my dad even walked to sanle Dam from snowburn and work I don't know how they done it first Alcoa aluminum's Dam on the sanla creek created Lake sanla which Snowbird borders today next came the massive Fontana Dam begun in 1940 when only one tractor existed in all of Graham County built as a priority in the war effort to increase aluminum output it became a major employer for for those not already in the armed forces in 1979 the Tennessee Valley authorities Telo Lake permanently submerged the site of the Sacred Cherokee Town of aota dam construction was delayed over the environmental fate of the snail Darter fish not the early Town sites sacred to the Cherokee yet before it was flooded John Green a local archaeologist who had been raised by Cherokees found the site and LED an excavation there to us it was something that should have been preserved definitely in honor of the Cherokee People of course many promises were made concerning its preservation but none were kept based on the writings of Lieutenant Henry Timberlake who wrote in 1762 at the time that he visited the Cherokees we knew definitely that we were on the right spot I had a sense of feeling I'd already been there it had been so vividly described to me until there were the mountains just as had been described there was the bend of the river just has been described so when we discovered the uh entrance to the council house as I stated then we began looking for the U of oand stoda and sure enough there was a rectangular shaped bual this was a European burial with the body laid straight unlike the Cherokee tradition of placing the dead in a fetal position in the 1730s the British were seeking powerful Chiefs who could speak for all Cherokees even though in reality none did okan stoa a powerful Warchief was one of several taken to England to meet the king gesto was given a pair of eyeglasses because of his poor eyesight by the king of England so near the midsection of the legs there was the eyasses hota was the capital of the Cherokee Nation hota was not only the focal point of business and religious transaction but it was a city of peace anyone that entered the boundaries of Hoda were safe regardless of crime that they might have committed at aota they had no jails they had no Sheriff they had nothing to keep order like we have today but the point is every Indian acted on his honor with the help of these Snowbird youths who worked on the dig the memory of a cha will live on Native American traditions are also helping some young Indians overcome addictions to drugs and alcohol Native Americans are being treated for alcoholism or drug abuse sweat houses and it's a powerful sacred place when you go through that you're considered to be a center of the universe I'm Lloyd Al and I work here at a center that uh where we treat children that are addicted to drugs and alcohol you the kids are our children are from maybe 10 to 21 years old and a lot of the kids uh that are in treatment centers uh with this disease a lot of them will be dead before they're 20 years old a lot of people's statistic come from certain places that say that one in four would be dead before they're 20 years old bill developed Alcohol Anonymous uh it just seems that a lot of the ways of uh having circles or group meetings or telling your problems with a community or a group uh seems a lot like what uh Native Americans to do many years ago to to solve problems or to talk about it with the tribe we use what we call the medicine wheel concept kind of a wheel with the for directions in young people especially they might have a problem understanding 12 steps and here at the medicine whe they can have a better concept to be able to understand more about what the 12 steps are about snowbirds in a dry county of North Carolina but the kids here are well aware of the dangers of alcohol Melvin Wacha dreams of being a movie star he's already a appeared as an extra in several Hollywood features including last of the micans I used to want to drink all the time and stuff and now I feel bad to I don't I don't want kids to see me walking around drinking I don't want I don't want to have that kind of cuz they if they're looking up to me and they see me walking around drinking well he's been in the movies and and he's doing this and this is cool you know it's not so I don't want to be out walking around you know drinking in front of them or anything like that give them a bad I want to look good good to them I want them you know say I want to be like Melvin or and be a good image to them because they do look up to me and what I'd really like to do is further my uh acting career and get real deep into it and maybe be able to give them something you know come back and give these kids something like build them a gym snowbirds always had great athletes many of them getting their start here at the community center which doubles as a gym they were 13- two last year and were state champions had a great football team but we're looking for a good year this year the kids have been working hard good attitude and everything and uh looking really looking forward to a great season in the last few years seems like there's been a great bunch of Indian athletes and uh thank goodness we've got a good part of them out here right now I was an athlete our family were you know most of them were athletes and so we got along well Robinsville being the school it is I mean they really stress a lot on the athletic program so if you're an athlete you're one of them you know that's how we fit in so we were one of them we were accepted and everybody liked us and but you take some of those Indian kids that didn't participate in athletic Pro they were just pushed a sh aside there's we've got Indian kids now that aren't even eligible to be playing football because they're grades or they're attendance and mark my word this fall little beyond the team because they're such good athletes now I know that the things that they taught me in high school they didn't teach me anything they didn't teach me English they didn't prepare me to go to college they didn't prepare me for life they didn't do anything except my use my athletic skills and that's how I got promoted every year some of our kids struggle a little bit but uh we're trying to work on that and try to get their get their grades up whatever you know sometimes it's as a as an athletes you know sometimes they kind of don't study as much they should but we're trying to do some things to work on that and whatever and you know and stress importance which I'm sure they have a p too Lou Jones's younger son Brandy was one of the stars of the Robinsville High state championship football team in college to be a pharmacist he's now working a summer job with a Forest Service he's determined to be a leader probably 60% of the team were you know made up with the turkey athletes and you hear remarks hear comments and basically you know that's just kind of like a driving force for me I've always been determined to prove somebody wrong about something like that so kind of wanting to go into Pharmacy you know getes me a good Edge so I'll be able to come back and you know set a good example there's a lot of people that talk but basically through your actions that's you know that's how you become a leaders politics in the Eastern band revolves around the tribal council the tribal roles include full Bloods and barely blooded most of the latter are often called White Indians they share a tribal council representative with Snowbird and live in the adjoining County of Cherokee Cherokee County we we have very few traditional people out of our population of uh say 5 or 600 people we have maybe 12 or 15 that are over a half degre chery we have been what we call isolated from the rest of the reservation uh we're not we're not as familiar with the cultures and traditions of the Cherokees because our people down here have uh moved away from the reservation for work or education and so uh we're resented because we don't uh keep close ties with the tribe white people claim to be Indian help the Indian people instead of being Indian people when you're not and uh I feel like your blood has run out if you want to be with Indian people work with Indian people and help them out everywhere you can help them not keep taking it cheating our Indian full-blooded Indian people non-indian people have said um especially the men will say marry an Indian woman and you get get a free house marry an Indian woman and you'll get free medical services and free you know just a lot of freebies you get a monthly check and so forth and so on and I know that a lot a lot of the elderly such as my grandmother remembers being told the government will take care of you and that that has caused or created a dependency but now there's there's talk now among the community and I've been approached that well we have to take care of our own we have to do what we can to buy insurance health insurance life and burial insurance because we're not going to be taken care of anymore the promises that were made back in the days of removal are no longer Jim Welsh Lou's husband defeated Glenda Sanders in this tribal election for one of the council seats it was a hard-fought campaign although this Council seat must represent both the traditional community of snowbird and the White Indians of tatla each group tends to vote for its own a bigger voter turnout in Snowbird than in Cherokee County assured Jim's Victory but the political tension between the two communities is always present AB Wacha is the other council member representing both Snowbird and Cherokee County this year I think the biggest issue this year is our gaming our gaming issue uh people may not see it as much here in snowber simply because we're not the tourist town as Cherokee is but we reap the benefit when they get it if our game and if our compact could ever be signed by the state of North Carolina then we could realize the most of them benefits then you'd have more services then you'd have people that could you know you could create jobs that way I think they're looking at 6,000 jobs in Cherokee if we could get that gaming Compact signed and be able to be going into the casino Market Cherokee wasn't always what you you see it is today it started building up after the late 50s in the last 20 years the growth of this community has expanded enormously to accommodate the tourism which is our economy here when the tourists come here and they are very much disillusioned that the Cherokee don't live in teps well the Cherokee never did one can find on the streets of Cherokee Cherokee men dressed in regalia that looks like the war Bonnets and the like that you see in the John Wayne Hollywood movies of cowboys and Indians and these headdresses are of the PLS Indian style well this is what the people that come here think that the Indian looks like so the Cherokee will dress up like that the tourist will have a picture made and they will make money some people say that come in will downgrade the Cherokee man who is doing that and say that he's selling himself down the road for his own people his own culture and uh they don't realize that what it is is it's nothing more than Street theatrics other tourist attractions in Cherokee are historically accurate like the Aon lofty village where traditional crafts are made and visitors can learn that Cherokees did indeed live in wooden houses rather than the tepes of the Plains Indian by the early 1800s a few Cherokees in Northwest Georgia were living like wealthy whites as inke Keepers and even as slaveholding plantation owners Chief James vanan was both this was his Tavern once a popular way station for whites on the frontier it was near his Trading Post on the kosuga river and this was his home half white and known for his explosive and violent temper van owned over a hundred black slaves and once burned alive one who escaped forcing other slaves to witness the murder in 1809 van himself was murdered in a brawl the financial success of Cherokees like van and their ability to excel in business Pursuits was a greater threat to White settlers than their fears real and imagined of Indian savagery during the 1820s not far from the van Plantation in Northwest Georgia the Cherokees created a new town new aota constant losses of their tribal lands at the hands of whites LED them to create a Cherokee Nation from the remaining lands whose Center had been pushed 200 miles Southwest from the Carolinas new aota was designed to be the capital of this new nation it was a determined effort to prove to the whites that they were quite capable of handling their own Affairs this new formal nation was even modeled after the United States with a constitution a legisl and a supreme court and we were powerful we were very powerful we were very intell ENT you know we had our own language schools newspapers everything and we we were always very intelligent being Cherokee today is very hard who Who Am I who really am I am I Cherokee or am I am I am I not Cherokee am I a non- Indian what's going to be the basis of my decision here which way am I going to go I still have struggles with the mound ceremony is an ancient Cherokee right when my people came to meet for an important occasion everyone brought a turtle shell of dirt from their home and added it to the SA fire Mound as the ceremony ended over time the meeting Mound grew with the power of past meetings in Snowbird this ceremony now opens the annual fading voices ceremony which commemorates the community's elders and celebrates Cherokee ways and traditions we have a little far going and it's made of different types of farwood and the Seven Trips that we make around the mound represents the Seven Clans the clan system has largely died Out Among the Eastern band but like most Native American Clans it once maintained a matrilineal social system where family lineages were passed on through mothers rather than fathers and members were forbidden to marry within their clan on special occasions like the fading voices Gathering Cherokee women and make traditional foods like Hony corn Chestnut bread and bean dumplings flute making is another traditional craft being revived here in Snowbird by Billy Welsh who finds a demand for his flutes in the Galleries and shops of ball playing is an Old Cherokee sport which is still played during the annual Fall Festival held every year in Cherokee it was once a major Cherokee social occasion where young men could demonstrate their physical daring stamina and skill like all elements of Cherokee life traditional ball playing had spiritual meaning and once required intense spiritual preparation and purification including sexual abstinence and a scratching ceremony to purify the blood for each player prior to every game ball playing was once used to settle disputes within the tribe when I was going up they would have a land dispute or something like that they go to Ballfield back then when they have a land dispute that's how they settle ball in the 19th century Cherokee students at Mission School schools were often forbidden to even attend ball plays for fear that they would be corrupted by the gambling drinking coarse language and the fact that players were quote practically naked another Cherokee tradition fading but still held by some concerns the existence of little people small bands of elusive elf-sized beings who live in the mountains and sometimes come in contact with both children and adults all I've ever heard about people they related to them as being in the mountains or the woods and I've always heard of people having little people as far as cheres and that including everybody all the cheres that little girl youngest girl used to be behind the house and play and then play with dolls and stuff and my wife said sh every night and she' look at the window back window and she'd see that girl playing in there just like she was talking to somebody her just walking around to talking you know just just like she would you like me and you talking but she'd come in tell her mom that said I got a friend out there said he comes down every evening when I'm playing out there we play together and uh we asked her then what it was they said it was one of little people and I forget what she named it you know but she knows it and she Tau it before and said they she come down there every time play said he asked what kind of clothes does he want we he said he wears old clothes and got a long pointed hat on those two has no idea she said it's just for curiosity's sake you know they were creatures that were created by our creator and they just weren't they were to be held with respect and not and there was no purpose that she could remember that she was ever told but just to always treat them with respect when they were nearby and she told me that you could you knew when they were nearby because you could smell there was an aroma of uh fresh cucumbers or watermelon and when that Aroma you smell the aroma it wafted through them you knew they were nearby in the rocks and I remember one night we were playing and everybody was visiting at our house and we had a pretty big porch and I could remember all the adults sitting there and uh several times they would holler down at us and say don't get too loud now you know the Little People's going to play with you meaning they were going to join you and at some point or other they there was a little person that started playing with us and we were playing a game that was similar to Ring Around the Rosie and this little person was just going around and around with us and nobody was afraid and nobody said anything nobody talked about him or nobody asked him who he was or nothing and as quietly as he came he left a lot of the younger people don't believe like that you know more like the old people do but I the old people still believe in that stuff real strong I believe it belief in Jesus is very strong in Snowbird today with a population of under 400 people the community supports four Baptist Churches there was a very strong Baptist uh tradition among the Christians in the Cherokee and then when the Trail of Tears came the the ministers went with the Indians who were forced out by the criminal activity of the US government and they went along and identified and were part of that so that's why the Baptist traditions in Oklahoma as well as Cherokee have continued because they weren't sort of fake Christians but they were real you know involved with the people and and part of the society as well as just part of the church Samuel wer was 27 years old when he came to new aota in 1825 from Boston for the American Board of Commissioners for foreign missions this was his home in the Cherokee Capital where he helped lead the fight against removal he was arrested by the Georgia guard in 1831 and imprisoned for 18 months for refusing to take an oath of allegiance to the state of Georgia a strong supporter of the Cherokee Nation he and another missionary found themselves at the center of a National Power struggle between the states and the federal government Georgia refused to recognize Cherokee claims to their land while John Marshall Chief Justice of the United States Supreme Court did former Indian fighter and now President Andrew Jackson whose life had once been saved in the Creek Indian War by Cherokee Chief junaluska chose to ignore the Court's ruling Jackson wrote to a friend the decision of the court has fell stillborn when gold had been discovered several years earlier on Cherokee land Georgia immediately forbade Indian access to it when Cherokee claims on Georgia land were no longer recognized Georgia held a state lottery carving up the Cherokee Nation into Parcels for whites these are some of those lottery tickets which randomly gave away 160 acre plots of Indian Land while it was still occupied by the Cherokees themselves if you would be misbehaving or doing something that you shouldn't be doing or saying things that you shouldn't be saying that some times the um the elders or the adults or whoever was around would say you're acting like a white person the Cherokee have for many decades done what they call the booger dance and it's a mockery dance so it's a mockery of the white the black the Oriental and tribes other than Cherokee the frustrations that had been pent up in them by these natural acts that these other people had done then they could act these out and in a more exaggerated way they would then show to the elders and the young people especially this is not how you behave when you go somewhere this is not what you should do in public we weren't discovered we were U stolen upon Pond and our our our identity was stolen and they were trying to change something that they had no right to mess with you know let's let's quit you you know let's stop you know thinking that the Indian are there for just a handout you know who started giving out handouts we didn't ask for them we didn't ask the government to do these things to us you know we didn't ask them to do anything they wanted us to be part of this Society but they forgot one thing they forgot to show us how there times they a little hurt in the ending ending feeling you know just what the white man done to him they a little hurt sometime but that passes that passes and we just fellowship with one another just like you and him and everybody else all these things are pass and forgotten but these times it comes back just a little bit you know but when we get to thinking about it you know All Is Forgiven go ahead the stop with the that means I had to follow whatever the end and ways were where won run out you know in this modern time I realize the tricky language is dying out but I think if we can all just work together and to help these kids and and tell them the history of it of the tures I think if they can keep that in her heart I think that's the most important thing every year we go to the mountains and you know we love the woods and Mom she just always has a couple of favorite spots she likes to go to there's your Rams put them in your bag good girl I think bud and I both are trying real hard to keep these Traditions going it's a lot of work in the learning Traditional Values it's not something I can just tell you and you know you have to learn it know it firsthand for in ancient times a conjurer stole the sacred fire and transformed it into tiny white crystals that held the future when the crystals were held they burst into flames and showed the way of the future a Cherokee Warrior sent to retrieve the flame threw Tobacco on it creating a huge Fireball which destroyed The Conjurer and carried the sacred flame back to his people the sacred flame still Burns in our hearts e for

  Top Comments:
  1. @LogicBohemian625 [2 likes]: My great grandfather was put through a native boarding school. He was a man of few words and a serious face all of the time. His mother, my great great grandmother was the same way. Tough as could be. I had the privilege of knowing both of them. They lived to be near 100 years old.
  2. @EmilieIRISALLEN [1 likes]: Queens CAM RUO RIO COMPLETE SERIES ORPHANS WIN DOWS SAS SAD SASQUATCH SASSYS MELO 🤠🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🤠🤠🤠🤠🥳🥳🥳 GLORIA DRQ SEQ QUINTON TONI TAMILS MIKAS MIKASA MI CASA CARA VANS BANKS RANKS 🙏🙏🙏 IT RED YELLOW TONES STONES SACRED SCARED SILOS TUDES TIDES RH EAS EASTERS BUZZARDS FOR 447228 RICES RAUN 🧰🧰🧰🧰🧰🧰 JONI NONI NAM NEAL TORNS FLAT ROUNDS DISCS DEPTHS 🔮🔮🔮🔮🔮🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠🥠 CAVES SPRINGS ♨️♨️♨️♨️♨️♨️♨️ NISSI MISSONS MELTONA SAA SARI 🥻🥻🥻🥻 GREAT OWLS BOWLS TRNS JJD JD DJS SKAS SMATH LAM BURTS SCREETH OWLS TIMES TILES CURLY 🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤🖤 AD DC CD SERIAL LA🛑🛑🛑🪑🚏🪑🚏🪑🪨💕🪨💕💕🪨🪨💕💕🪨🖤💕😃😄😄😛😛😌🙂☺️🙂☺️😗😗☺️😗😍😉😍😉🤩🥹🥹🥹🫡🥹🫡🫡🤬🤬🥺🫡😑😔😬😔🫠😔🫠😌🙃😔🙃👤👤❤️‍🩹👥❤️‍🩹💕❤️‍🩹❤️‍🩹🖤🖤💖🖤💖🖤🖤💖💗🎉❤️❤️💗😻😻💫😻🌞💫💫🌞🌞💫👹😺👹🙊👹🙊👹👽😺👾☠️👽🤑👽🤑👽🤑👽🤑🩷🩷💖🩷💖💝🩶💝🖤💝🖤💝🎉🎉👤👤👣💕👣💕👣🩶👣🩶🩶🩶🩶👀👀👀👁️👁️🦠👁️🦠🦠👁️🙌🙌🙌🫶👎👃👃👃🩸🩸🫶🫶🫶🫶🫶🦶🦶🦶🦶🦴🫦🦴🫦🦴🫦🦠🫦🩸🫦💋🫀💋💞🫀👆🤳👆🤳💅💅💅👆👆🤏👆🤏👆🤏👆✋🤞✋🤞🤘🤘🫰🤟🫰🤟🫷🫷🤟🫷🫱🫱🫷🫴🫷🫷🫴🫷🫳🫷👊🫷👊👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨👨‍❤️‍💋‍👨👩‍❤️‍💋‍👩💑💑👯👯💃💃🕴️🧔🧔🧔🧔👶👶🕴️🧒🧒🌼🌼🌼🥀🥀🍄🍄💐💐💐💐🏵️🏵️🌹🏵️🥀🥀🏵️🌋🌋🪨🪨🪺🪺🪺🪹🪹🪹🌲⛈️🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌀🌝🌝🌚🌚🌚🌜🌛🌛⭐🌛🌛🌛🌛🌈🌈🌈🌈🌡️🌡️🔥🔥🔥🔥🏖️🪺🪺🪺🪺🌡️🌋🌋🏖️🌋🏜️🏜️🏖️🌬️🌚🌚🌚🌌🌌🌌🌌🌎🌎🌑🌑🌒🌒🌒🌒🌒🌒🌞🌞🌞🌈🌈🌈🌊🌊🔥🔥🔥🔥🏖️🏖️🏞️🏞️🌋🌋🌋☔🌓🌓🦁🦁🐹🐹🐰🐰🐰🙈🙉🙉🙊🙊🐵🐵🐵🙈🙈🙈🪐🪐🪐🪐🪐🌎💫🌎☀️🌎☀️🌞🌝🌟🌝🐼🐼🐼🦓🦓🫎🦕🦕🦕🐢🐢🐢🐊🐉🐉🐉🐇🦎🐇🦎🐇🐮🐮🐲🐮🐲🐻🐻🐄🐂🐂🐂🐑🫏🐏🫏🐏🐎🐎🐎🐏🦖🦖🦖🦓🦓🐽🐽🐽🐽🐴🐴🐻‍❄️🐻‍❄️🦍🦍🦍🐫🐫🐫🐆🐆🦧🦌🦌🦘🦘🦘🦏🦣🦣🐆🦌🦆🦆🦆🦃🦃🦤🦈🦈🐋🐳🐳🐳🐠🐡🐡🦐🦞🦐🪼🪼🪼🪼🪸🪸🪸🪸🕷️🦤🦈🦈🐣🐣🐣🐣🦆🦆🕊️🕊️🕊️🐅🐅🐒🐒🐒🦍🦧🦧🦧🦧🐠🐡🪲🪰🐜🪰🐌🪳🐚🐚🪳🍎🍎🍎🍎🍎🥭🥭🍓🍓🍓🍒🍒🥝🥝🥝🫐🫐🍋🍋🍋🍇🍠🍠🍠🫐🫚🍏🍏🍏🍎🍎🍎🍉🍑🍑🍊🍿🧁🧁🧁🥮🥮🍘🍘🦞🦞🦞🦞🍚🍚🍚🍸🍸🥢🫗🥢🥃🍶🍶🍾🍶🍾🍾🍶🍾🍶🥛🥛🍷🍼🍼🍵🛞🛞🛞⛽⛽⛽🛞🚨🛞🚧🛞🚧🛞🛴🛴🦼🦼🚇🚇🚇🦼🚏🦽🚏🦽🏍️🏍️🚗🚓🚓🚓🚚🚚🚚🛺🚏🚏🦼🛑🛑🦼🚧🚧🛟🚧🛟🚃🚃🚂🚑🚑🚑🚑🚒🚚🏎️🏎️🚚🏍️🚌⛪🗻🏛️🏛️🗿🗿🗿🛶⛵🚟🚟⛴️⛵🏟️🏟️🏟️🏯🕌🕌🗼🗼🗼🗼🗼🌇🌇🌉🏙️🌉🏙️🌉⛱️⛱️⛱️🏤🎈🎈🎂🎀🎁🎇🎇🎇🎉🎉🎊🎊🪅🪅🪅🪅🥇🥇🥈🥈🥉🏅🎍🎍🎍🎗️🎗️🥇🥈🥈🎏🎏🎏🎏🧧🧧🎊🎊🎂🎂🎁🎇🎆🗾🗾🌃🌉🌆🏙️🌉🏙️🌉🌉🏙️🏥⛱️⛱️🏤🏤🏤🏤🏤🛖⚾⚾🏀🏀⚽⚽🎃🎃🎃🎃🪔🎑🎑🧧🎑🧧🎑🧧🎑🧧🕹️🪀🪀🕹️🪀🕹️🕹️🀄🕹️🖍️🖍️🎩🖍️🎩🎩🖌️🎩🎲🏓🎩🎩🎩🎩🎩🎩🎩🎩📀📀💿💿💿📞🔌☎️💻☎️💽📱📱📱☎️☎️🪒🪒🪒🥻🧤👗🦺⛑️⛑️⛑️👑👑👑👑🧥🩲🩲🩲🩳👕👕🧰🧰🪓🪓📡🪓📡🪓🔬🔭🪓🩹⚗️🖊️🖊️🖊️🔗🔗⛏️⛏️🛠️🛠️🧲🪝🔭🔭🔭🪓🪓🪓⚗️⚗️🧫🩺🧪🧪🩺💉🩺🩺💉🥾👠☂️🕶️☂️🕶️☂️🕶️🗂️🗂️📋📁📋📘📫📙📫📘🏷️📁🗞️📁📁📰📊📁📊📁📊📁🗄️📁🗒️📯🗓️📢🗓️⏲️⏲️📆📜🗓️📜🔊⚔️🔊⚔️🔊⚔️⚔️🔊⚔️🔊⚔️🔊⚔️🔊📜📜🔊🔊🧿🛡️🛡️🧿🧿🧿🧿⚰️⚰️⚱️⚱️🏺🏺🪤🪤🔮🔮🔮🔮🚬🚬💣⚱️⚱️⚱️⚱️🔓🔓🔊🔍🔉🔊⌛⌛📆📆⌛📆⌛🟫🟧🟫🟧🟤🧡🟤🩶🟤♣️♣️♎♍♥️🩶🩵💜🩷❤️💜🟥💜🟧🟪🟧🟪🟧🟦🔵🟠🔵🔴🔵🔴🟣💭❔♀️🗯️♂️💭💭♀️💭♓💭♓💭♓⛎♀️❗💭🚯⁉️❕⁉️⁉️❕♓♓♏♊♏♊🩷🩷🩷🩵🩶♥️♦️♦️🟨🟪🟨🟪🟥🟪🟥🆎🆎🛑🅱️🛑🅱️🆘🆘🆘🆘🆘🆘🈶🈶🈶🈺🈺🈹♨️♨️🅰️🛑🅰️🛑🅰️🛑🅱️🅱️🛑↘️↘️↕️⤴️↔️⤴️↔️⤴️↔️↔️⤴️🆕🆕🆖🆖🆕🆕🔢🆕7️⃣🆕7️⃣🆒🆕🏧🏧🚾🚾🕉️🕉️☸️☸️☸️☸️☯️☯️☯️☯️💟💟♿♿🚼🚼🛄🛄🏧🏧3️⃣🔟4️⃣9️⃣5️⃣9️⃣9️⃣6️⃣🇪🇷🇪🇷🇫🇯🇪🇷🇪🇷🇨🇿🇪🇷🇩🇪🇪🇷🇩🇬🇪🇸🇦🇫🇦🇫🇦🇱🇦🇱🎌🏳️🏳️🏳️🚩🏴🏴🏴🏴🏴🏁🏁🏁🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈🇦🇷🇦🇷🇦🇲🏳️‍⚧️🇦🇷🇦🇷🏳️‍⚧️🇦🇩🇦🇩🇦🇶🇧🇻🇧🇯🇭🇺🇭🇺🇮🇷🇮🇹🇮🇹🇭🇲🇬🇵🇬🇩🇪🇺🇪🇺🇪🇺🇪🇺🇱🇾🇱🇾🇱🇸🇱🇸🇰🇷🇰🇷🇱🇨🇱🇨🇸🇷🇸🇷🇸🇸🇸🇹🇸🇳🇹🇷🇸🇻🇸🇿🇸🇻🇸🇿🇸🇹🇸🇾🇸🇻🇸🇹🇸🇱🇸🇧🇸🇹🇸🇨🇶🇦🇷🇪🇶🇦🇶🇦🇵🇰🇵🇰🇵🇰🇹🇹🇸🇾🇸🇾🇹🇭🇸🇾🇹🇭🇸🇱🏴🏴🏴🏴🏴🏴🏴®️®️®️©️©️©️◼️👁️‍🗨️👁️‍🗨️👁️‍🗨️👁️‍🗨️👁️‍🗨️👁️‍🗨️✡️✡️🆔🆔🕉️☯️🕉️☯️⚛️☯️☯️💟☯️💟☯️♿☪️♿🛂🛂🛃🕉️🕉️🛃🛐🛃🛄Ⓜ️Ⓜ️🛄🚾🚹🚹5️⃣5️⃣9️⃣9️⃣4️⃣9️⃣3️⃣9️⃣3️⃣9️⃣3️⃣9️⃣😊😊😊😊😊
  3. @jamesgeorge960 [1 likes]: It turns out that i was related to George Guess aka Sequoyah i was surprised about that cause he is my distant cousin
  4. @AdolfoHerrera-hj9cj: Man that story about the little people gave me chills. I seen this little evil spirit that would try to play with me and is so mean sometimes. Lol i know i sound crazy but after 11 years this thing still won't leave me alone. Those spirits are pretty cool and pretty fun but dont get to caught up in that realm cause there is great evil in that world. Hahah 😅 too bad spirits and things like that is strange to talk about nowadays. But remember God is the almighty
  5. @rickylee93274: I'm about 5/32 Cherokee. I have so much info on ancestry about that side, my great grandfather had that Indian name Kun nun Ake gua" or Sam Butler Sr.
  6. @RichardSaterfield: Directions
  7. @RichardSaterfield: Another words everybody needs to get a job get some employment
  8. @RichardSaterfield: The days of the Iroquois the days of the main thing days of the Algonquin has to come to an abrupt ending and man needs to choose you this day who you going to serve
  9. @EmilieIRISALLEN: Esk KOM MOKI KIMD NFS JDJ JD ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😂😊🎉😅😅🎉😅🎉😅😢😅😅😅🎉😅😅😅😅❤😅❤❤😅❤😅😅❤😅🎉🎉😢😢❤❤😅❤😊❤😊
  10. @EmilieIRISALLEN: BLK 💵💵💵💵💵💵 BULLS SKY SKULLS EASTERNS EASTRAS OUST TAN JC NF MDKD CHAPTER THREE TRIOMS TRIPS TRIOS DREALS STEALS STEAKS HOUSERS WHERES THE 🍖🍖🍖🍖🍖🍖🍖🍖 HEROS AND HEROINESS SCREAM SCREENS SAVED 🍧?🍨?🍨🍨🍨🍧 TOMBSTONE 🍨 DISC 🍨 GOLF ⛳⛳⛳⛳⛳⛳⛳⛳😂😂😂😂😮😮❤😮❤😮❤😮❤ DORKS 🍧 FORKS ⛳ BLOWERS ⛳ GLOW ⛳ RICHARD ⛳ CROWNED 💒💍💍💍 MEDIEVAL CINES CIRCUS SIDE SHOWMS SJ I KDSK MDMD KODAKS 🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻🐻 BILLS BJORKS BJORNS NORMALS BATEE WHITES CHOCO LATES FATES GATES BASIC WHITE PLUG FEMALED RED WITH FRECKLES FREAKS DAMES DUKES LF LAZAR LAST PASTPASTA BUSTAS SLIMES LAZ ZAR MAMS 😂😊😂😂😊😂😊😊😊❤❤😊❤😊
  11. @EmilieIRISALLEN: Diamond SQUASH SAMSONS CELERY NRA GK NF DM MMFD ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  12. @CristinaF210: beautiful beautiful beautiful people, who respect and nurture nature never taking more than they need, such high spirits they are, 
never lose your tradition never lose your language, 
they cant take from you what they dont understand
much love from Portugal ♥♥♥
  13. @michaeleemccurry675: Lived up in there for seven years. It was so peaceful.
  14. @KristenMitchelle: Love all y'all. God bless you!! ❤ ✝️ 🕊
  15. @ElizabethHurtado-py8ur: 🇸🇦
  16. @ElizabethHurtado-py8ur: 🇺🇲🐢🐾👣🐃🧺💋🇦🇪
  17. @dcr6389: The Cherohala Skyway runs through the Snowbird Mountains from Tellico Plains, TN to Robbinsville, NC, there is no more beautiful place on earth
  18. @Cattrez: SENECA TRIBE 💪
  19. @Cattrez: THE WHITE MAN TOOK IT AL, FROM YALL EVEN THE SONGS AND DANCES
  20. @eliwahuhi: Wooo! 


Melvin is hot. He has a video where he dances a war dance.

- South Georgia - Penguin Paradise of the South Atlantic | Free Documentary Nature: Kind: captions Language: en not far from antarctica a vast mountainous island looms exposed to the storms of the southern ocean inhospitable and hostile but still an annual destination for millions of penguins [Music] for their chicks the first summer is crucial and perilous enough while winter presents the greatest challenge of their lives year after year they return to south georgia the city of penguins one of the largest animal gatherings on earth far from europe between the southern tips of south africa and south america and only 1 000 kilometers north of the antarctic the island of south georgia towers up out of the sea it's the very top of an underwater mountain range as big as the spanish island of majorca september late winter on south georgia winds of up to 180 kilometers an hour temperatures under -15 degrees celsius for months thousands of king penguin chicks have been waiting for their parents in a vast juvenile colony in winter the penguins fishing grounds lie far away from the island it won't be long before the youngster's last fat reserves are used up if the parents don't get back in time the little ones will starve the first breeding birds have already gathered on an old whaling ship south georgia shags live here the whole year round they build their nests in ice and snow breeding early in the year so the offspring are fully fledged by next winter in contrast to the shags king penguins take a very long time to reach adulthood they only start fishing at one and a half years old for now they go to kindergarten without supervision however at the end of winter the first elephant seals are appearing at the coast there's still enough living space but that's going to change pretty soon a good spot on the beach guarantees female attention whoever already has one defends it ferociously in these contests over seven tons meet each other head to head as many as 60 females make up a harem the bull assertively puts the newcomer to flight when the elephant seals occupy the beaches it's also time for the penguins to get back to their young [Applause] even the bigger chicks are reaching the end of their strength not all of them survive the long winter a skewer mingles among the exhausted youngsters for him there's plenty of food around these days the chicks try to keep the predator at bay only their parents return can save the young birds from starvation now finally the time has come the deserted winter beaches are stormed by summer guests in the coming months two million king penguins will crowd the island they head straight for their offspring without delay one couple find each other again on the beach after months at sea greetings are kept short they still have quite a journey ahead rush hour in a snowstorm their bellies are full of fish finally the penguin parents reach the colony of kids parents and youngsters recognize each other in the crowd by their calls even after months apart the long wait was worth it from now on parents provide a steady food delivery service well into summer only then will their offspring fish in the ocean themselves others are less fortunate the couple from the beach have been searching for hours to find their chick but their calls remain unanswered the voice of their youngster has been silenced forever oh a small consolation remains for the parents they can start breeding earlier now and so prepare the new offspring better for the following winter in october the days are getting longer and the sun's stronger snow and ice retreat back to the mountain summits up to 3 000 metres high around half of the island lies permanently under ice and snow there are more than 160 glaciers here many of them slide down as far as the sea the overland journey of the ice ends here after thousands of years on the move from now on it will drift along in the southern ocean in the form of ice flows last summer's chicks are now enjoying the spring sunshine and the all-inclusive service package delivered by their parents they're well fed and already plucking the baby down feathers from their plumage not only the youngest ones are shedding feathers before the penguins can breed again they have to molt for several weeks the estuary of an icy glacial river provides a perfect spot king penguins change their plumage every year old feathers are no good for insulation anymore and are shed one by one penguin metabolisms are working flat out now and body temperatures are rising the birds need to cool down the young penguin couple occupies a desirable patch of cold water the penguins coats are itching all over while the penguins wait for their new even more summer visitors arrive at the island gen 2 penguins are fast swimmers but only reach the south georgian coast in november plots with direct access to the sea are already taken thankfully gen 2 penguins prefer green spaces with scenic views higher up in the mountains they make their way up a steep path through a veritable jungle of tussock grass the strenuous ascent is rewarded with a majestic view up here they'll raise a new generation of gentoo penguins macaroni penguins also arrive in droves more than five million of them flock to the island their territory is along the rocky shoreline of south georgia these gold-crested birds are smaller than the gen 2 and king penguins but they're extremely tough as keen climbers they're not at all bothered by the minimalist state of their summer residence they favor the barren rocky areas after all the plentiful fishing grounds are right on their doorstep back in the beaches the molting of the king penguins is over the huge crowds gradually disperse leaving behind a sea of feathers the young couple has also got a brand new outfit they retreat to the safety of the colony who would dare to lay an egg with these neighbors around it's a good one and a half kilometers to walk from the coast to penguin city a long way for short legs from a vantage point they get a first impression of the lie of the land as in all big cities location is everything successful breeding can depend on it but it's very early season the property market is still quiet the couple have quickly found a suitable plot a brief glance at the colony shows that public displays of love are no easy matter there's always someone interfering the exchange of affections leads to a skillful balancing act in just a few days the female will lay her single precious egg in contrast to the emperor penguins of the antarctic mainland whose fathers incubate the eggs in winter alone king penguins take turns each it all looks so well established and untouched but the incomparable animal world of south georgia has a tragic history it began in the 19th century with seal hunting and came to a climax with industrial whaling the island whaling stations were in operation for about 60 years today only ruins and wreckage remind us of a time in which the sea ran red with the blood of thousands of whales in the early 20th century margarine soap and nitroglycerine for weapons were produced from whale oil the discovery of a vast whale population led to a true gold rush grease from whale blubber was the basis of the industrial revolution and became very expensive whalers lived and worked in six stations here processing 175 000 whales in 60 years they erected buildings on penguin breeding grounds bringing with them domestic animals and rats the workers made omelettes from penguin eggs and showed little respect for nature only in 1965 did the whalers leave south georgia for good and the animals could once again reign supreme on the island millions of antarctic fur seals were doomed due to their warm coats only a tiny colony survived the relentless human slaughter more than three million of them live on south georgia today the world's largest community of marine mammals sheltered coves and wrecks are their kindergarten while the females are off in summer huge shows of fish and crabs drift past near the coast forming the basic food resource of the spectacular animal colonies of south georgia the times of seal hunting are thankfully over a light colored fur seal is something special only around one in a thousand is born blonde while the seals spend their time relaxing and playing around breeding season is about to begin for the penguins adolescent chicks from last year are waiting in the colony for food and those who don't have offspring to worry about yet are laying their eggs the female whose chick didn't survive the winter presents her partner with the freshly laid egg they'll take turns incubating it over the next 55 days one of them will always be balancing the coveted egg on top of their feet but the breeding business doesn't always run smoothly a skewer takes up position some couples look as if they're only practicing a broken egg serves as a test dummy this character seems to be having some trouble finally he gives up his partner isn't back yet but hunger has taken over this is exactly what the skewer has been waiting for the air defense division holds the attacker at bay but while all attention is focused upwards a sheath bill can creep in unnoticed sheath bills are opportunists and are always at the ready whenever a chance arises in summer the king penguins breeding grounds look more like mega cities over 200 000 couples are squeezed into the smallest space in this colony alone gen 2 penguins avoid all the bustle and are happiest in their mountain villages unlike the king penguins each of them builds their own convenient homestead apart from the odd disagreement it could be a peaceful idol if it wasn't for the skewers the nest looks like a small fortress but the predators come in pairs his partner's still far away the male penguin tries desperately to contain his attackers rescue is on its way with no messing around the female roundly traces off the skewers for now the danger has passed and the penguins celebrate their success with exuberant cries like the king penguins the smaller gen 2s also take turns during incubation well satisfied from her fishing trip the partner settles in the nest suffered slightly in the skewers attack and so her husband briefly smartens things up again before heading off on his own fishing trip weeks have passed since the king penguins deposited their eggs after every fishing expedition they have to pass some nosy seals but this time there's a surprise in store to get to his family the new penguin father has to cross the entire colony the hatching of the little prince might take hours he follows the trail tenaciously through the colony a true running of the gauntlet riddled with sharp beaks exhausted by the hatching the brand new member of the community gets his first food from his mother and finally here's dad the welcoming calls are especially loud today for the next few months these recognition signals between the czech and its parents are vital for survival out of sight of the skewers she hands the chick carefully over to her partner now its welfare is daddy's responsibility the mother heads off immediately food is required as quickly as possible for the next 14 months there's a hungry youngster to feed water is the true element of the king into the waves and all clumsiness is left behind passing the playful seals they hurry out to sea rich in nutrients the circumpolar current flows around south georgia in summer swarms of krill form the staple food source for many sea creatures the icy southern ocean is the habitat of sea spiders and brittle stars sea urchins and the cold loving crocodile ice fish further out king penguins hunt lanternfish but an arch enemy also lurks around here king penguins don't stand a chance against the four meter long leopard seal only if the penguins discover the nimble predator in time can they escape leopard seals are not picky if penguin hunting is not working out they'll go after other species of seal or else make do with krill the path is clear to the rich fishing grounds these giants pose no danger like a flag in the wind their spouts direct the penguins to the swarms of krill and small fish wherever humpback whales are feeding there's also plenty for others groups of these giant marine mammals have been appearing again only recently around south georgia around 50 years after the end of their slaughter through species diversity in the island is now strictly protected and is monitored and explored at a research station at king edward point humans live in close contact with the animals no more than 20 scientists and government officials live here in summer managing the island under the british flag they monitor the fishery and develop strategies against the reintroduction of rats and diseases here at the edge of the earth only the occasional passing ship helps to maintain contact with the outside world if you want to post something you need a lot of patience important data on the polar food chain is gathered in these labs and used to develop an issue ideal fishing quarters on evenings like this the sheltered cove of king edward point is one of the most beautiful workplaces on the planet in january the middle of the antarctic summer nights on the island are extremely short the sun has already risen by 4 a.m these days in penguin city last year's chicks are shedding their plumage and becoming real adolescents the downy baby feathers are gradually disappearing while the waterproof adult plumage starts to take over it's a stage between childhood and adulthood which marks the second summer of their young lives the days are filled with preening and posing hormone boosts lead to mood swings these long wings no good for flying are pretty baffling perhaps the young birds really do dream about being able to fly the antarctic summer warms up the island temperatures reach up to 20 degrees celsius too much sun makes you sluggish underneath their dense fat the elephant seals are getting hot there's an almost mediterranean feel to the beaches even the skewer is tempted to take a short dip the cold-loving king penguins have the colony's very own glacier to thank for the ice-cold water only those with child care duties are not allowed to enjoy the water right now just two weeks old the small chick explores his environment careful grooming is one of the most important occupations in penguin city scratching your head is a true art form some of the neighbors look pretty weird and where do those white spots come from there's a lot to see in the penguin colony so the time between meals flies past in late summer the old whaling stations accommodate some special guests male elephant seals seek shelter from the wind and weather in exactly the same halls their ancestors were slaughtered in their annual change of coat is due the term catastrophic malt perfectly describes the seal's mood right now hell for some is paradise for others however sheath bills clamber over the backs of the foal tempered seals and the birds don't seem at all worried about the size of their grumpy hosts they shamelessly target the open wounds of their victims before pouncing at some point even an elephant seal runs out of patience in late summer both penguin parents have to search for food in order to satisfy the growing appetite of their offspring for the first time in its life the chick is alone and exposed to the sharp beaks of the neighbors penguin cities are hard patch every square meter is defended even against innocent intruders some chicks try to shelter with would-be nannies but even that is short-lived fellow victims are the only ones who don't start pecking best to stick together born of necessity small kindergarten groups gather all over the place but the adults don't leave their youngsters alone for long one of them bustles along already you can't beat mum and dad to keep the annoying neighbors in their place back in the beach the first teenage chicks from last year have joined the adults in autumn they'll have to head out to sea for the first time to hunt alone neither swimming lessons nor advice is offered practice makes perfect is the motto some have way too little fat in their bones they'll struggle in the icy water the waves are formidable that's enough for a start a good decision diving in blindly can end in tragedy unfortunate beginners make a perfect meal for southern giant petrols for over a year the king penguin has given his all only to lose his little one to the sea the southern giant petrols have an important task however they eat dead penguins after birth and even dead seals ensuring that no disease spreads in the south georgia can brew up some wild weather in autumn storms become more frequent so unbridled the wind sweeps the antarctic continent and blasts the island with full force it won't be long before the macaroni penguins leave south georgia this system many king penguins are already setting out to sea in pursuit of the migrating trolls of fish soon the storm will subside even so winter won't be held off for long the vast penguin colony is changing many of the adults have already left thanks to double food rations the now four-month-old chick has really grown the depleted supplies will still last a long time he can face winter without his parents confidently in the year 1775 when james cook commandeered south georgia in the name of king george the island lay in thick fog cook had no idea what destructive influence his travel report would have on the vast animal life of the island only now almost 250 years later is south georgia once again the wild paradise that her discoverers first encountered a paradise that no one happily leaves yet the swarms of fish are on the move and the penguin couple have to chase them over thousands of kilometers the chick is safely in kindergarten well-fed and surrounded by his young friends he'll only follow his parents out to sea next year for last year's checks the first big journey starts now they'll spend three years on the ocean and then return to south georgia the city of the king penguins you

  Top Comments:
  1. @FreeDocumentaryNature [39 likes]: In the middle of the Antarctic Ocean, a mountain range rises out of the water: South Georgia, the nursery of the Antarctic. 

Hundreds of thousands of penguins, elephant seals, fur seals and their young overcrowd the beaches. The rough weather and the extremely difficult access to the island make documenting penguin life very challenging. The film crew with Roland Gockel and Rosie Koch bring a lot of patience and sensitivity with them- they filmed over a period five years. Their documentary, which you see here, offers unknown and poignant insights into the life of the King Penguins on South Georgia Island.
  2. @Sbannmarie [3 likes]: I'm on a Penguin spree these days.Started with March of the Penguins years ago. Thank you for this vid!
  3. @helenhelgasone [1 likes]: I don't need those guvking Chinese in my apps
  4. @adrusya1750 [1 likes]: 25:45
  5. @samuelhumphrey5908: This is the worst documentary ever. I bet the narrator got paid more than the penguins (who feature little).
  6. @PinThePenguin: 🐧
  7. @dragonknightofamiraka3636: 0:44
Batman pooped himself after leaving the chat.
  8. @HaVuthanh-r4s: Great job, this video was very useful!
  9. @BdubdHjdn: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  10. @vitaflour7890: God is the greatest after watch this penguin video God is one
  11. @CindyMAIRAU: The voice is clear and easy
  12. @TutiMargahayu: Subhaanallah...
  13. @not_alone_but_lonely: What type of love is this 2:29😅
  14. @Helicopter_01: 💡And know that we were not created for nothing , ❓we are not an accident 🌏. We all have The Creator , The only One Who  created all of us, created everything  , and we all have one goal 🎯- the goal that is our meaning of life and that is - to be grateful to Him ,  - to worship Him alone in the way that He commanded us and Allah (The only truth God) will reward His slaves for their obedience on the Day of Judgment with paradise. This world is a place of trial , difficulties , some times insadness , illness 🌏 we are not here for eating and sleeping . Think carefully and think again  🧠 why you are here ,cuz you have just one life - just one shot.
🚨❓ If you're asking for guidance from Him. Yes, he has already sent it [Qur'an 📖, the last one ,witch was never changed from the day of revelation , it's in original language.]
  15. @bobhellier: do leopard seals live there too?
  16. @Manisha-ms3nh: Kindergarten😁
  17. @Lai-o2f: ❤
  18. @willsmulongoti6237: The lost penguin brought me here. BUT WHY??
  19. @Mehrab-F3: But why ⛰️
  20. @myTV_18: Me searching that viral clip in tiktok

- First Language - The Race to Save Cherokee: Kind: captions Language: en Captioning provided by: Quickcaption, Inc. www.quickcaption.com ♪♪ [rushing water] >> WaaaHoooo! [distant cheering] [Cherokee phrase] they say [Cherokee word] The ball was picked up by the hand and it is called [Cherokee word] A lot of Cherokee language was used and it was all used in the games when I played back in the 50s and 60s on both teams, both sides. Whether it's Bird Town or Wolf Town or Paint Town, we all spoke the Cherokee language and we talked Cherokee in a ball game. (Speaking in Cherokee). >> They did speak in Cherokee, mostly all of them, way back when I was growing up. There wasn't too many people that speak in English, just a few of them. And you'd go to the home and they'd all speak in Cherokee, everywhere you went. And now you can't go nowhere and they'd say, "I don't know how to speak it." >> We were not allowed to speak our language in school, we were banned from it. And that was that come from the federal government. They had their ways of punishing us if we spoke if we were caught speaking the language. >> Growing up I heard stories from my grandparents about the boarding school and the push for assimilation. Grandpa said he learned enough English in the first six months to keep from getting a whipping every day. And but they'd only use Cherokee at home. And so it was traumatic for him. >> I'm not so sure that language was the only reason that the children were encouraged to speak English and not Cherokee. I think it probably had a lot to do with Americanizing the Cherokee children. >> When we were growing up when, we were real young that was all that they talked was the Cherokee language, very little English. Even my mother she was she had a hard time pronouncing a lot of English words. And she talked to us in the Cherokee language, but there was a bigger interest in the English because that's the way we were living. >> I remember in the early 60s as a little girl going to a community meeting and there was some people that came from the government, the BIA, and came to our community meeting and they were telling our parents how important it was that their children learn English. It was going to better their lives and they were going to be able to go to town and get a job. So I think because our parents wanted what was good for us or better things for us, they encouraged us to speak English. >> People would tell us, you know, you have to learn the white man's way and that's even including the language, because they'd say this is a white man's world and you're going to be going out and you're going to have to learn some of the things. Had they said, it's okay if you speak English, but you need to keep talking Cherokee, but they didn't they just thought, well, it's the best thing for our kids, so they encouraged us I think it's that time period that we started losing >> Mine and Shirley's generation is probably the last and I'll be 59 in October and so will Shirley be 59 in November. And I think we're it. >> This would have been the heart of the Cherokee world. The Cherokee world kind of goes out from this place in almost a spider web or a wagon wheel, kind of. And we know that this is so deep into the Cherokee world that it is unlikely that you would have had contact with other tribal people coming in here. So, in essence, think of Kituwah as Vatican City with Rome around it. So your trade, your international trade would have been at places like Keowee, Naquasi. Just over those mountains right there, that's where you would have had, you know, all the languages you could imagine being spoken at, but here, this would have been purely Cherokee, purely Cherokee ceremonies taking place here, purely Cherokee stories taking place here. Traditionally, elders and story tellers tell us that Cherokees have been here since the beginning; the creator put them here specifically. Archeologically and anthropologically we believe that Cherokees have been here for at least 12,000 years. >> A lot of these Cherokees that lived here lived in Keowee and they had reservations, private reservations in 1819 and North Carolina come in and said, well, you made that treaty with the United States you didn't make that treaty with North Carolina, so they forced them out. So imagine every five or ten years you've got to move and you've got to pack up whatever you can put on your back and you're leaving everything else at home, everything. That's what those Cherokees had to go through year after year after year after year and you're still here. >> In the beginning, there were only, I'll say 1200, I hear a different number, of how many people escaped the Trail of Tears removal. All those people spoke the Cherokee language in those days, 1200 of them. And today we have 14, 000 and only 200, I'll say 200, speak the language. I don't know, it might be more it might be even less than 200 that speak the language. >> I haven't heard the "help me" word today. [Speaking Cherokee] >> There's a few fluent speakers, not too many, but those of us who can almost speak it try to incorporate it and use it more in our daily lives to preserve it. The spirit of getting together and working together on crafts brings out the desire to use the language. It just feels more natural. We cannot teach the children during these next two weeks everything that there is to know about beadwork or basketry or river cane or white oak, but we also know that as with the corn beads, the most important thing is to plant the seed and that's what we're doing. We're planting the seed of beadwork and basketry and being able to share what little we know about the Cherokee language we're because just during the first part of the week Jim introduced the word (speaking in Cherokee) to them when they need help they're to say and now they're using it frequently on their own. And whatever little bit we can help them and guide them with, that's what we're all about. [speaking Cherokee] >> We have this summer language camp that we do every summer and it's for six weeks. They're here at 8:00 in the morning, just like going to school. So if they were just looking for something to do, they wouldn't be here. >> It's a little bit hard sometimes, because you get new students every year. So that's why we're going back and we do the colors over, we do the numbers and the syllabary is just an ongoing thing. Because if the children who learn it one year, you know, they're not going to read it the rest of the year, maybe, so when they come back they have to be refreshed. And it's just a course to introduce them to the language and perhaps and, maybe, you know, what we pray is that they'll be so interested in it that they'll want to learn it. >> We know that the new generation that's coming up that's not learning Cherokee, they're kind of stuck in the middle. Part of them is native and part of them is trying to survive in this world. They have to play by everybody else's rules, you know, and try to live in a society that doesn't make sense to them, because even if they can't speak the language, they still are hanging on to their culture, a piece of their culture as much as they can, but they don't understand it, you know? And to understand it, I think you got to know the language. >> Right now for some of the students in the community, some of the kids in the community, where they don't have that grounding in their own heritage language and heritage culture, you see them creating their own culture the only way that they can know how and that would be by rejecting the mainstream culture. And so they're not going reject television and fast food, all that stuff is too fun. They're going to reject mainstream cultural institutions. And the only institution that they're really exposed to on a daily basis is the school system. And what we'd like to see more research on is the connection between lifelong satisfaction and heritage language maintenance. Does having your heritage language center you and settle you so that you're able to concentrate on academic success? >> You know, it's interesting that we if we look around the world there are about 7 to 8, 000 distinct languages, but something like 30 to 50 languages per year go extinct. So we're losing our linguistic diversity at a really alarming rate. And what will happen is if you imagine two large language communities living next door to each other, one of those languages is continually sort of out competing the other. So at every exchange in a local shop, someone's got to agree to speak the other language. Simply because English has such an enormous head start, one would have to bet on English being the language that's going to be the, sort of, you know, and this is a terrible, sort of, metaphor, the lingua franca for the world. >> If our language dies, it's gone forever. And a lot of people says, well, our Indian language is not the first language in the United States, English is now. And if we let English take over, then our language will die. >> It's not just about the language, it's who we are and what we believe in and how we live every moment of our lives. >> Until we get back into understanding what the language means to us, we're always going to be, kind of, lost just wandering around out there not understanding where we're going or where we came from our where our place in life is, you know, in this society even in America, even though we've always been here. [car door slams] The new Kituwah Academy is a total immersion program. We start with infants and then we go all the way up to five year olds. And then we go into elementary and we have roughly 40 students that are in kindergarten through third grade. And as that oldest cohort progresses, we add a grade each year. >> So those ones that have stayed with us and blazed the trail, they're the third graders now, so we're adding fourth grade next year, fifth grade the year after that, and they will be ready to go to middle school, wherever they may choose to go. >> Language revitalization has come about from different corners of Cherokee. There are different approaches to it and there still. The immersion program was probably the largest consolidated effort. It required significant resources, significant support for its continuation and that's a message to the community that this is important. >> I think it's fascinating to see this kind of process happening. This hasn't been done very much, what the eastern band of Cherokee Indians is doing here. What you have in the Cherokee language is this very strong feeling that the language is a central component of who Cherokee people have been and that there's an obligation on the current generations, the living generations to maintain that commitment to the past and to continue to speak the language in their homes and in their community and in their institutions. >> Well, it's not that we want to be different, we are different. And it doesn't mean that, you know, we can't all live in harmony in the States here, but, you know, again it goes back to our language and our culture and our traditions, you know? We're unique people and that's okay. The United States is about being diversified. >> Long ago in a small town called Cherokee, lived a girl named Summer and a boy they called Tsali. It says imagination is more important than knowledge. Sequoyah had that imagination, he had that vision. To me, he's an Einstein. His Cherokee name was Sequoyah. His work was destroyed by some of the community people, even his wife. He went back and started all over again and it was a great thing. It was a great invention, because it's helped us to preserve the language. >> It's a syllabary, because the characters in most cases approximate a syllable. So (speaking in Cherokee). It's very interesting from the perspective of the fact that you would have literally thousands of years, say, for the writing of European languages where you would go from writing it to printing it. And so for this language, he finished his work on the writing system in 1821, if I remember correctly. And then in 1828 you have the first printing form of it in the Cherokee Phoenix Newspaper. >> Let's see what we get here. This will be a proof. >> And in fact that is the second iteration of the writing system. The original one that Sequoyah developed was much more calligraphic. And so they converted it rather fast from this original calligraphic writing system to one which does look like Roman letters in a lot of cases. It was said to have been quickly taken and used and then the papers started printing in 1828. The first editor, Elias Boudinot, was very intent on promoting the need for the Cherokee to say in what is now the eastern United States and you see that move to the place where he eventually signed the final treaty removal and lost his life because of it. So the newspaper, sort of, is a microcosm of the pressures that you see one group people living under while they're trying to deal with the loss, essentially, of their country, their home. >> Just like this. See how it pops out? >> So, Tuesday we went to Hickory Tree Gap, it's an old, a very old cemetery. We did find a couple of tombstones that had the syllabary. >> Over at Cherokee on the Qualla Boundary, they don't use this line. They don't use this line. And then over here in Snowbird, sometimes they use it and sometimes they don't. So what's a good word with lay? And then over in Cherokee they would always say they would never say they'd always say >> It's so easy to learn the syllabary. Look at all the symbols in the world that you've memorized, like the Nike check. When you see that Nike check, you know what it stands for. You see that peace sign, it stands for peace, you know. All these symbols that you've learned, didn't even know you learned them. Well, Cherokee is the same way as far as reading and writing, you're just learning the symbol. The alphabet, you learn those, you know, it's a breeze. So that's the easy part of Cherokee. I talked to a linguist one time from Georgia, she said Cherokee is the hardest language I've ever tried to learn. I said, well, then it doesn't make me feel bad when I am struggling with my students and wondering why it's taking them so long to learn to speak. And she said, yes, it is so hard to learn. >> The Cherokee language is also completely different from any European language, so none of our students start out with that kind of head start with cognates in the language or similar structures in the language. And sometimes it's surprising to people in the community also that they have to come at their language now from an English language perspective. If they haven't grown up exposed to a lot of language in their home, then Cherokee language is just completely new and, to me, very exciting and quite a challenge, but to other people very frustrating. >> There is no word for word translation, one word could be a noun, adverb, adjective just depending on how you say it in a sentence. >> You can take a Cherokee word and you can change your form sometimes hundreds of ways and it changes the meaning of that word. If we say go get something, if you're going to get a glass of water, a liquid, it's different, "go get" changes. Liquid is built into the "go get". If you're going to go get a flexible item, like a shirt, it's flexible, the flexible is built into the word "go get". If you're going to go get a solid object, the solid form is built into "go get." Or go get a long and unbendable, like a fishing pole or a pencil. an animate object, something that's alive, a chicken, go get the cat, go get the dog, So that's the hard part of teaching learners when they're older. >> Cherokee is still a little more, like, detailed so we would say "we", but instead of saying, like, me and you and her, it could be just us two and then not that person or it could be all three of us. >> And so you have the whole sentence like, "I should go dancing," say, would be a single word in Cherokee language, and that's difficult for our students, sometimes, to understand. >> Reported past and definite past, I definitely went or I must have went. And I know you can do that in English, because I just did it, but in Cherokee it's just a small little "tst." >> It was our first language, that was the language we were taught at home and it wasn't hard to learn. So nowadays it's harder for the students to learn because it's not their first language, it's not the first thing they hear. >> It is a very difficult language to learn and thank God it's my first language. I would have I could never learn it. >> I think that we are getting to the children at the right time and that is birth on. >> These little ones is the where the turnaround is going to begin. They are going to take the language and the culture that they're learning now and pass it on to their children. >> Some people think that we just sit and talk Cherokee to the children and they think all they're learning is Cherokee. What they don't understand is that they're learning science, social studies, language arts, mathematics, spelling, you name it. They're learning all those content areas that English speaking schools are, but it is in the Cherokee language. >> One of the things I really want people to understand is that these children are bilingual, they're not monolingual. They don't only speak English. They don't only speak Cherokee. And I want people to understand that they'll be able to walk in both worlds. They'll be able to understand Cherokee. to understand English. And they'll be able to succeed in both worlds. >> It's in the like they're going home and not hearing the English language or when they go to town when they go Walmart or whenever they're hearing the English language all the time. It's just like the Cherokee language was when we were growing up. It's just, you know, flipped over. >> I'm very thankful for all my teachers. It's a great staff to work with and they work together well. And I know it's difficult for them because they are having we just can't go on the internet and find a worksheet on the lifecycle of a butterfly or whatever. You have it can be found on the internet then it has to be translated. So it is difficult. I can't imagine having to come up with a lesson plan that I needed that day. Sometimes you might need something right then, and in a regular English school you can just go print it out and it's there. >> In Cherokee there's no books out there so we're making it up as we go. So even in our immersioin schools, we have to just try to beat the clock and try to keep it with the grades, because it requires a lot of translation. >> We spend a lot of our time working with speakers to develop the curriculum and materials for the gradual presentation of the language to the students so that they always feel comfortable in the language and that they're always learning a little bit more of the language as they move along. >> These are all original books with native writers and native artists and these are just first grade readers here. You know, we didn't have words for modem and just basic plug ins, keyboard. I have to go to the speakers and I say, well, what would you say for this? And then they describe to me, well, what does it do? Like this one, it says (speaking in Cherokee), that means electric brain. >> Once you start learning the language, it branches out to all other areas, history, culture, traditions. When they're learning the language they're learning everything about the Cherokee people as well. >> When you are learning the language you learn, for example and that's a way to say where I'm from. I am from such and such place. But in the nuances of the language, what you're really saying is my fire is at such and such. My council house is there. I am a Cherokee of where this council fire is. And, you know, if you ask a person, a Cherokee person, you know, what do you call yourself as a tribal person? They would say they're Cherokee, maybe, but Cherokee is not a Cherokee word, it has no meaning it's something that was applied, a name that was applied to the Cherokee people. You would hear which means the real people or the principal people. Or you might hear So you're literally saying I am a person of Kituwah, of this place. >> My grandpa used to say to me, like this, and he would maybe have a knife, you know, and pull it away from me. And I thought he was saying for the longest time, "Give it to me." So I thought he was teasing me. And I took it as And then later on I found out that it meant lend me this. He was saying, "Lend me this," you know, and it was much more polite. >> There's words in Cherokee that are just so specific. The word really can't be translated into English because there's so many things it encompasses, but it's one of the cornerstones of our program. And the closest translation would be the right path, the right way, but there's so many components that that encompasses that we can't just give them a word in English. >> (Speaking in Cherokee) that's a powerful word, it's hard to explain. Some people say it just means straight, but to me it means so much more. It means it's a way of being in the right way. It carries there I can't even think of how to put that into words. >> Within the language are values and traditions and history and ways of life. That's what speaking Cherokee is about. And so without that, we lose all of that. We don't just lose something that's very difficult or something that's, oh, our elderly people speak Cherokee, we lose who really the heart and soul of who we are as Cherokee people. >> This is what is so critical and so important to our identity and our future as a people is to continue on making this same sound that was given to us by the creator, our language. It's a sound that hasn't been heard here for 60 years, the sound of children speaking our language. >> If we go some places and we start seeing our friends or something, we usually, like, go up and speak Cherokee sometimes. Then when you look around people are just like, wow. >> My son, we actually ran into his uncle at Family Dollar, I mean just a store, and him and his wife was talking in the language. They were talking about a goose, but they were referring to it as a duck and it was on the top shelf. And the uncle was sitting there calling it a And here Jon* was, he was probably about three or four at the time, and he's like And the uncle turned around and he looked, he looked back at his wife, and he looked back at Jon and he's like, do you speak Cherokee? But he was talking to him in Cherokee this whole time. And he's like uh huh. And his wife is standing back and her eyes teared up and my eyes teared up. It's just, my son can have a conversation with two of our oldest fluent speakers and know what they're talking about and respond in the language. And seeing not only him but other kids speaking our native language, it's amazing. It just touches my heart. >> I like Cherokee because it's very rare and a lot of people think that it's just a language, but, like, if you're Cherokee it's like your home. >> This total immersion program is not a school, it's a home. And so from the very foundation and the design and everything that we've put into it is that we are not peers, your classmates are not classmates, we are family. Your classmates are not just your friends, they're equivalent to cousins and brothers and sisters. It wears and tugs on your heart every single day. There are moments of joy when you walk into the classroom, when you hear the babies speaking and understanding the language, and you're running on the playground and they're speaking Cherokee, and walking into the cafeteria and they are playing rock, paper, scissors, but they're doing it in Cherokee. And you sit down with a pencil and paper you're trying to figure out how you can keep this going, and it's rough work. It's hard. So you have to surround yourself by dedicated people who feel the same way about the language as you do. We can look at the newspaper every week as it comes out and we circle the names of the people that we lost that are fluent speakers and we look at how we're going to be able to survive in the next five years so that this program and this language doesn't die, because if we shut our doors the language will just become a list of vocabulary words that are taught from dictionaries. >> They're hearing the language all the time and they're reading and writing it, but when they leave here it's hard for them to continue to do that because their parents are not bilingual. It makes it hard for the child to continue. >> The thing is it's almost we're running out of time, because we're losing too many speakers. >> Thinking about the number of native speakers who are fluent, it's a rather sobering circumstance to think about a language in that situation. There are many languages around the world that are facing the same circumstance. some people say, well, it's your generation Lou, after you're gone it's not going to be alive, but I think I'm making a harder effort knowing that if it's going to die with me then I need to do something to preserve it and so I keep talking to these kids. And some of the high school kids that's been in Shirley's class, if I drive to McDonald's there's a boy there and I start talking and he'll think about it. And he says he has to think about it, but some of the words come back. And so I think that's how you preserve your language. >> Keep talking to your kids, your grandkids and that's the only way we're going to get it done. You have the have the whole community support, the majority of the people realizing, you know, how important it is. >> I have a hard sometimes because I live in this world, but one thing that I know is I live on this Indian land and I have all the benefits of being a Cherokee, not just because I live here, but because that blood flows through me. I have a responsibility to walk both worlds. If I don't have my culture to ground me, then I really don't belong here. >> There has to be an understanding and a value and the community has to embrace the idea that Cherokee language it what makes us Cherokee, that having an enrollment card doesn't make you Cherokee it just makes you a number within a government within a government. >> And you'll hear that in this work quite a bit, oh, you can't be this kind of person unless you speak this language. And the problem with that is languages can be so difficult to hang on to that you're saying that you're own children, even, are not your own people. And so I think that rhetoric is a little bit too harsh, but definitely that would be one of the major drives for learning the Cherokee language is your, kind of, sense of Cherokee heritage and the language as who you are or who you want to be. I'd like to think about it a little bit more aspirationally. So learning now would be to say that you're a part of the Cherokee community and it's a beautiful community. If we consider what it actually means to be a pluralistic society, then that means we're going to have to make space for people who speak different languages, who think different ways, who have different cultures inside of a national culture or a global culture. And so all the movement has been in the opposite direction towards globalization, towards homogenization, you know. What does it mean to change the process and open up space for a plurality of different small cultures working together? How can we truly accept and respect those people and allow them some measure of autonomy with their educational system and the language that they speak? >> Yesterday I was walking around, it was children's day, and I saw so many young people have these tattoos and they have the syllabary writing on them and I was amazed. I feel proud that they are willing to celebrate their nativeness, their Cherokee self with that, but I would hope that-- I don't want people just to put syllabarian on their bodies, I want syllabary, not syllabary, I want the Cherokee language to come out of their mouths. I want them to learn how to speak. I want them to celebrate our culture by keeping our language alive. My girls go to New Kituwah. I know that they're learning their language and they're learning their culture and, you know, I'm staking their futures that they are going to be okay and that they're going to be okay in the culture and that the culture is going to take care of them and they're going to be educated there. And so I don't know where it's going to go, but I think we're moving in a good direction. >> I resent the word now when I hear someone say it's dying or it's a dead language, because it isn't, it's very much still out there. I think that we can turn that around and really turn it around by saying we're speaking it. The children are speaking it. It's alive. >> Everyone wants to see how our children are going to balance two languages and still be successful in education with the English speaking world. There's a lot on these kid's shoulders that a lot of people don't really realize. >> In English, that's not my language. I speak it, but it's not mine. If I speak in Cherokee, it's coming from the heart, because that's mine. That's my language. 00:54:59.296,00:00:00.000 [chanting]

  Top Comments:
  1. @kiasax [2 likes]: I am so glad that my Cherokee grandfather taught me to speak our language beginning when I was 4 years old.
Of course, at the time, I wasn't very happy about it. 
But at 65, I'm so happy that my grandchildren are learning to speak Cherokee from me. 
Blessings to all of you for preserving our language. 
It's my opinion that a Tribal language is paramount to maintaining its culture. 
Be well ...
  2. @vickietaylor3535 [1 likes]: I am Cherokee. My great grandmother was Cherokee. Its in my blood. I am very proud of my ancestors.
  3. @darlenehoward-l4j [1 likes]: o;syio
  4. @ChristopherJustus-p5d: ❤♎❤ I'm Caucasian and maybe around 1999 I had a vision that in about 268 years all the United States of America will revert back to the Native Americans 😊
  5. @machinegunetiquette3: The Cherokees touched my heart when I read about their plight in Ronald Wright's excellent book "Stolen Continents: The 'New World' through indian eyes". That is where any misconception I had of the Cherokees fell and died away.
  6. @Dovid2000: Language is important to the people for whom it was intended, and there are many languages like that. To each his own. English, however, brings all the language speakers together as one in the USA.
  7. @sobaefrozen7664: Thank you 🍑🥑🥝🍇🍭🫑🍍🍡🧅🧄🍬🍒🫐🍉🌶🥕🍠🍥🌽🥦🍆🥨🍅🥭🥒🥬🍈🍓🫒🥥
  8. @Oliverworldbuilds: does anyone know how this is going today?
  9. @Angela-po7cr: We Have Animal A abilities beyond normal understanding ..to communicate telepathic.. a rare ability God of Heaven given  BMto those who ask their Creator.. I appreciate all cultures
  10. @Angela-po7cr: United Nations has now made permanent changes representing Indians as Chairman ..Welcome to This  great mission Loving our Indians WorldWide..heads up Your Very Loved and Valuable..raise your children for Book Writing and History Truth Mission😍
  11. @CaseyHammonds: I am very in touch with my heritage.  I would love to learn more if anyone is interested in sharing.
  12. @connordebruler3264: 15:09 It would seem that his teacher is giving in to supernatural thinking, that people are called to their languages on a genetic level: horse manure. BUT 14:25 the native teacher whose name does not appear in this important clip, has a valid point to make about language. Language is a way of thinking. The Cherokee people (Aniyvwiyaʔi or The Principle People) had a great way of thinking, a disrespected way of thinking. The more the youth learn the language, the more this way of categorizing and viewing the world positively affects their general well-being and self-esteem.
  13. @theinvestrepreneur: ᎣᏏᏲ  ᎠᎴ ᏩᏙ!!!
  14. @tomstieve: ᏩᏙ
  15. @darlenehoward-l4j: wado n o'syio
  16. @JingerOrcena: X❤x❤x❤x❤x❤
  17. @darlenehoward-l4j: an wado fer showing
  18. @shellidbanks: My 4th great ancestors were Cherokee in rowan county,, NC. They were forced out in mid 1800's and escaped in Missouri and never made it to the reservation.  Because of the stigma and discrimination they never claimed who they were.  I've always known I was different.  I love in Oklahoma and family land but don't hand official tribal status.  I have never heard the language but it is beautiful.  Is there a way to get a course of some kind.  I am 65 and I was t to yes u my grand children their native tongue.  Please point me in right direction.
  19. @ElizabethHurtado-py8ur: 🧺🐃🐾🐾👣🐾🐢🇺🇲
  20. @tinadaugherty9073: Cherokee at birth & Cherokee til death. Never water yourself down just because someone eles can't handle you at 100%.❤

- 18th Bushwick Film Festival Selections: Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en This little gadget's the beating heart of this whole thing. It's the proudest achievement of my life. >> Your kids will be thrilled to hear. What's it do? >> It measures the elevation tells me when I've reached 2,000 ft. >> What happens at 2,000 ft? >> Our target threshold helps me prove the Earth is flat. [Music] I don't speak for all flatearthers. >> That's fine. Just speak for you. Okay, can we get it started?

- 10 Things To Do In South Florida This Snowbird Season (And When To Protect Your Ears!): Kind: captions Language: en And this video will discuss 10 [music] noisy places in Florida this winter. My first time living in Florida. I'm actually here with my girlfriend and [music] I'm spending between November and March here in Florida. So I'm a first-time I heard that you're from the north as well. [music] >> Yeah. So I'm originally from Massachusetts. Ben is becoming what is kind of a new term for him is a snowbird. [music] So welcome to snowbird season. the most beautiful time to be here in South Florida where uh you know we definitely get a lot of people that come into the area and a lot of people mean a lot of really really [music] fun events. >> Thank you. Yeah. Any other snowbirds out there? Comment below. I would love to hear where you live in the summers and where you're going to be in the winters. [music] Well, let's kick it off with number one here. So, we created this list of 10 noisy places. Number [music] one is beachfront festivals and live music events. >> Yeah. So, South Florida is known for their beachfront festivals. We were definitely known for Tortuga. Tortuga is held here in Fort Lauderdale. We also have the Sunfest [music] beachfront um concert that takes place in West Palm Beach. And [music] those are just to name two really big ones, but there's so many more that take place over the year. >> And one thing that I was introduced to is uh Art Basil in Miami, which is coming up. >> A type of live music event or art event. I've never been, but I've heard that's also a really busy time in Miami area, right? >> Yeah, that's going to be December coming [music] up. So, definitely have to check that out. And then Ultra, too, is another huge music festival. >> Yes. I've actually want to record some conversations with people outside of Ultra, so I feel like they'll have interesting [music] things to say about their ears. >> Yeah, absolutely. >> We're having this conversation with you about Florida and these loud events here at our Weston Clinic. And our clinic is located just west of Fort Lauderdale. It's in a very centralized location. What we do here is we can test hearing. We can evaluate for tinitus also pronounced tonitis ringing in the ears. We have treatment options for anything related to the ears like hearing aids, tinitus treatment. We also do earplugs and can make custom earplug molds. So come by and see us. And if any of this is of interest to you, then you can look below and you can schedule a consultation or you can learn more about our clinic. And if you're here this winter in South Florida, we are having a special grand opening party. That's right, a nice party. So, you're invited to that and look for that below where you can hang out with Dr. Trisha and myself. Now, let's get back to the conversation. All right, number two is Miami nightife and rooftop lounges. So, similar to that kind of ultra music scene or house music, [music] nightife, going out to clubs, dressing up, and they're really loud. I spend some time in music festivals, kind of loud music environments. Not too much time in nightclubs. How about you? >> Yeah. So, I'm uh I'm probably gonna date myself of my age. No doing math out there. Um but I when I came down for grad school, I was down here in South Florida and really enjoyed the Miami night scene. So, I had went to a lot of the nightclubs. Mansion was one of the big ones that we would frequent. I know, I know you're doing the math right now. They're great clubs, but they're so loud. Um, and then you have the rooftop bars, right? Like the weather here is typically beautiful throughout the year. So, we're really lucky that we have so [music] many great rooftop bars throughout South Florida, not just Miami, Fort Lauderdale, West Palm. Uh, but those come at risk, too, right? You're just the music is pumping. It's meant to really build that that that experience, [music] but definitely comes with the same kind of risk. >> Yeah. I mean, I've certainly worked with patients over the years who are musicians or DJs. I think a 40-some year old DJ is a pretty common [music] type of patient that would have some problems with their ears or tinitus. So, I know that every nightclub has DJs. Let's jump to number three. Boat parties and [music] jet ski culture. When I was out here when we opened the Tribal Health Clinic in Weston, which is just west of Fort Lauderdale, I told you that I celebrated by my girlfriend and I renting a jet ski in Miami Harbor. >> And what did I say besides have fun? >> Uh, I forget. >> I would be careful. be careful. [laughter] >> Uh, so we were careful. No one got injured. Um, I went full throttle. It was fun. It was a celebration, a gift to give to myself, an experience. [music] And, um, it was loud. >> And besides just boat culture, stand up paddle boarding is also really big. And other types of water activities. So, if you're in Fort Lauderdale, you're probably very familiar with Sandbar. So, going out, taking your boats out to the Sandbar. I've paddled out to Sandbar. Um, and there's it's great. Everybody just kind of gets together and hangs out. Has their music on their individual boats [music] pumping. It's a It's great. It's so much fun. But again, super noisy. >> Oh, I love it. All right, number four. Outdoor fitness and boot camp gyms. I was just telling you this morning that I went to a new gym cuz I moved here and first day I'm feeling good. I like it. I made a 6 a.m. class. That was a miracle. And then >> you won't see that from me. And then I made my way here uh to have a full workday at at the clinic. Outdoor fitness or boot camps or this kind of like just fitness classes. It could be spin cycle, Pilates, whatever. They often have music. It's not need earplug level loud, especially compared to music festivals or night life or, you know, loud boats. But it's noise and it's fun. So I love it. >> I'm a I'm a diehard Pilates reformer Pilates girl. Um, and I have to say that at my club Pilates, they keep the music at a A+ level. >> Well, I really encourage everyone here who's, you know, spending [clears throat] this winter thinking about how they can improve their health or if they're coming down to Florida or if you live in Florida. Yeah. What are your health and wellness goals [music] for the winter? Got New Year's coming up. We have Thanksgiving, always a really bad time for health. And then we have Christmas. sometimes can also be a bad time to stay healthy [music] just with the food and the family and all that. However, fitness, gyms, groups, community, wellness is super I love it and I think that anyone who's [music] in that scene a bit really gets benefit from it. However, I will mention that my mom, she injured her knee going to a group fitness class. So, she's been really resistant to it because she [music] felt like the instructors didn't weren't able to really meet her where she was at or maybe pushed her too hard for what she was ready for. So, there is also that side of this topic, which is that fitness, [music] staying healthy, we need to ramp up slowly into it and work with professionals, work with [music] a group of people who can really know your body. And if you're a 70-year-old woman, for example, who doesn't work out that much, start [music] slowly and have some good guidance there. >> Yeah. All right, the number five noisy event here in South Florida are sports [music] events. We have some fantastic teams. We've got the Miami Heat, the Miami Dolphins, the Panthers, our Marlins, our baseball team, the Marlins. I'm probably leaving some teams out, but what about you, Ben? Are you a Are you a Miami sports fan? Oh, and our soccer. Oh my gosh. I'm sorry, Messi. I'm sorry. Our Messi fans. >> Yes. So, soccer is really picking up right now in Miami with Lenel Messi, who is playing for AFC. >> What does that stand for? >> Football Club Miami. >> Yeah, enter football club. >> Enter football club. >> Inter Miami. So, >> enter Miami. >> That is really easy. >> Sorry football fans if I'm mutilating the name. >> And then, yeah, lots of sports teams. Different stadiums are, you know, loud to a different degree. >> I'm not too worried about stadium loudness typically, unless one of my patients has sound sensitivity or a sensitive case of [music] tinitus. Some simple earplugs are definitely good to bring to those events. Did you grow up playing sports? Um, I was a skier and a dancer. Those are my two things. >> Awesome. Love it. Solid solitude. Just uh no team sports. >> So, we opened this clinic in July and it has just been booming. It's been overwhelming of how many patients are just so excited to find that there is a clinic dedicated 100% to tinitus and sound sensitivity needs. I want to highlight that while we're so excited to help our South Florida community, we're not just limited to South Florida. We have patients coming from all over the state to be able to come in for services. So, if you're interested, please schedule a consult here. You can see the link below on the screen and we can talk to you about how we can best serve [music] and meet your needs. >> Number six on our list is car and motorcycle culture. This makes sense. [music] This makes sense. That is one where I definitely want people to have earplugs and hearing protection. I'm new to Florida. What is the ultimate experience for [music] car and motorcycle shows? I am not the one to ask about that. I'm not even going to pretend. But one thing I'll point out besides protecting your hearing, please protect [music] your head. >> I will say people have really nice cars here is like that's >> beautiful. >> That's something that people say when they come here for the first time, >> Yeah, absolutely. I mean, if you're looking for any kind of exotic [music] car, I think South Florida is definitely where you're going to find it. >> Yeah. Well, I haven't bought an exotic car yet, and nor do I plan to. All right, number seven. Another loud, noisy place here in South Florida. Construction and urban development zones. Knowing the history a little bit, this was a place that not so long ago had nearly no development, but people from the north, you know, northerners came in and [music] developed Fort Lauderdale, for example. So, what's your understanding of the history of development of South Florida and where is it currently at with, you [music] know, which zones are having more and more people come to, where are the snowbirds going to, all that? [music] >> South Florida, I feel, is always under construction. I feel like no matter where you go had a lot of construction, South Beach, I feel there, you know, they're updating hotels or different areas, even just commercial properties. Number eight is our cruise ports and our airport traffic. So, South Florida, it's a great place to visit, but it's also [music] a great place to travel from. So, we have the Miami cruiseport, we have the Fort Lauderdale cruiseport, and then you can go further north up towards Cape Canaveral where we have another cruiseport on this coast at least. And then we also have our airports. We have Fort Lauderdale, West Palm, [music] Miami. These are all really, really noisy areas. So, if you're a cruiseport worker, you're an airport worker, you're definitely exposed to a lot of high volume sounds, and you want to make sure that you're taking proper precautions to protect your ears. >> So, I grew up in a family that never went on cruises. And [music] if we were to go on a trip, it'd be sort of like camping or stay in a cabin [music] or something like that. I've never done a cruise. So, never. So, when you said cruise port, I didn't even know [music] what it meant, but now, now I'm getting it. These are, you know, marine ports, sort of like little bays or areas where these big cruise ships [music] park. But for someone who might be ready for their next vacation listening out there and maybe me, what's the cell on a cruise? Like, what's what's the best cruise [music] to go on these days? >> So, my husband and I are big cruisers just like you. Growing up, I lived in Western Massachusetts. We didn't go on cruises, but moving down here, it's just so quick and easy. You [music] can jump on a cruise, a weekend cruise on a Friday, a Friday afternoon. You sail to like the Bahamas and usually a little private island that the cruise ship has. I really like Royal Caribbean. And so they have their Coco K, this little area that you can go and [music] relax on the beach or do some water sports. And then um you come back Monday morning at like 7:00 a.m. So you can go right to work. It's so easy. You can go away and only need to take like maybe an afternoon off from work, if that. Next up, we have local parades and we have events like fireworks or loud noise events. So, what is your favorite South Florida parade? And specifically, are there any to be mindful of that are happening this winter? [music] >> So, you're going to think it's the silliest thing, and it's not even a big parade, [music] but in my city of Plantation where I live, >> Santa comes around. It is our local police department, fire department. They have little [music] like trucks that will come around in some of your public service vehicles and they come around all the little neighborhoods. They drive by your house and throw out candy canes. So, it's not a it's not a real parade, but it's a holiday event. And it's I don't know, for me, I just [music] get really excited when Santa's coming by. But, they Fort Lauderdale will have a big parade. I know Miami has its its parades. And then each little community, I know even my city of Plantation has holiday [music] parades as well. I typically don't go to those events, but I do find endearing the small ones that kind of come to me. >> I love it. I love it. Yeah, there's a lot of local events in community boards or calendars. Whenever I'm feeling lonely or like I want to do something socially in a town I'm in, I'm [music] amazed at how simply typing into Google events this weekend in Fort Lauderdale or events this weekend in [music] Boca Raton, very curated, like pretty amazing lists of things to do and >> diverse things to do. iverse and introducing new people and new culture. And I think that's where these kinds of like local parades would probably pop up. >> All right, we have number 10, music and cultural events. So we have here Cayoo Festival, Latin music nights, Caribbean carnival. Is that carnival or carnival? Is it that kind of like street festival? Like tell me more about these cultural events. >> Yeah, so they're down most of these are mainly you'll see in south Miami areas. very Latin focused and a lot of excitement, a lot of music, entertainers, artists, food, gatherings of friends and family, and just overall a really good time. A lot of Caribbean influence as well. >> I love it. I love it. All right, guys. Well, here you have it. 10 fun things to do in South Florida that are very loud. Uh my name is Dr. Ben Thompson. I'm joined here by Dr. Trisha [music] Sagalone. We are aiologists, hearing loss doctors. We specialize in tinitus treatment, also perhaps tonitis [music] treatment. So if you know anyone in South Florida or if you personally are going to be here this winter, come by our clinic. It's in Weston, [music] just west of Fort Lauderdale, accessible from Boca Raton, Miami, Naples, across Alligator Alley. So don't hesitate. We're here for you for tenitis or hearing loss. Just reach out or you can find our information below. Thanks so much. And if you're going to be going to any of these [music] events, we recommend using either your over- the-counter earplugs or if you want custom plugs, come see us at our Weston Clinic and we can make custom earplugs for you. Can't wait to see you in our Westing clinic. >> Thanks, guys. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @treblehealth: ➡ Book Your FREE Tinnitus Consultation: https://treble.health/schedule228

➡ Reserve your spot for the Treble Health South Florida Winter Grand Opening: https://treble.health/13g

Want to learn more about our tinnitus clinic locations? Go here:
1) Charlotte NC: https://treblehealth.com/charlotte-nc/
2) Philadelphia PA: https://tinnitus-philadelphia.com/
3) San Francisco CA: https://treblehealth.com/locations/san-francisco-ca/
4) Seattle WA: https://treblehealth.com/locations/seattle-wa/
5) Weston FL: https://treblehealth.com/locations/weston-fl/
6) Telehealth (nationwide): https://treble.health/t180
  2. @barbjackson48: I am Saltysnowbird SLC Ut ( my hair is salt and pepper) We also have a ski  resort Snowbird greatest snow on earth

- Staying in Costa Rica during the winter. Snowbirds share their secrets.: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] why did you choose to go away in the winter right the short answer is that it's cold in Montana the next question is is this the first time they yeah I've gone away for the winter and the answer is no uh we've been choosing to go in the away in the winter for anywhere from a week to three weeks for a number of years again why it's really cold in Montana and it gives us a break from the lack of of warmth and the lack of sunshine um how long do you go away I think my wife Joanne answered that by the way my name is Rick how do we choose the location uh we go where we think it's interesting maybe where we know people possibly where we haven't been before it does seem when we go to warmer places that we like to go by this the seashore which is different for us another factor I think and and I I think Rick will agree with me is we try to choose a location that is safe as well uh one of the places we've gone to in the winter has been Mexico and the last time we were in Mexico it didn't feel particularly safe even though we had chosen a location that was smaller and you know away from Mexico City and even away from Cancun but we never we ended up having an incident of theft and therefore we've kind of taken that off our list so safety it is a real priority for us this year we we made a decision based on the pandemic we wanted to choose a place that was safe for health reasons and in the past we haven't when I talk about safety I haven't had to choose think about safety for health purposes just the typical idea of safety and in doing our due diligence we concluded that Costa Rica where we're at now was just ideal it had fairly low numbers of illnesses and it allowed us to get away and kind of have our own pot of people and the weather was perfect so that's why we've chosen Costa Rica for the second time what type of accommodation are we looking for nothing uh this special uh here in Costa Rica we're staying with friends so that's important other places we've stayed at Resorts we've stayed at uh smaller places that's not as important as long as we feel that it's it's safe we've been choosing a location for us our friend zoned a small Inn I mean we're not staying in their home per se we're staying at an inn that they owned that we were aware of uh other times we have tried to either get a time share or we have tried to get a small place that's comfortable our personalities we're not elaborate people we don't need something expensive and high-end we just need something that is clean and has a good bad it we personally like to have access to a kitchen and the way that we travel my husband and I like to do breakfast and lunch as not being a big deal coffee and rolls preferably from a fun Bakery good coffee lunch we like picnic style food that we could eat here on the beach or just happily but then we like to explore the local cuisine at night can you describe what a typical day looks like um we like to sleep late when we can't when we're next to a beach like here we like to go to the beach we also like to take trips like to the interior of Costa Rica maybe engage a guide and we'd like to follow the local custom of eating dinner late and uh uh hanging out a bit afterwards uh do we do a lot of sightseeing and if so how do we uh do the travel for it uh yeah we do a lot of sightseeing sometimes we do uh tour buses uh this time we've rented a car even with when we rented a car we uh sometimes get a guide when we get to the location it kind of depends on the look where we've gone again we are not sure what I would call typical snowbirds and that we don't come for months at a time we we because of our lifestyles and and the fact that neither of us are quite retired we take anywhere from a week to three weeks get away and so we want to maximize that time when we were in Hawaii for example which was one of the locations we chose we rented a car but when we were in Mexico we chose not to do that and we would hire someone a travel service wherever we went because of the nature of Mexico uh here we have done a combination the first time we came to Costa Rica we did not rent a car but we had access to a friend's vehicle who lived here or was actually snowboarding here this time we rented a car so that we would have flexibility regarding using the bus system at least in Costa Rica I think it would be wonderful because we're older we have chosen to isolate ourselves more because we're in the in the pandemic era still and so I think you have to think about who you are as a person and I think buses are safe and they're fun but if you're worried about covet and exposure like that uh it's better to rent a car or use it or use a taxi which we have done as well and they were very safe the next question is do you cook yourself or go out I think I kind of explained that my husband and I like to have a leisurely breakfast and our typical breakfast is coffee sometimes mimosas if it's the weekend we have to do that especially in a country like Costa Rica where the oranges are so wonderful it's just a Heavenly morning drink uh we like roles in in our location here we found a wonderful little German bakery and we got wonderful Bakery products I also went to a Sunday market and picked up some rolls from a local and we've been enjoying them uh with our morning coffee the coffee in Costa Rica is just so delicious so if you're a coffee connoisseur this is a perfect place to be you could not only take coffee tours but you can get great coffee very reasonably priced right here and so it says uh you know do you cook for yourself well yeah we do we cook coffee uh when we were in Hawaii we we always made breakfast and lunch but part of going on tour is to go out so we would ration sometimes we would go to a planer place and we would budget and occasionally go to a fancy place like here in in Playa Hermosa where we're currently at there's a wonderful upscale restaurant called gingers that we went to on a Saturday but typically we would either go down and eat at a local place or we've been known to pick up food at the market and just eat it there do you meet and talk with other snowbirds not really so much except accidentally were as Joanne said we're not typical snowbirds in that we don't spend the long set time at someplace else I imagine if somebody for example went to Arizona for three months every year then they would have a social group down there but we don't do so much of that yeah I we're not opposed to that but that's not a personal priority for my husband and I our priority is us and the atmosphere and so for example we knew nobody when we were in Hawaii and we just had a absolutely magical time when we were there experiencing Hawaii for people who like to meet others how do you meet other snowbirds and how do you find them well if if Rick and I wanted to meet somebody here there on either end of this particular Beach where we're at condivac is is down the way and it's a time share and this way there's a large beautiful hotel and we could go that way and there's also a hotel in the middle and we would just go or we would go down to the Aqua Sport Bar and we would simply start visiting and my husband likes a place in Cocoa and he could visit with them and and connect up with them and so the opportunities are endless to meet people it's just if you choose to do that and at this time we haven't chosen to do that right wouldn't you say that right okay can you find the products locally that you need suit and food items personal hygiene Etc Kevin really noticed the problem No in fact uh we're from the United States and what we have found that's been beneficial is that there's in Costa Rica where we're currently at there's Pharmacists and those pharmacists have available to them knowledgeable professionals that even if you don't speak Spanish you can point at your stomach and go ouch and they'll know what you need and they can give you products that if you were in the United States you would need to go to a physician and get a prescription for and that is that has been real beneficial is that they understand what you need or you can get that and those products are readily available at a reasonable price so at least for this country it was wonderful we had no trouble in Mexico we had no trouble in Hawaii uh you know we've traveled abroad a little bit and we've not had any trouble so I think the answer is don't worry about that if you need something people are very generous in offering help next question what do you absolutely have to take with you any medications that are prescription that that you need that's the number one thing any medications that you have I had a friend of mine who told me that uh the thing you need to do is take more money and less clothes when you come to a climate like this which I thought was fairly fun advice things we absolutely felt we needed to take with us was we bought a display a portable backpack so when we went if we wanted to come out to the beach and have a picnic or if we wanted to take a day trip we weren't taking our big suitcases we had a collapsible backpack that we carry with us uh you have to take your bet you know things like your passport in all of these countries you always have to carry your passport and if you've got a car you have to have a driver's license and your passport and so you have to have a way to secure that uh what else I think that's it you know enough clothes that you're comfortable with uh you know we we uh we were laughing because we brought things thinking it'd be cooler at night how silly of us we haven't used our sweaters we haven't used or the jackets that we came in and we certainly haven't worn long pants except when we went in the rainforest so that was fun what did you take with you but you didn't need Rick will tell you that I uh yeah um I brought a digital camera with me that it's a nice camera it was four or five years old and it's no better than what is currently on my phone I didn't need to bring that uh I think it's different if you have a professional grade uh photographic equipment but other than that I think if you're just a tourist taking pictures your phone is going to be fine yeah the thing that like I said uh uh my husband laughed he said why did I bring so many pair of socks we haven't worn shoes except when we were in the rainforest and so comfortable shoes whether they're flip-flops or or thongs attached to your feet and then you need a really good pair of either tennis shoes or shoes if you're going to go in this country into the into the forest are very critical lightweight pants you know we got a book about the guide to Costa Rica that was particularly helpful to Rick and I uh we uh we at the last minute we threw in bug spray because he told us to and we knew that we could change our currency here easily which I think people need to be aware of you don't have to go to the bank and get colonies ahead of time or if you're traveling to any other country that the ATM handles that for you or you can go to a bank here and get that and so that was nice to know and uh other than that I think we you know we we would have brought maybe even more lighter clothes but we're from a climate where we thought it would get colder so uh we learned that you know we could have got by with less clothes in that regard it said what did you forget to take with you I'm not sure we forgot anything I forgot yeah if we if there was something we needed we've addressed it uh yeah we didn't I think Rick's comment about apps the absolute things you need to take with you are the things you can't live without your medicine that would be hard to replace here if you didn't bring your medicines uh clothes and shoes that you're comfortable with you always replace clothes but shoes are very difficult you need shoes you're comfortable with I personally brought four pair of shoes slip-ons sandals thongs and Tennis Shoes and I can rotate them if I depending on what I need but honestly I've mostly worn thongs and the shoes that strap on to go into the ocean what are the positive aspects of being a snowbird I don't know that we're snowbirds but we do enjoy taking vacations and in the wintertime we enjoy taking them in a warmer climate because we can be outside and it's interesting and we get to see a different culture yeah I I think we kind of discussed that before were snowbirds in a sense because we try to take our holiday when it's snowing at home but for us we don't go like we have friends that go to Arizona for three or four months a year we don't do that they take their pets with them we don't take our pet here uh we uh we are snow vacationers for sure and I would encourage people to do that it's such a wonderful mindset reset you know get away enjoy wherever you're at and then you come back so refreshed and it's very good for us as a couple to do that we just always feel like we reset each other and you know we've been married for 42 years and so hopefully that's good advice for other people how much money do you need to go snowboarding in your opinion you mean it's no birding it's no burning well the travel airlines are probably the most expensive they'll be several thousand dollars uh a car rental can be expensive uh two or three thousand dollars uh this year lodging uh it's up to you yeah lodging might be one to two hundred dollars a night uh meals fairly reasonable uh you you probably aren't going to spend a whole lot more than you would at home obviously you need to bring extra as well for souvenirs Etc it does require some money uh you don't obviously these days need to take it all with you just use an ATM machine uh as long as you've got it in your bank account but it it costs something it's worth it when I think about how much money you need you need money to live and so we're spending money here but we would also spend money at home my husband and I we have a budget for going out we like to go out for dinners and have tried to at least pre-pandemic go out once or twice a week it was just our special time to go out and so here that's what you're doing you're going out occasionally and so I think that again depending on what your needs are there's just up and down this beach there's a range of options for you if you want to go high-end you go up on the hill if you want to go lower end there's lots of options or the grocery store provides lots of options to you and so I think that based on what your financial means are you can make it work we're by no means wealthy people and we still make it work very comfortably we we don't feel we've had to you know we don't buy the most expensive food we don't buy the most expensive rooms uh maybe not the most expensive souvenirs but we certainly don't feel slighted by that do you think it's possible to cut costs without losing too much comfort I believe I answered that Health did you get additional health insurance for the time that you were away yeah we did get some travel insurance with a health component it covers you know a basic amount I believe it's as if something happened health related do you think you will be fine in your current location absolutely yeah we had a friend of ours who did get sick and needed to uh go and see a physician and got immediate and favorable results from having a problem when my husband and I traveled not on we went away for three weeks to Europe and my husband got sick and ended up having to go into the doctor and he got excellent care and assistance and our travel insurance covered that we were very happy with the results obviously it wasn't a large issue and I think it depends on the issue yeah I think the old only health issue in the Central American countries that people need to keep in mind and I would suggest to them is the same thing that happens to a lot of people when they travel and that's traveler's diarrhea or Montezuma's Revenge and being prepared for that understanding how that works and and being able to deal with it is very important it doesn't have to take you out but it can be problematic and so having the proper medicine and the knowledge to address how to avoid that or minimize it is really helpful what did you do with your house back home to prepare for the time you were away then our daughter is taking care of it she lives in the same town so that hasn't been a problem and we have a dog and we took it to our son and he's taking care of our son our dog so we're completely covered our neighbors will do our shoveling for us we we live in Montana and there's a lot of snow right now and we we have neighbors that will handle that for us what did you do with your mail our daughter takes care of it how do you keep in contact with family and friends that's pretty easy these days with Wi-Fi and texting and email I've been doing some work while I'm on vacation yeah I think that's very important that you really aren't very isolated in these days in age even if you're staying at an inn like we are that is not it's just a more basic more economy of minded in there's always good Wi-Fi and you can do anything with that on one of our recent trips that we took we met a gentleman from Canada and he was at the same hot springs that we chose to go to and he was explaining to us that he was working full time and did he look like it sitting in the hot tub in the hot pool and he said yeah I I've been traveling all over Costa Rica and working and so he what he didn't indicate specifically what type of job he had but he was hiking and hot pulling it and seeing the sights and working full-time without having to take a vacation what are the negative aspects of being a snowbird and possibly possibly getting behind on things back home uh as Joanne said we're both still working so we eat a little bit and we can't get uh uh too far behind on that I think the most negative aspect for Rick and I is we we have a pet we have a pup and you know we don't travel with our dog when we're gone this long we we have him stay with our son however we have a friend of ours who travels with her dog and so if you're traveling with a pet that's a whole different thing but that's a negative aspect of not having your animal obviously you miss your grandkids or you miss your friends or family uh I don't know that I think there's any particularly negative things about it all of those are very overcomeable we like the opportunity to get away advice for others what advice can you give other potential snowbirds what to do what not to do would you recommend others that are thinking about snowbirding to do that's your last question if you're going to a non-english speaking place I think it certainly helps to try and have some rudimentary grasp of of the language that's not possible in many cases but uh I think it it's a good thing when you can we are really really fortunate my husband and I because we have friends we have a woman that travels with us a widow that has gone on a few trips with us I always referred her as my husband's other other wife and she speaks the language and she has family that speaks Spanish and that is super helpful I have children who speak Spanish German Russian my my husband speaks a number of Poco of different things but I think two things being aware of the culture of people and being respectful of that is is just so important and I just like Rick says having some rudimentary fundamental knowledge is just respectful to the people of Costa Rica I mean being able to say gracias or you know whatever it is is just really helpful and I recommend and other than that just don't let your values be imposed on their values in this day and age with the airlines just understand that they're doing the best that they can you know and travel is light as you can my husband and I made a trip to Europe and we saw people lugging around baggy and we carried one bag between us because it was so important we were moving all the time and that was strictly a a tourism trip we weren't staying put for very long and so I would recommend to people to recognize and respect the airlines that are taking you here and the people that are doing it and also consider traveling light just consider you know reuse you don't need a bazillion things and just travel light and be knowledgeable of your whereabouts I mean one thing we were told about in Costa Rica is that we weren't we weren't physically in harm but that if I were to go and leave my cell phone on the table I might come back and it might be gone so just be respectful of that and don't tempt people just know know how to take care of your stuff and do it that's all I would say and enjoy your traveling

  Top Comments:
  1. @dovygoodguy1296: How would it be be possible to be in touch with Joanne and Rick by email? It would be great. The term is Farmacia, not farmaka! ;-) How bad are the insects??
  2. @dovygoodguy1296: How do you get a visa in Costa Rica for more than 90 days in a quiet area near amenities including medical services. I find my style similar to Joanne and Rick.

- Everything You Need to Know About Snowbird Retirement | Ep. 12: Kind: captions Language: en For a lot of Canadian retirees, there is a dream that comes with that retirement. It's sun, it's palm trees, it's the snowbird lifestyle where you spend part of the winter somewhere warm, [music] then you return home for the summer. Now, that all sounds great, but once you dig in, there's more to it than just packing your suitcase [music] and booking a flight. Welcome to episode 12 of Second Act. This is the series that we've designed to help Canadians navigate retirement with clarity and confidence. [music] Now, in the video today, I'm going to cover off the key financial and legal planning decisions behind the snowbird [music] dream. I'm going to look at why so many Canadians become snowbirds, the daycount and tax rules that you must follow, healthcare and travel insurance risks, the true cost of this lifestyle, renting versus owning a place down south, and crossber legal and [music] estate concerns. Thank you to Harvest ETS for supporting this entire series. I will be speaking more about them a little bit later in the video. Let's start with the obvious question. Why do so many Canadians choose the snowbird lifestyle? No doubt big part of that is escaping winter. You know, we've spent decades scraping windshields. The appeal of sunshine is pretty obvious, but there is more to the snowbird lifestyle than just warmer weather. Cold weather actually takes a toll on our aging bodies. Our joints, our energy levels, maybe even our mood in some cases, the shorter days, the longer nights, they can start to wear on you. Even simple errands start to feel like a bit of a chore. And then you retire and for the first time you control your own schedule. You don't have to ask anybody for vacation. You don't have to rush home on a Sunday night to be at work on Monday morning. You can finally ask yourself, if I could spend my time anywhere, where would I go? That is the true appeal of the snowbird lifestyle. It's the choice to live differently. Now, in this stage of life, time is your most valuable asset and where you spend it can make all the difference. [music] Let's look at that point where the snowbird dream bumps into legal reality. Because as tempting as it is to extend your stay down south, there is a hard line that you cannot afford to cross. Now, you've probably heard of the 183day rule. If you spend more than 183 days in the US in a calendar year, the IRS could consider you to be a US tax resident, even if you are a full-time Canadian citizen. That can open the door to things like US income tax filing obligations, possible double taxation on certain types of income, exposure to US estate tax even on your Canadian assets, and conflicts with your existing Canadian legal and financial structures. But here is where so many snowbirds get caught off guard. There is also what's called the substantial presence test. And this is a formula the IRS uses to total up your time in the US over 3 years. So it adds all of the days from the current year, onethird of the days from the previous year, then one sixth of the days from 2 years ago. And if that total hits 183 days or more, you could be deemed to be a US resident for tax purposes. And that is why tracking your days matters so much. You have to track them precisely. You can't round them. You can't estimate them. If you overstay by just a few days or a few weeks, even if it's due to illness, flight delays, you could face major tax consequences. If you're at all unsure, get professional advice. Talk with a qualified crossborder tax adviser who can help you calculate your day count, evaluate your risk, and walk you through options if needed. The US tax system is complex and when it comes to your residency status, it's always better to ask early than try and fix it later. Here's another area where a lot of first-time snowbirds get caught off guard. Every Canadian province has residency requirements for their public health insurance. Now, in most cases, you're going to need to be physically present in your home province for at least five to six months per calendar year in order to maintain your coverage. Now, this doesn't just mean having an address there. It means actually being there, and you're going to need your documentation to back it up if they ask for that. If you spend too long outside the country, your provincial coverage that could lapse, and getting it reinstated isn't always an automatic exercise. This is an obvious issue that creates real exposure, especially if you're dealing with chronic health conditions, prescriptions, or if you need care on short-term notice. Then there's the US health care system, which isn't cheap, and I'm putting that mildly. Even a short visit to an emergency room can cost thousands of dollars. A broken leg, a mild stroke, that could quickly run into five or six figures. It is the kind of thing that can derail a retirement plan literally overnight. So, obviously, medical travel insurance is non-negotiable, but this is what a lot of people miss. Not all policies are created equal. Before you buy, you're going to want to review coverage limits. Does the policy cover a million dollars, 5 million, or more exclusions, especially for high-risk activities or destinations. Pre-existing conditions. Now, some policies won't cover them or only after a short stability period. Deductibles. Know what you're going to have to pay out of pocket. and trip length factors in here. Many policies cap your coverage at 30 days, 60 days, 90 days and after that you may have to return home or reapply. Also consider emergency scenarios. If you are hospitalized, will you be treated there or will you be stabilized and shipped back to Canada? And here is a critical detail. If your health changes between now and your departure, a new prescription, a flare up, even just a test in many cases, you're going to have to update your insurer, or you may risk having them deny a claim. In just a few minutes, I'm going to look at the numerous costs that snowbirds need to be aware of. And one of those costs, of course, is travel. You've probably noticed travel isn't getting any cheaper. And when the prices rise, but planes, hotels, cruise ships are still packed, that tells you something about demand. And that's exactly what the Harvest Travel and Leisure Index ETF, ticker TVL, is designed to capture. This fund gives you exposure to a portfolio of global travel leaders, airlines, hotel chains, cruise lines, booking platforms, and entertainment companies. And these are household names that benefit directly from the rising travel activity and strong consumer demand that we're seeing these days. The fund is built around a focused index of leading travel and insurance companies. And for investors who want to generate more cash flow from the same group of companies, Harvest also offers TRVI, the Harvest Travel and Leisure Income ETF. It holds the same underlying portfolios as TRVL, but it uses an active covered call strategy to generate additional cash flow, which could be especially useful if you're drawing income in retirement. So whether you want exposure to travel sector growth or a higher income version of the same strategy, you can learn more about both of these funds at harvestf.com. Just scan the QR codes on your screen or click in the link in the description. Being a snowbird can absolutely be affordable, but we do have to keep it real. If you do not go into this venture with clear eyes and a well-built budget, then the lifestyle that was meant to bring you the freedom can quietly create a lot of financial strain. Let's look now at a few costs that tend to be consistently underestimated, especially by first- timers. Starting with travel, medical insurance. We covered the risks in detail just a few minutes ago, so I'm not going to repeat them here. But from a budgeting standpoint, this is one of the largest and most underestimated snowbird expenses. So just make sure that insurance is clearly built into your own snowbird budget. Secondly, currency exchange and fees. Every time you spend euros or US dollars using a Canadian credit card or convert money, there's a bike taken out by fees, exchange rates, or both. Now, over a few months, these small hits can add up. Think about it as well. If the looney dips, your spending power drops, too. So you should have a strong budgeting strategy in place that accounts for currency fluctuation risk. A lot of snowbirds set up a dedicated US dollar account to deal with this issue. Also consider transportation and travel logistics. Think of flights, rental cars, airport parking, extra luggage fees. There are a lot of little costs in between just getting there and back. And if you're a snowbird who likes to return home for the holidays, family events, medical appointments, then those repeat trips can quickly eat into your annual travel budget. Also, property related expenses. If you own a second home at your destination of choice, you have to think beyond just the purchase price. You will be responsible for property taxes, which are often higher for non-residents, HOA or park fees, maintenance and repairs, utilities and insurance, including special coverage for vacant periods. Even if you are renting, peak season prices can vary wildly by location and year, especially in higher demand areas like Florida or Arizona. Now, here's one that catches a lot of people offguard. Vacation mode spending, I'm going to call it. When you are in a sunny environment, meeting friends, going out more, sightseeing, spending can ramp up pretty quickly and you might not even notice it. You might eat out more, you might shop differently or book excursions that you normally wouldn't splurge on back at home. There's nothing wrong with that, but it does need to be part of your plan so that it does not get out of control. Bottom line here, you don't need to be wealthy to be a snowbird, but you do need a wellthoughtout, sustainable plan. The goal is to make sure that the lifestyle that you've dreamed of fits comfortably within your retirement and so that the pros always outweigh the cons. One of the biggest questions that regular snowbirds face is whether to rent a place each year or buy a second property. The truth here is that there is no one-sizefits-all answer. I want to start with the case for owning. Now, some retirees love having a permanent home base down south. Owning provides familiarity. You get to know your neighbors, your community, your routine. Consistency. No scrambling for a rental or wondering if prices will spike next year. Personalization. you can actually make your space truly yours. There's also potential savings over the long run, especially if prices rise. But owning also means you have tied up capital in a non-liquid asset, ongoing maintenance, taxes, insurance, and HOA fees, estate and crossber tax implications, especially if it's a US property, and a need to coordinate property management while you're away. So, if you are committed to a snowbird lifestyle and want to set roots in one community, owning can work. Just make sure that it aligns with your overall financial and estate plan. Now, I do want to look at the flip side. Renting does offer freedom, flexibility, especially in the early years. This is ideal if you just want to try out the lifestyle. If you want to test different locations before settling into one, if you'd rather avoid the responsibilities of home ownership, your health, your finances, family needs, they may change from year to year. One drawback is that rental places can fluctuate, and in peak months, demand is often very high, but renting does give you options. You aren't locked into a particular location or a community if it turns out that it's not the right fit for you. If you are new to this and still figuring out what works, it's probably best to start by renting. Think of it sort of as an extended factf finding trip. You're going to learn what size of home suits your needs, whether you prefer gated communities, RV resorts, beach condos, how accessible local healthc care, transportation, and amenities are, and how the lifestyle actually feels once the novelty wears off. After a season or two, you're going to be in a far better position to decide whether owning makes sense or whether the flexibility is still the right choice for you. Legal and estate planning is often a part of the snowbird list [music] that gets overlooked until something goes wrong. But if you own a property in the US or if you spend a significant amount of time there, then crossborder legal planning is essential. owning US property, even just a modest condo or a trailer, that could expose you to US estate tax. And this can apply even if you're a Canadian citizen and resident. The threshold for US estate tax is much lower for non-citizens than it is for Americans. And it is based on the value of your US situated assets at death. It doesn't matter if your overall estate is under the Canadian threshold. If the IRS sees you as having a taxable US estate, your heirs might be in for a nasty surprise. Now we should also talk about crossber wills and powers of attorney. Another important thing to consider here is that the standard Canadian will and power of attorney might not be recognized or enforceable in certain US jurisdictions. You may need a crossber will or at a minimum a US compliant will that addresses your US assets. Powers of attorney that meet legal standards in both countries for property and for healthcare. updated advanced medical directives that travel with you, especially if you're spending months at a time away. If you were incapacitated while you're abroad, your family will need documents that local hospitals and financial institutions actually recognize. Now, you also want to simplify things for your loved ones. Consider preparing an estate summary sheet. This is a single document that lists where your key assets are located, who your legal contacts are, what your wishes are if something happens, and how to access digital records and passwords. This doesn't replace legal documents, but it can help prevent chaos if your family suddenly does need to step in. Very, very important here. This is not DIY territory. The rules are complex. The consequences of doing something wrong or nothing is very expensive and can be stressful for your family. Again here, a good crossber estate lawyer can help ensure that your documents and your intentions hold up on both sides of the border. I hope by this point in the episode it is clear that snowboarding is a lifestyle choice and the people who thrive in it are the ones who actually treat it that way. They build in a rhythm between the two homes, two communities and two ways of life. They stay rooted in Canada. They maintain close ties here with your family, your friends, and the causes that you care about. At the same time, they do create meaningful routines and relationships wherever they land during the winter months. That could mean attending a local church or community center, volunteering part-time while you're abroad, staying active with things like golf, yoga, walking classes, dance classes, pickle ball, hosting friends or family for part of the season, or even continuing part-time remote work or projects that you are passionate about. There is something that these retirees all have in common and that is intentionality. They know that this is not a vacation. It's sort of a chapter of retirement that they are writing on their own terms. As I talked about way back in episode one of this series, retirement is a lot more than just not [music] working. It is about choosing how you want to live. And for a lot of Canadians, that snowbird life is a beautiful way to make the most of this chapter. This episode wraps up our second act series. 12 episodes that were designed to help Canadians transition into your own retirement with clarity, with confidence. If you have missed any of the previous episodes or you want to revisit a topic, click on the playlist on your screen. And if these videos helped you, consider sharing them with someone that you know who's getting ready for their own second act. As always, thank you so much for watching. I'll see you in another episode in the series. I'll put [music] the playlist right here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacilyndon3335 [21 likes]: Why did you assume snowbirds only go to the US? Mexico, Costa Rica and Panama are all better options!!!
  2. @Miles_High1 [6 likes]: This is the year that Florida and Arizona will be dealing with not many returning Snowbirds. The present government and their policies and threats are to blame. I have friends and  family that will not be going to the US this year. Instead it will other places like Mexico and Spain. It would be interesting to know any tax rules for  places other than the US. Also I have heard about Snowbirds selling their homes or condos.
  3. @willkeen5010 [3 likes]: Thank you, Marc. We are about five years away from retirement and I will be 55 at that point. We plan on spending a bit of time where it is warmer, but our plan is to stay only one month and rent a place. We will be driving down so if our health remains, this is the plan we hope to execute. Hopefully by then, the relationship will be different with our two countries.
  4. @Adman-p4j [2 likes]: Don't spend your money in the USA. They have turned their backs on us so we should be doing the same.
  5. @ddj2010 [2 likes]: 7:59 I’ve used Canadian-based USD ETFs that pay dividends in USD for my USD expenses to remove all conversion costs. These usually have a “.U” in their stock symbol.
  6. @benhaze1010 [2 likes]: Before you buy US medical travel insurance you better make sure you have filled up correctly the insurance form; and watch out for Manulife insurance. Do your researches and come to your own conclusions on their real potential coverage.
  7. @kentucker6298 [1 likes]: We have been to the Philippines after going to US for 22 years. We are very pleased and a about 40% of US.
  8. @guyzer6197 [1 likes]: Can you do a video for starting investing in your 40s and 50s. Love the channel.
  9. @benhaze1010 [1 likes]: Wow I did not know about the 3-year US calculation. Never heard of it before and a big factor to consider.
  10. @PIIforever [1 likes]: Great video Marc! All the best in 2026!
  11. @roberttaylor3594 [1 likes]: If I was snowbirding anywhere, Jan 05 to March 15 would do it for me.  Back in time to watch winter leave and spring arrive (where I live, anyway).  A three month cruise would work mighty fine!
  12. @northshorehighlanders6167: Priorities: do you want to add years to your life or make a "political statement" that affects or phases no one? 

Marc has given an outline, but NOTHING beats finding someone who IS a snowbird and picking their brains, thoroughly.
  13. @agaumrod: Is this video also brought to us by the USA??
  14. @momo35444: Thanks Marc! great video for retirement.

- Best Oral Health Advice for Snowbirds from Dr. Andrew Browne of Pompano Beach, Florida: Kind: captions Language: en what is the best advice that I can get for snowbirds regarding their regarding their oral health uh I would have to say consistency um if you're coming back and forth between here in Florida and other places you know people here they they tend to only come for a couple months at a time maybe they're here for six months nine months two months um just really having some kind of consistency between whether it's us or another dentist or two other dentists just knowing really what's going on with your oral health and keeping you really on track with your three to six month appointments

- Snowbirds: Living in Two Places - Worth It?: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Every fall we do this little dance between two worlds. We wrap up our life in Canada, say our goodbyes, and trade cool autumn air for the warmth of the Pacific coast. It's always a rush to get everything done before we go. And every year, no matter how many times we make this journey, there's a moment where it all hits me. The sadness of leaving our kids, our routines, and the comfort of home. So, in today's video, we want to talk honestly about what it's really like to be snowbirds, to live between two homes, and whether after all these years, it's truly worth it. Okay, it's time. We are at the airport hotel and it is time for Snowbirds to take off and fly south back to Portoa airport on route to Busaras. Goodbye Ontario. We'll see you again very soon. But once we step off the plane in Porttoarda, breathe in the ocean air and feel the sunshine on our faces, we're home again, just in a different place. Every time we make this journey, we learn something new about ourselves. We're reminded that home isn't just one place. It's the people we meet, the routines we fall into, and the memories we create wherever we go. Hola buenos. >> We are back in our happy place. We are on the beach in Busousaras Narit Mako. >> Very quiet at this time of season. >> Yes. So, we are enjoying our walk and then we are going to get back home before it heats up. >> It's too hot. >> Too hot. Hot. Oh, we're back. This year we arrived just in time for Dia de los Muentes. The streets of Portto Viarda were alive. Music, color, families remembering their loved ones. We've never seen so many people on the Malacon. It's one of those moments when you feel the heartbeat of Mexico, a celebration of life, of love, and of connection that somehow makes you reflect on your own journey. And maybe that's what inspired this conversation, to really talk about what it means to live between two worlds, to move with the seasons, and to ask ourselves, is this seasonal living right for you? [Applause] I am. >> And once we settle in, everything becomes clear. The sadness fades a little and the routine starts to feel familiar again. The warmth helps our bodies. The slower pace helps our minds and the friendships we built here both with locals and with other snowbirds. They make this place feel like a community. Looking ahead at the months of sunshine, beachw walks, hikes, good food, and just living more simply, we're reminded why we chose this life in the first place. In the shape of a heart. pretty. So, one of the really fun things every year is to find out what has happened since we've been in Canada. >> Yes. And lots has happened. >> Yeah. Every year. >> Um building new buildings, >> new developments, new buildings, new restaurants, um and new little shops to check out. So, come on with us while we go and look and see what changed this year. But first, we're going to go visit Sandra, our local friend, and have a little breakfast. >> Exactly. Hola, >> buzz. So, we are at one of our favorite restaurants that's in the Golden Zone, which is called Kaboko. >> Oh, gracias. This is our first time here this year. And one of the things that we were just talking about was um where we're going to go for dinner. And um we are spoiled for choice. There's so many places that we can go for a wonderful dinner tonight with our friends or just by ourselves. We can go to uh a wonderful place for tacos, pakaria. We can go to um a fancier place if we want fish tacos on the beach. We can go to um a new restaurant that just opened. >> Um what were you saying? >> Yeah, a lot has happened here with new restaurants. So, no, I'm still undecided. We were saying that it's just amazing to have such a choice of restaurants within walking distance. I mean, within, you know, a 15-minute walk of our home and uh every year we want to go back to our favorites, but we also want to try the new ones. >> We are back in Buseras. And this video talks about transition because we've been here a couple of weeks now. And one of the things that um we notice is that there is definitely a transition period. Uh it starts before we leave and ends when we get here. But how did we decide to come here is um something that a lot of people ask us. >> Yeah. So, uh, several years ago, we were introduced, uh, to this area, uh, by friends of ours from Canada. And, uh, so, of course, we had no intentions at that time to purchase, but, uh, merely to come for a little vacation. >> Mhm. And when we arrived, we uh really we certainly saw the difference of uh people living here uh uh half the year and it it certainly occurred to us that uh possibly this could be a good lifestyle for us. We saw lots of people like us that also loved Mexico. Um, but they had made it their home for part of the year and we also saw that they were having a really good time. >> Yeah. So, of course, we started out with one week or two week trips and uh so then it it got a little longer and we realized that this is possibly something we could actually do, >> right? This is somewhere where we might be able to spend several months a year. We also saw the benefits to it which um are many. of course the absolutely beautiful Pacific Ocean, uh the weather, um but also the um the freedom that it gave us to uh do things during the winter that we're really not able to do back in Canada. >> Yeah. Although we we certainly love our winters in Canada and we do find activities in those situations, but I think at this stage in our life, we wanted to find somewhere where we could spend several months and and enjoy the sun and warmth >> uh uh daily. And uh so this uh was definitely the start uh in making this decision to uh have a place here for half the year. >> Yeah. So that's how it started. We saw somebody else doing it. We came down and tried it out and thought, "Yep, we think this might be for us." >> Yeah. So then we we started the process of uh just looking in different areas. Uh we certainly fell in love with uh uh Portto Viarta. >> Mhm. >> But we wanted a a smaller community >> right >> outside of Porttoarta >> and a smaller town, more traditional. Uh we wanted to be in uh a traditional neighborhood with lots of little shops and restaurants that uh so our amenities were close and near us >> and uh we would have the freedom of not having to drive and getting around on foot. >> Uh we certainly love to walk everywhere and of course back home we would do the same. Uh but here it's a lot more accessible for us and uh so we we just started to stay in different locations and see what area would work best for us. >> Right. >> Well, there's certainly a learning curve when you're making the the decision to be a snowbird. uh there's a lot of things that you need to adjust to and uh so you want to take a lot of things into consideration when you're making those first steps. >> That's right. I think one of the new things for us was the different rhythm that uh our lives took on. Uh we generally come down in either the late fall or early winter, stay for 3, four, 5 months. Um even six, I think we did one year. Um go back home to Canada and uh we're there for 6 months and then back again. But what that does mean is that twice a year uh we move. Everything pretty much is packed up for the whole season and put away means that uh when we leave here as well in the condo things are put away uh for that 6-month period and there is a lot of work involved in that. >> Yeah. So, when you're leaving home, uh, everyone has to contend with, uh, getting your house ready, uh, to vacate for however many months you plan to leave. And also, you're having to arrange possibly having someone come in and check in on your home. So when leaving your home wherever you are in the world, uh there are a lot of things to take into consideration and one of them is your house insurance. So you that will determine uh the length of time you're away from your home and you want to be sure that you have someone checking in on that house or condominium uh to make sure that uh it's >> if anything does go wrong then your uh insurance is valid. >> As well we have two vehicles. They uh and the camper van of course that needs to be winterized while we're gone. So that's a whole procedure. >> Then there is um all of the preparations that we need to do to make sure that everything is okay while we're uh down here. And then again in the spring before we leave here, the same kind of thing happens. And so, um, you know, understanding that twice a year you are going to spend some time organizing your life where you wouldn't have to necessarily if you just stayed in one place. >> Yeah. For sure. >> And if you've ever moved, you will remember how much work it really is. The packing, the decisions. We get a little decision fatigue. um the uh planning and preparation, um the paperwork even and the organization that you really do need to have uh in order to um uh keep things going smoothly and not get yourself into a sticky situation. And it's a lot of work. It's um uh a lot to keep in mind and um it uh can be stressful because you do want to remember everything. Uh and um though we do have checklists and so on, >> uh it still it's a daunting uh procedure every year uh twice a year. >> Yes. Uh we're very family oriented and we like spending time with our family as much as possible. So before we leave in the fall, we want to see our adult children as much as we can and um and over the summer spend uh as much time with them uh and connect uh with everybody. But inevitably there are people that we didn't get to see. Uh and there are um family events that uh we know we are going to miss this year. Uh we don't plan to be home for Christmas and um that is um a difficult thing because um we will miss out on that and it's definitely a drawback. It is not something that makes me happy. I don't like missing Christmas with my family. I love Christmas with my family. But at the same time, um we do want to experience new Christmases um and uh and have those new experiences. >> These are decisions you need to make and come to uh understanding that this is the decision we chose to make. And uh we're very fortunate that our children uh have busy lives and uh that they accept what we are doing and uh we really appreciate that from them. >> Yeah, they're supportive. There's no resentment there. They also wish that we could all be together, but they I think understand that uh this is a time in our life where um we want to do new things and do things a little differently. >> Yeah. And if um there are things in their lives and and we think gosh, you know, it would be nice to be there in the flesh to support them. >> Uh and we do find that um that that weighs on us and is one of the things that we do have to adjust to and we do have to accept it. >> Yeah. And and make our peace with that. >> Right. And we're not the only ones. Of course, everyone that does stay here down for four or 6 months, they certainly are going through the same situation. >> That's right. >> And again, they've made that decision and and have uh come at peace with that. And we don't have parents but uh a lot of our friends uh find that that is a difficult thing. Leaving their parents who may be having some health challenges being older and and are used to their support and not being there I think can uh that can be difficult as well. >> Yeah. >> One of the things that makes all of that easier is knowing what we are going to experience once we come down. Of course, warm weather is part of it. Knowing that you are going to have that waiting for you here um makes it easier and then knowing that we're going to get together um with our friends here. >> Yeah, it's wonderful for your mental health and uh with that said as well um you're creating new friendships. We have uh made some very close friends here and so part of the fun is seeing everybody again um and planning new exciting things to do with them. Whether it's going for a hike to uh a new town or uh a day trip uh and a little adventure somewhere. Um >> a beach day. a beach day or even just uh an evening of uh of fun and music together. Uh catching up. >> Yeah. Catching up on what happened to everybody over the summer back home and uh and hearing the new developments in everybody's life. And that is a rhythm that we didn't really think about before. Um, and that really adds, I think, to uh our our great social life. >> The wonderful thing is that Jesse and I uh spend a great deal of time together that we thoroughly enjoy and we have a lot of the same interests. We definitely support one another in decisions when it comes to new activities and uh so that is beneficial for both of us in our well-being, right? And uh so and as well with our friends uh they like to do different and new things and and we're definitely involved with that. We tend to spend more time in the outdoors when we're down here and also the adventures of being in an outdoor climate. There's always something exciting when we're on our walks. >> Yeah. Some of it is the rhythm of the place that we live in. So this year we were able to take part in Dia de los Muertos the day of the dead festival >> which was absolutely incredible. >> It was >> uh it was our first experience. the festivals as well as all the celebrations are continual here in Mexico and so therefore there's a great deal of family traditions and uh so that's very exciting for us when we come and we certainly like to take part in that or at least observe it and and and take in the wonderful atmosphere that holds >> and then there are the day-to-day activities that become part of our new routine like the Sunday market whether it's down in Beras where we are or over in uh Lacloo Dwanaki which is a nearby town they have a big Sunday market uh and it's really a whole day thing or uh they have turtle releases on the beach um or maybe you're going to play pickle ball or go golfing or um yoga There's wonderful yoga classes and uh and then there are just the regular pub quizzes and um uh and evenings out with friends uh that are um both planned and just spontaneous. Uh going out for a taco evening um is definitely a different way of life than it is at home. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. Heat. After five winters here, we've realized that we don't have to choose on that we can love both. >> Yes, here we are again. Our fifth winter in Mexico. I can hardly believe it. It's been that long and that we've become so used to doing all of the uh snowbirdy things that we saw other people doing and now we're uh taking part. Uh and so it's uh a real learning curve. We have got quite settled and uh so schedules and patterns are much different here and uh so these are some of the things that we're enjoying and our daily activities are quite wonderful and enjoying things that we normally wouldn't do back home. Moment we land here and we smell that smell and feel that sunshine, we do remember why we came and why all that work was worth it because um it is a very very special time between us for our marriage to be together to find new things uh out together and to enjoy um the wonderful weather and the season here because it really adds a lot to our health um and wellness and happiness uh that um we didn't find uh was the case in the winter in Canada. Yes, the sun, the beach, the the great uh the beautiful flowers and all the wonderful plants certainly invoke great new passions for us and uh and and certainly keeps us highly motivated here to do new things. Um so we're definitely work together. Each one of us have things that we like to do every day and that's uh brought great joy in our relationship and uh these are the things that you need to consider is uh how wonderful it is to have the time whether it's you know a month 2 months maybe 6 months. Of course, it's not all sunshine, literally and figuratively, because there's a lot of preparation that goes into it. There is a lot of times of missing your family um and being away for special occasions. Um and that does not get easier. >> We stay in touch with their lives. >> Yes, the internet is a wonderful thing >> and grateful for that. And yes, um and grateful too that um we do have that opportunity because we do know people um who may have parents that need care or um uh children and grandchildren at home that uh still need that uh support daytoday. And we are very grateful that we are able to uh leave things back home and and come down here or wherever we're going um uh for an extended period of time. And even though we're sad to leave them, uh we're not worried that things aren't going well. So that is uh does add to our peace of mind. >> Yeah. So for Jesse and I, this is our time and our moment as we don't have any restrictions. uh now we don't have those responsibilities with aging parents or grandchildren at this point in time. So we have chosen this as our time >> and having two homes uh has become uh a natural thing uh whereas at first it uh really wasn't. Uh that did take some time and uh uh >> yes it was it was quite daunting >> but now we feel a balance right now. >> We definitely do. >> It has come uh full circle and and we've sort of um been able to pick through things and pick out the things that are important and put the things not so important uh to the side for now. >> Absolutely. Now, what would be great is if you would subscribe to our channel, and that way we can share a whole bunch more of uh our lifestyle here. Um, and give you some ideas if you're thinking about becoming a snowbird or just dreaming about it one day. Um, we can show you a little bit about what life is like here. Yes, we can certainly answer any questions you have. And uh definitely want to thank you for watching. >> Yes, thank you for watching >> and give us a thumbs up. >> Join us again um as we bring you more from Mexico over this winter um and show you a little bit more of our snowbirding life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @stephanieestep5429: I had t thought about the insurance piece if you are away for an extended period of time. Great reminder.
  2. @MattandJodiLester: Enjoying your videos and perspective. 👍
  3. @Sandra-cm5ez: This is my first year of doing this. I don’t have much family, so it’s a bit easier for me. I live in Michigan, the only family I have is in Ontario. I have an apartment in Puerto Vallarta. We’ll see… I’ve been coming here for 30 years and always wanted to be a snowbird here. Fell in love the first year 🇲🇽
  4. @freetowandernow: Thanks for being here.  If you’ve lived in two places or made a seasonal move before, we’d love to hear how the transition feels for you.
Does leaving home get easier? Harder? A mix of both? It would be great to hear about your experience below :)

- Making Embellishments - Snowbird challenge #2: Kind: captions Language: en hi everyone this is Sarah and I'm crafting and relaxing and I wanted to show you the second part of the Snowbird challenge working with the very specific supply list if you didn't see the first video go back because then it'll make more sense just a couple of quick items this is the tag that I put together and again it's embroidery floss four strands here one strand here and then doubled up so probably twelve here and just I just glued a whole bunch of little things together and layered them up and there's bits of teal throughout and I used a sharpie and a white pen to tie it all together so I think that turned out pretty fun considering the very limited amounts of stuff that I used on it here's one that's interesting and I would probably put a words a word or a phrase or something off to the side so that's why I kind of piled things over here this is my Kleenex box I ran out of Kleenex tonight and I just glued a bunch of stars on it because the paper is coated I didn't have some really fun pens but I did take a ultrafine black sharpie and put some black dots in there and this is the one that I started this morning so there's paint on the top flower and glitter in the center and glitter on the dots and then a flag out to the side and that when I left flat and then this one is the same flower just layered up different so the bottom one has pink painter in kana they can't recall and it was already done so I just grabbed it off the table but you could do the same thing with acrylic paint if I used ink and then flowers and then another flower and then I took the same yellowish flower and cut the petals off of it and light blue just because I had at hand and then stuck a pearl in the middle I'm pretty sure that you have pearls but what I really want to show you about this adorable little tag is watch this it's a tag that came with a shirt I was tidying up and I saw it on the floor and I almost threw it away and then I thought wait a minute so again just be looking around and thinking about what's in your house Kleenex box bit of cardstock the Stars remember from my tea bag this turned out pretty cute too if you look at this because the star was silver I was trying to find what I had so I had a silver pen and I did dots here and I went around the layers and again I just glued them together so just look around at what you have this was junk mail that came this striped pretty paper so just take a look see what you have lay the stuff out and layer it all up what's the worst that can happen you can throw it away most of it was in normal day I would have thrown away my would have recycled my Kleenex box thrown away the tag off the floor and until I started watching gift basket appeal it never occurred to me to look inside my envelopes and see if they were pretty inside okay enjoy your crafting thanks for watching this video and be sure and subscribe to crafting and relaxing and you can even click the bell next to the subscription so you get notified when I post new videos because you never know when it will be thanks again have a great weekend

  Top Comments:
  1. @noniemay5085: How clever to use the Kleenex box and Marshalls tag, I would have never thought of that.  Goodness only knows I've thrown so many Marshalls tags away (won't any more) and I'm ready to empty the Kleenex boxes just to cut them up.  How did you curl the multi-layered flower?  Thank you for the great ideas!

- Inside The Nest at Snowbird — Architecture at 9,200 Feet: Kind: captions Language: en [music] This building, it has this very unique, magical, magnetic [music] feeling like when you go there, it's magnified in front of your face. [music] I want them to be out by the beauty of the mountain backdrop. [music] This is the new nest restaurant on mid mountain of snowboard. My name is Sununjukan. I'm a lead architect for [music] GSBS. The core idea of this building design was taking [music] snowboard identity and looking around the mountain and its [music] own characteristic. Snowboard has such a unique culture. All of those blending into this building that was very [music] important for us to translate right. The mountain [music] itself is so beautiful, grand. There's no kind of [music] building that's going to compete with the nature. It has to be part of it. The flow [music] or sequence the skiers will experience this building starts from the mountain. You have this [music] free flow feeling coming down from the mountain and then gliding [music] into the building smoothly. And this entryway is really [music] telling you where you're heading to. Once you're on the deck, there's a music fireplace. And then [music] once you are coming in, the first thing that welcomes you is this beautiful mountain [music] draw. The texture, the colors just coming through this diagonal glass skin [music] is just waiting for you to give you the the memorable impression. But in the meantime, the convenience of right [music] next to you get into the restroom. The scarce restroom is very unique. The way we designed is to flow around it to provide high volume, easy use inside of the this building. Then you are here to get some food. The food is the draw of the this building. It created intentionally the the contrast [music] the outside this bright snow glaring glass view versus it's it's almost darkened intentionally and then once [music] you're in there all the lightings and uh display is all about highlighting the food quality and the service quality is is we just carefully calculate to to create this uh focus on the food and the warmth that's radiating from the kitchen area behind the ceiling of the dining space. We wanted to use this warmth material. It has to do with the identity of the original med building. It's the ceiling [music] that has this grand scale that that has this unique pattern of the triangulars. [music] The texture is so delicate, you know, is rough. It's it's relating to the mountain as well as relating to the construction itself. Snowbird never had this cliche of European trying to be someone else kind of architectural [music] style. They were always modern architecture. They use this strong rough concrete. [music] The glass is always there. And in this version being a [music] mountain location, they have they utilized this strength of the steel structure and then cladded with all glass to maximize the [music] view. But in the meantime, everyone would say when they walk into the building, how comfortable, how [music] they feel welcomed in this place. So that's snowboard [music] kind of architecture that we try to translate in this building. I think it'll be iconic [music] and last for a long time. The original building lasted 50 years. [music] I hope it still provides the pleasant and comfortable place for the skiers. They can always think about, oh, I have to go to the nest to find my moment and take a break. Collectively [music] all the team from GSPS snowboard owners group and the contractors tried keep our standard high and then aimed for the best ever building quality for its construction [music] and design. That's how we could deliver this project. So it's it's to everyone's credit that we could make this happen. >> [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @TT-ch2pz [3 likes]: I don't understand how you can have a flat roof in an area that gets that much snow.
  2. @SteveThompson-li2fc [2 likes]: I love the interior and glass work,  but why have a flat roof in a place that averages 400” of snowfall every year?  Beautiful architecture which compliments the Brutalism of the existing buildings at Snowbird in any case.
  3. @aleaseperkinson1244 [1 likes]: goal achieved and so grateful to all.
  4. @fieldstoneco: This episode is a bit different. The Nest isn't a residence, but it's a mountain structure that feels too interesting to ignore. What do you think of this one?
  5. @BrookeBradford-r8w: I’ve not been to Snowbird for years, and haven’t visited the new “Nest”, but here’s my opinion from the video review.  Many years ago my job was to clean up the Midgad restaurant at night and make coffee for the groomers… What looks like streamlined steel structure currently supporting the perimeter is IMHO a downgrade from the wooden beams that they replaced.  What was more of a mountain lodge feel has become what feels almost military/official/otherworldly.  

Just a thought.
  6. @ruffpace: Shooting location in Pluribus?
  7. @HallmarkMan-b1g: Beautiful. How they make this structure for the glass? It has to be very strong because the glass is heavy and they made this marvelous.🎉

- Make Cards with Specific Supplies - Snowbird Challenge #1: Kind: captions Language: en good morning I'm gonna do an unedited quick video for a friend who needs some ideas you snowbirds out there or people that are traveling or maybe you're traveling for work so you're staying in a hotel and you'd like to have your free time but you don't have a lot of supplies so this challenge came from a friend who doesn't have a lot of supplies with her and that's why these items are chosen she does have a silhouette and she's much better at using it a silhouette is like a cricket you can cut shapes and words and all sorts of things so that's why you'll see that I'm using a lot of fancy shapes but not a lot of supplies overall so let me show you what I've got going this morning so here's a tag you could cut a whole bunch of these on a silhouette I actually just cut it and punched it then I got into the cupboards and don't take all the food out of the boxes that upset your husband but you can take the lids or your candy boxes so this is a thinner box this one I wanted some craft colored paper so I took the lid off but it's a little thick but it's crackers and then I wrapped embroidery floss around it she does have embroidery floss with her I used it full thickness because I was in a hurry but you could take them apart you could twist them together and then wrap them around whatever you want to do you could also use them for stems for flowers so you could make like the front of a card and have some silhouette cut flowers and your stems could be embroidery floss okay so I'm going to put that down then I would glue that on I probably won't actually glue everything together just because of time right now to show you then when I cut these I was practicing on the silhouette so they're not my favorite papers they're just things I was trying but imagine them in actual corresponding colors so then I could put this right here and I could take a little tag and stick it right here and then look I have another little tag I could layer that one on top and I wouldn't necessarily use two of the same color right there or layering and have it go like that and then I think she has some pearls so we could put some pearls in the middle of that what I was going to show was the use of glitter because she's been to the fabulous glitter store but don't know if she's used it yet and I haven't opened a bottle of loose glitter in about a hundred years but I'll show you what I would do on this with my art glitter glue for example so we're still working on the same item but I could have grabbed any one of these flowers so I would take this oops always put your pin in there we go we're back in the game okay so I would put this around here and like I said I this is my first attempt I haven't tried that and I see I have a glob in my glue so let's get that out of there I haven't tried that our glitter glue at all actually with glitter yet okay there we go then I would take this loose glitter somewhere I have a little tiny spoon you don't need a spoon but you could just go like this and I always put a piece of paper under it when I'm doing glitter or embossing powder because you're gonna want that back and then just tap that off and how much you tap it depends a little bit on your style okay so like I said this is my first attempt so the art glitter glue does a great job really piling it on so I think what I would do is remember our glitter glue dries clear so I would let this dry and then take a look at it and I might want to do some petals like I might take my art glitter glue and put like dots on the petals I think we'll just do that at least one now so you can see what I'm talking about like I might do something like that on each petal because I think that would be kind of fun or if I had a lot of time I'm what you do I might do outlines on the petals or little stripes down them or something and then I don't know if you can tell but not only is it sticking to the art glitter glue but it's also dusting the pedal a little bit so there will be some if you have really fine glitter there will be some elsewhere on it and I'm fine with that I think that's good the other thing you can do and I'll show you on a different one since I have wet glue on there is you can take these paper flowers that I cut with the silhouette and curl them up and crinkle them this way I'm gonna have mismatched petals on here but that's okay you can do different things here's one forgive the paper okay remember I was experimenting but these are all tags and a circle and flowers that I cut on the silhouette and then layered up so this gives you an idea and what you could spend your time making now is this middle section because it takes a long time the layer goes up and I'm not sure if you can tell it all in the video but I also took a pen and added some sparkle to the petals just like we would be doing with glitter here so there's a couple ideas for you you'll notice this flower is pink I rubbed in comb it the other side was just regular cardstock and right here I have one that I just did this morning it's mostly dry that I took just Calypso blue first grab and put some one because I wanted you to see that so you're certainly not limited in any way to the papers that you have think about what inks you have what sharpies you have you can just as well take here's a cute little flower my gold pin doesn't always work very well but let's try it you could take this pin and go around the leave the edges a little and this is the kind of stuff that I love to do when I have lots of time and not a lot of supplies traveling if I just put four things in a bag I'll get super super detailed with whatever I'm doing so I might try my pens acting up I might try making little stitches around the edges like I said I probably also would try some okay so this isn't working very well so I think what I'll do is I'll just go back and I'll just darken it up I need more coffee there we go so I might just darken it up and decide okay on this one I'm gonna color it and around and don't be too critical if your lines aren't straight like my circle of glitter wasn't perfectly round and this isn't perfect when you put it all together it's amazing and you don't notice that what you notice is the layers of texture and color so okay I showed you some glitter I've got you to look through the cupboards in your house that's the important part rate and look at all your food packaging and that sort of thing your different embroidery floss I have some items that here too that you could think about you can cut tons of letters flowers hearts tags and then you can put embroidery floss and make a loop on these I would definitely before I called them done take a piece of embroidery floss and either poke it through this way and tie it just like on that little tiny tag what I like to do is I like to take it like this loop it around pull the strings and then cut this to the length that I like okay this is way too long so something like that the other way and since I cut it too long I can show you the reason I say it's too long is this is a really long item already and I make cards if you make scrapbook pages and that's great so then I'm going to take this and I'm going to tie it the other way that I like to do it which is where it's tightened down by the card itself and then has a loose end that is a little more showy for embellishments often that one's not perfect but you get the idea because you can take these in and kind of fray them out and line them up so I would make it if I was making different embellishments I would do different things with the thread to add some interest the other thing you can do is take a piece of this and just tie it in a knot and double this up here let me show you so you're gonna have 12 strands right cuz there's six so you're double it up and then I might even double it up again because keep in mind she doesn't have a bunch of different twines and stuff so she's gonna have to get creative with her embroidery floss there we go and then you'll see on different cards and stuff and it's one of those things you think oh that's not gonna look cute and it does okay so we can take this look these actually go together and this and then I would take this item right here trim this down a little that one was a little short it's an experimental I'd rough up the ends so it fluffs and I would glue this in the center of my flower right here oh shoot put your pin back in right I keep telling you that put your pin back in there you go okay so I put that right on there and this one turned out very match II um I didn't plan it that way right these items didn't go together this is a circle that I cut on printed paper I took a black sharpie yep black sharpie pretty fancy went around the edge and then I put white I took my white pen and went around the edge also so you'll see how adorable that turned out and how not expensive it was so you could also before you put that bow on there put some glitter on those petals though I'm using the term pretty loosely but see how ridiculously cute that was for how easy to make and then you could take something like this and put it here you'll see on card making and scrap booking we use Flags everywhere I mean they are ridiculously trendy you could cut stars cut tons of stuff lay it out like this and glue it and layer it up and I also set these out of here's another shape of tag I also set these out just because you could see look at packaging when you buy it if you get a gift and it has a ribbon on it the other thing you could do is if you're making embellishments you don't need a lot of stuff so ask your friends down there and trade especially if you have a silhouette you could offer to cut a dozen stars and flowers for somebody and they'll give you you know a couple inches of ribbon you don't need a lot of quantity so trading is a great idea this is one more thing I want to show you and then I have to get ready for work this is tiny little flowers cut exactly the same size so I bought this of course but you could layer these up these have foam mount tape but you could use like tiny pieces a cardboard or you could just try it with your cart glitter glue and spin them and then it just has a jewel in the middle the other thing I'm seeing a lot on videos that I'm gonna try this weekend with the silhouette is take a word like the one I saw recently that was very cute was smile meld it together so it's one item and then cut three of them and glue them together with your art glitter glue because then when you lay them down on your embellishments it has more texture than if you just had one so you could mix those in with one's 3d and one isn't so just lay a bunch of stuff out and play with it I mean how cute would this be if I glued this all down on here and don't don't worry about it just lay a bunch of stuff out and have a great time okay and keep in mind that you don't have to go to work today and some people do okay talk to you soon everybody have a great day and thank you so much for hanging out with me and watching my video here at crafting and relaxing

  Top Comments:
  1. @noniemay5085: Thank you so much for posting this.  It gave me inspiration today. Can you do one on the embossing powder? Thanks!

- Snowbird of the Frozen Forest ❄️✨ | Magical Bedtime Lullaby Song for Kids | Frozen Princess Story: Kind: captions Language: en In a forest far beyond the snow, where silent winds of winter blow, Elsa walked with gentle light through Silver trees in endless night. Jack said, "Softly, hear that song. Something ancient feels so wrong." But drifting on the icy air was a whisper calling her. There a glowing snowflake, shining bright, floating softly in the night. She reached her hand. The sky grew still. The forest trembled on the hill. Oh, snowbird, snowbird, don't lose your way. Even in the coldest gray. When winter tries to steal your song, love will guide you back where you belong. Ooh. Oh, through frozen skies you'll fly again. Spring will follow winter's end. From swirling frost a shadow rose. A sorceress of silent snows. I froze my heart so I won't cry and turned my tears to birds that fly. Magic clashed in crystal light. Silver sparks in darkest night till Elsa's glow began to fade and into snowbird she was made. Golden feathers cage of ice. Lonely winds that whisper twice. Jack stood trembling in the snow. I won't let winter win, he swore. Oh, snowbird, snowbird, hear my call. Hope is stronger than the fall. Across the storms, across the night, I'll bring the dawn. will bring the light. Where courage blooms in frozen air, a tiny flower waits somewhere. Through blizzards hate and shadows deep, past frozen falls and cliffs asleep. He found a bloom of flame and snow. A snowflower with a gentle glow. Half of winter, half of spring, carrying warmth on silver wings. Oh, snowbird, snowbird, you are free. Break the chains of mey. Together, frost and wind will rise, painting hope across the skies. let sorrow turn to shining song. Let winter bloom where hearts belong. Hand in hand beneath the trees, snow melts into melodies. And in the forest, once so cold, new spring stories now unfold. sleep now little heart sleep tight. Even winter ends in light.

- Learn English through story| Beautiful Snowbird story | fluent in English | improve your english: Kind: captions Language: en hello dears welcome to my channel story English please don't forget to subscribe my channel for more stories now let's start once upon a time in a small village nestled amidst snow-covered mountains lived a little bird named snowbird Snowbird was known for her beautiful white feathers that glistened in the sunlight she had Big Dreams and aspirations that went beyond the boundaries of her Tiny Village Snowbird had always dreamed of flying to warmer lands where the sun Shone brightly and the flowers bloomed all year round but there was one problem the cold Winters made it difficult for her to survive outside her Village the icy winds and heavy snowfall kept her grounded leaving her longing for a different life one chilly winter morning as snowbirds sat on a tree branch she noticed a group of geese flying in a perfect Reformation overhead they were heading south migrating to warmer climates Snowbird was filled with admiration and inspiration she watched them with Envy wishing she could join them on their Journey determined to fulfill her dreams Snowbird decided to seek guidance from Wise Owl the oldest and wisest bird in the village she approached Wiseau and shared her desire to migrate with the geese why Sal listen attentively and then imparted his wisdom Snowbird Wiseau said the geese have learned to work together and support one another they fly information to conserve energy and make their Journey easier if you want to follow your dreams you must find your own flock and work together with others Snowbird took these words to Heart she realized that she couldn't embark on her journey alone she needed to find like-minded Birds who shared her aspirations and were willing to support each other so she set out to gather a flock of birds who also dreamed of exploring New Horizons with time snowball formed the diverse flock of birds each with their own unique talents and dreams they learn from one another shared their knowledge and supported each other through the ups and downs together they became a strong and resilient team ready to take on any challenges that came their way as the seasons changed and winter approached once again Snowbird and her flock were prepared they had built their strength and resilience ready to embark on their migration Journey with synchronized Wing flaps and hearts filled with determination they took flight soaring high above the snow-covered mountains the journey was not without difficulties they faced strong winds Stormy Weather and fatigue along the way but they never gave up they relied on each other for support encouragement and motivation Snowbird and her flock embraced the challenges as opportunities for growth and continued moving forward finally after a long anaju's journey Snowbird and her flock reached their destination a land of warmth sunshine and endless possibilities they had overcome obstacles fulfilled their dreams and discovered the true power of unity and collaboration Snowbird story serves as a reminder that no dream is too big to achieve if we are willing to work together support each other and never give up like Snowbird and her flock let us find our own wings of determination resilience and inspiration to soar to Greater Heights in pursuit of our dreams I hope you found my story interesting please like comment share and don't forget to subscribe my channel for more stories

- Friend of Snowbird Capt. Jenn Casey shares stories of her time as a broadcaster | Your Morning: Kind: captions Language: en now we want to start out with our top story and the tributes now pouring in for Captain gen Casey she died in the crash of the snowbirds jet in Kamloops she's being remembered as a bright and positive person joining us this morning is Tim Durkin a friend of Captain Casey's thank you so much for being here we're so sorry for your loss but we'd love to know a little more about are you new captain Casey from your time as journalists together in Quinte Ontario can you tell us about what kind of person she was I she was the best of us and and good morning and it's it's a great chance to actually just talk about somebody that was such a bright light in so many people's lives and in such a tough time I know people are going to be mourning but to think about the positive the Jen was she came here her partner at the time was stationed at Canadian Forces Trenton and of course she had the broadcasting background and stopped in to the radio station and said I do you guys have any work if you love to know a person's pastic I just came on as a anchor and a reporter and of course was awesome at what she did and she was the most Canadian person I think I've ever met he was my throne baby's fan it was a huge actually got to go the last show there's officer the transit demo team to see if he's okay so when you think of somebody that's a Tim Quinte is known as a very tight-knit place talk to me about the reaction locally when this tragic news reached your community it it it spreads very fast and of course even though she was only living in in quick to west and the Quinny region for for five years because of the jobs that she held Canadian Forces Base Trenton is the biggest employer in the area and because of that her time spent in the military she got to meet a lot of people and of course the journalism broadcasting background is you know been you get a chance to talk to so many people all the time the people got to know her quite quickly Jennifer howl at the time when she was a broadcaster was we kind of everywhere and do kind of any job as well and then she I got into the military I'll tell you a quick story about my wedding in 2014 she was going through basic training and instead of saying sorry I make it were exhausted he drove all the way from beg came to the wedding and then turned around and had to go back and that was just the type of person she was and I know where we've been hearing those persons go to get across the country Tim how are you gonna remember captain Casey I think one of those smiles and and one of hers tonalities she is she is what the East Coast is so amazing about the East Coast are the best people not only in the country but but in the world and and she was easygoing she was happy and she was adventurous inch loved a new challenge and I think that's what soul burns meant to her whenever you look at those photos of her on the tarmac in the plane during our country it was done with a smile and I think a real sense of pride and for her family and her friends I mean there's there's hundreds of friends with her time on the dollar that break or something that had a huge sense of pride in what she did and in relationship Austin hey Tim thanks again we really appreciate you giving us these personal insights into this this tragic loss and this wonderful person that's gone too soon we're very sorry for your loss and thanks for spending some time with us today absolutely and that's what Operation inspiration has to be remembered for and that this loss isn't in vain so thank you for the time for sharing great stories about Jennifer thanks again Tim thanks for watching if you liked this be sure to subscribe here and you can check out more your morning videos right here

  Top Comments:
  1. @georgealexander8661: Ernest prayers for Jennifer's family and friends and all our
Canadian friends from Texas.
  2. @timc2346: Amazing smile Best Whishes to her friends  and family.Her life was truly inspirational.

- A Good Word From Snowbird_Episode 3: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] foreign here so good to see everybody here today I have a really really cool story for you it's a great story it's called lots and lots of hair it's a story that rhymes you're gonna love it so let's get right to the story um let's see okay um okay here we go yeah this is great this is Claire she has lots of hair lots and lots and lots of hair Claire's a new kid her first day at school will kids be nice will they be cool kids can be kind or they can be cruel sometimes they tease the new kids at school when Claire walked into her class that day some of the kids had mean things to say they laughed and joked at Claire's long Mane they pointed and mocked and made up names this is bad thought Claire and I can't cope this is not going the way that I hoped we all have a choice in what we say we can poke fun and ruin someone's day or we can choose to be nice and be kind and help someone else have a really good time Claire felt hurt and she could be direct she would not stand for this disrespect she'd had enough and put her book down and that's when someone nice came around this is boo she knows what to do she went up to Claire and said how do you do don't pay no mind to haters that hate I love your hair I think it's great mom taught me lots of fresh hairstyles french braids updos that make you smile long tight curls or bangs on a Bob please let me play I'll do a good job Claire was elated at Boo's request of course boo of course please do your best come with me girl let's go get my brush the two friends went off in a rush boost simple Act of being kind made all the difference in the new kid's mind one person's kindness can change a school from being a mean place to being cool wow the end that was awesome that's the story of Claire the girl with lots and lots of hair it could have been a really bad day for Claire but the kindness of boo made all the difference a little kindness turned a bad day into a really good day wow I love it well I'm Snowbird and I'll see you guys later but don't forget what we learned today always be kind be kind to someone today see you next time

- EXCLUSIVE! Canada's Snowbird maintenance contract: Do NOT talk to media about condition of planes!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] a contract about the maintenance of the snowbird fleet of jets included a secrecy clause not to talk about the condition of the jets to the media today we'll show you that 2017 contract that foretold the 2018 liberal decision to cancel a conservative plan to upgrade the snowbird fleet a snowbird jet crashed in kamloops this weekend about one minute after takeoff injuring the pilot and killing captain jen casey the public affairs officer for the snowbird team and the woman who is responsible for much of what we've seen of the recent snowbirds cross-country tour it's a tragedy for the team for casey's friends and for her family and for a nation that could use a break from the constant bad news of 2020. now there will be a probe into the cause of the crash and that may take up to a year to complete however whether the crash was pilot error or mechanical failure that doesn't change the fact that canada's premier aerial team deployed on a last minute cross-country morale building tour at the behest of justin trudeau and it doesn't change the fact that that team deserved much better than the aging fleet they have been made to fly and the reason the snowbirds are still buzzing around in vietnam era planes is another justin trudeau slight to canada's brave military let's go back a little bit in 2012 former conservative prime minister stephen harper started a plan to replace the ct-114 tudors that the snowbirds have been using for decades the jets themselves are circa 1963-ish so harper acting on expert advice that the snowbirds would reach their maximum service life by 2020 set aside 755 million dollars to replace the tudors by 2018 but then tragically trudeau was elected and thus began another decade of darkness for the canadian armed forces the writing was on the wall for canada's aerial team in 2016. the liberals were already looking for a way to renege on that plan to upgrade the ct-114 tutors and predictably by 2018 harper's plan to upgrade the ct-114s was dead trudeau canceled the 755 million dollar upgrade all the while handing out plane loads of cash to the likes of the cbc or to the un to fight climate change and gender inequality in other countries and also cash to convicted terrorists like omar khadr trudeau instead opted to extend the service life of the ct-114s until 2030 until they had been in the air for 70 years i guess the new jets were more than trudeau was willing to give the snowbirds now five months before trudeau cancelled the new jets for the snowbirds the government went searching for advice on how best to keep the aging jets in the air and we have that contract and it had a but not just any old secrecy clause the new maintenance contractor or companies that participated in giving the government advice about how to keep the snowbirds in the air could not tell the world if the jets were dangerous junkers look at this this is the 2017 request for procurement taken directly off the government contracts website it's a 55-page document it's from the military aircraft office looking for vendors to engage with and offer advice on how to maintain the ct-114 tutor fleet the date on the contract is december 28 2017 meaning the feds were going to cancel the plan to buy new jets and were instead planning to frankenstein the jets together to keep them in the air and this happened well before the liberals told the world that's what they were really going to do let's jump ahead to page 25 for the real details the ct-114 tudor aircraft was procured in the mid-1960s to train student pilots since the year 2000 the ct-114 has been flown in an air demonstration role by the 431 squadrons snowbirds 15 wing moose jaw and in support of flight test programs at the aerospace engineering test establishment at four wing cold lake there are presently 25 active aircraft in the ct-114 fleet 20 at the 431 squadron in moose jaw and five at cold lake so those are the functioning tutors then there are some tutors that the military aviation mechanics are quote cannibalizing to reactivate other tutors and there are even more tutors they say they can never use again look at this a total of 23 aircraft at cfsate are not considered for future reactivation yet remaining 10 aircraft at atess cannot be returned to service and are part of the cannibalization program to aid with fleet sustainment and some stored aircraft have been progressively reactivated to replace other aircraft reaching the end of their scheduled fatigue life the end of life for the ct-114 tudor aircraft fleet is currently planned to 2030. and look at this on page 12. this thing has a secrecy clause because the liberals pretty clearly didn't want the media finding out that the liberals were never going to upgrade the tudors until the liberals finally made it official five months later canada requires participants to not reveal or discuss any information or documentation to the media regarding the j85 can 40 propulsion group sustainment program now that's the program to keep the tutors in the air during this industry consultative process if participants receive a question from the media participants are to direct the media to contact public services and procurement canada media relations office well the federal government's secrecy clause sure worked because the world didn't find out about the liberals plan to keep those tutors going until 2030 until the news broke may 2018 five full months after this contract for advice took effect there will be a lot of blame to go around when this is all said and done and investigated and wherever the blame lands one thing will remain true and constant our military deserves better than the mistreatment and neglect it receives at the hands of the liberals for rebel news i'm sheila gunread while the liberal friendly media is lined up outside of rito cottage to ask trudeau the tough questions like why are you so awesome we're doing our best to hold justin trudeau and his liberals to account for the decisions they are making every single day to support the work we do please go to help rebel rebelnews.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @RebelNewsOnline [174 likes]: Do you trust Justin Trudeau with the Canadian Armed Forces?
  2. @Bertariffmachine98 [1 likes]: And Trudeau’s liberals doesn’t care about the death of Jenn Casey or their Air Force, they only care for the raw lust for power and having blood on their hands!
  3. @katemitchell665: 23 year Cdn forces veteran here. Thank you for reporting on this, Rebel News.
  4. @treerat7631: There old and need replaced
  5. @falconeaterf15: If anyone wants to hear what a former Snowbird pilot thinks of the Tudor, search out - Fighter Pilot Podcast -  and hear from someone who actually knows what they are talking about.
  6. @MrLaith1976: Other than operations for fund raising at malls... what can airplanes from the 70s and 80s that the Trudope's papa shut down the vital part of our forces.... doesn't he want to reduce the emission by 20 something... what a hypocrisy
  7. @sgtSYKE: Dark with Harper and darker with Trudeau. Time to shine some Light!
  8. @PabloGonzalez-hv3td: This is terribly inaccurate
  9. @livetocreatetolive4593: The day of reckoning is coming !  WEXIT !!
  10. @livetocreatetolive4593: They love to give billions of dollars to muslims , Africa, China ,...etc but not to Canada ! They want to bankrupt our country to join the globalist new world order .
  11. @jeremys6211: In 1992 serving in the US Army in Germany, my platoon was honored to train with the 8th Canadian Hussars and became an honorary member.  While we were using M1A1 "Heavy" Abrams Main Battle Tanks, the Hussars were operating Leopard 1 tanks.  The Leo 1 was fielded in 1965 and did not have night fighting capability.  We brought along our M22 chemical agent detector.  When the Canadian soldiers saw this, they asked what it was.  I told them and in-turn asked what they use for early warning for chemical agents.  They said that they have 2 soldiers in a fox hole.  One with mask and the other without.  When the one without "starts doing the funky chicken, your in gas."  I laughed at what he said, but was flabbergasted at the lack of equipment.  However, even with the antiquated equipment, their tactics and tenacity were above reproach and, as a combined task force with a platoon of German Wiesel Armored Weapons Carriers, we destroyed the opposition fairly easily.  This being said, the Canadian Military seems to have been behind the proverbial 8 ball on new military technology for a long time now.  I pray for my brothers and sister in arms to our North, just as much as I pray for my brothers and sister in the US.
  12. @johngoodfellow320: nothing wrong with the jets.They are a good platform for what they do,
  13. @ve5wil: What most people dont know, is every 400 flight hours, those planes are stripped down to the last nut and bolt. Each piece is inspected and replaced or repaired as needed, then the plane is rebuilt.  The pilots are flying a near new plane every 400 flying hours.  Most of the accidents have been either pilot error or external factors ( ie bird strike - department flight safety stats)
  14. @bwbw127: Trudeau is a waste of skin
  15. @stephenmason5773: A bird flew into the engine  intake, that's what happened,..If the tutor had a second jet engine, it most likely would have been fine.  Don't get me wrong Trudeau is absolutely BRUTAL, but please research the other side of the story, talk with past snowbird pilots, maintenance workers,.. The Snowbirds are the ONLY acrobatic arial team in the world that flies with 9 jets, and can do jet transformations in front your eyes.. R.I .P Captain Jenn Casey
  16. @glennsankey8186: TRUDEAU SHOULD NOT BE TRUSTED. HAVE YOU SEEN CANADA??
  17. @terrywiebe5616: There are a lot of untruths in this. The maintenance of these jets is second to none. The maintainers are incredible. Age is not a factor in this crash. These jets are essentially rebuilt every 2 years! . Every pilot who flies them...Love Them. A very easy plane to fly and easy to maintain. Many of our allies use jets 40 + years old. Very common in al airforces is cannibalizing other airframes for parts. Americans have done this for years to keep a wide range of planes flying...nothing unusual
  18. @marvinwegner6119: J 85 is the engine. Look deeper is the engine at the end of it's life or are parts hard to find to keep it running. Thus they're cannibalizing old Tudor's left as training aids.This crash may have been an engine failure.
  19. @ryancraigjamescurtis4135: Re: Title Change?

Interesting to note the previous government's plan to upgrade the fleet and all. I'd like to pass this on to other friends in aviation but with that title, "d---- jets", I just can't. Aviation is notorious for incidents, accidents, et cetera, regardless of the state of the aircraft (serviceable), do the family & friends need to read that just days later? 

Thank you,

Ryan
  20. @chris_82_bv8: The CF-118 fleet is also in shambles, having to resort to equally aging surplus aircraft from Australia as attrition replacements and sources for spare parts (seven ex-RAAF F/A-18s were actually procured in June 2018 to be cannibalised for spare parts in order to keep the RCAF jets flying).

- Is Purchasing a Vacation Home a Good Idea? - Dave Ramsey Responds: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] brandon is with us brandon is in cool springs colorado springs i'm sorry colorado hey brandon how are you i'm doing great mr ramsey dr john thank you so much for taking my call sure what's up yeah uh just calling to see if i can kind of do a little bit of a suzie orman thing with you uh i have uh dave ramsey thing yeah yeah sort of uh does it fit into the ramsey plan here we're looking to purchase a home uh in the mountains it's going to be a vacation home kind of near one of my ski resorts i love going to cool you got the money um so we're looking i'm so sorry do you have the cash uh oh to purchase it cash yes uh no but we do have a down payment yeah i wouldn't do it a second a second home is a toy and you pay cash for toys if you want to be wealthy i've got a lake house i'm heading to this afternoon when i get off the air and i paid cash for it a long long time ago and then i rebuilt another one on the same property and paid cash for that and i absolutely love it i would have 23 years later hated the stinking thing uh however if i had been paying payments on it as much as it sits empty and it's just you're just not ready to buy a second home you don't need to be doing vacation homes when you don't have the money to pay for them what do you tell somebody dave that has this imaginary spreadsheet with all of the airbnb guests they're going to have to float it all and all the it becomes this funny math where we talked about this earlier here's the thing using debt to do stuff like this only works when it works and nothing ever works in life the way you think it's going to never you know never the best laid plans of mice and men you just you just you know you can project this this yellow brick road experience and then you'll run into the wicked witch every time and and the flying monkeys and uh those little those little oompa loompa guys look like poodles with the curved swords remember them yeah you're going to run into all these things along the way the yellow brick road is fraught with danger that's right including stupid strongmen that have no brain they're out there everywhere and you know this is what you run into so this stuff only works if it works and nothing ever goes exactly as planned and the beautiful thing is when you're on a bunch of rental property and you don't have any payments and there's a pandemic or something and some of your tenants can't pay um because they lost their jobs it's not their fault uh you can grant mercy um but when you have payments you're the one needing mercy that's right and but but but those tenants will pay off that rental property for you you heard that crap see that's what that's that yellow brick road thing you left out the flying monkey yep you know you left out the pandemic you left out the big bad wolf i'm gonna mix up a bunch of different stories here together in this metaphor but you know but you see what i'm saying and that that's the problem is um that that uh it happens every time too it does every time life is predictable life is happening it's gonna happen i've never thought of a vacation home i love the way it's a toy yeah it's a toy it's fun especially if you want to buy a four-wheeler a motorcycle a boat it's a toy yep you know but if you got to put payments on it that just means you're too broke to have it that's right yeah and because this you know i added up when i was broke because i'm a water skier i love the lake i love the i love the mountains too like he does i'd love to have i don't have a ski house but i wouldn't mind having one they're wonderful and um but i added up one time when i had payments on a boat when i first started doing this stuff about 30 years ago um that i well it's longer actually longer than that i go but i added up with the payments i was making on the boat the insurance on the boat what it cost me per minute to ski i averaged out that i was going to ski this many times a year and i would ski 10 minutes this run i'd ski 5 minutes that run i skied 15 minutes that run and i added it up and uh a buddy of mine started telling me about how he needed a better bass boat and so i added up per pound what the bass was costing him and it was something like 14 000 a pound you know or something i mean it was like okay so hey that brings that's a good ques a good question then how do you decide so if this guy is going to try to buy a ski house that he likes and he goes and visits it seven times a year which would be a lot of ski trips you cannot get you cannot financially justify it so it only time is justified is when it's you've got the cash in hand it's not you're not it's not financially justified and it's not about investment it's about it it's about not harming my life there you go because it does not make sense it's a lifestyle choice okay you know you've been to my lake house okay so if you say i mean that one makes sense that's a pretty cool house it's a beautiful home and it's a great investment it's gone up in value that's fine but you know the number of hours we spend there the number of weekends we spend there the amount of time we spend on the water you know could we not rent an airbnb on the lake and come out millions of dollars ahead absolutely we could but we've got the money and it doesn't hurt our financial situation because we're not paying payments on it and so but when you you you know you've got to look at because it truly is a toy you know you cannot justify i love that idea you can't financially justify these things at all none of them uh they don't make sense um and so you know with what you spend on a vacation home how many times can you know you can rent a just outside colorado springs i've done it you can rent the uh 15 000 square foot mansion on the side of a mountain ski and ski out for thirty thousand bucks a week thirty thousand bucks a week right okay and if you go four weeks a year okay let's see that's 120 000 bucks right and so how long does it take you to get to 5 million bucks that's a lot of weeks you know you cannot financially justify it you can't financially justify it but but if you've if you've got 100 million dollars and you want to drop 5 million in that thing it's a toy and you can afford it then it doesn't matter that it doesn't financially work it's a place that's yours it's your families it's memory you know the difference between a 5 000 car and a 25 000 car you can't justify it financially but if you can afford it it's okay to take that bit of a luxury there you go you know it's the same kind of a thing because both of them will get you from point a to point b so shut up stop your whining right and both of them probably got air conditioning so shut up and stop your whining and both of them are somewhat reliable so shut up and stop your whining so the difference in a 5000 car twenty five thousand dollar car is a want right and and it's okay well i'm not against once on this show but you have to pay cash for them uh and you it because the upgrades are luxury there you go it's living like no one else so later you can live and give like no one else so put yourself in that position is what i would do i love that dave i love it that's the direction to go and i want you to get a vacation house i'm not i'm not saying i'm doing something and telling you you shouldn't but i didn't the first property again you've been down there we'd at our uh personalities retreat down there but the first one i bought was 103 000. it was one tiny little lot off to the right-hand side of that property and it was this little bitty brick house from 1974 on it and we had a boat dock all i care about was a boat dock and a place to sleep that's all i cared about and a place to put the boat and you know have fun and ski the kids and tube the kids and all that stuff and the kids were tiny and you know now all these years later we bought several properties adjacent uh did some tear downs some rebuilds built a nice big home on there now and uh and you know all the grandkids saw seven of them and all the maybe 14 15 people the ramsey clan down there this weekend you know for labor day weekend right so but you you we worked up to that over 25 years and we paid cash for it and at no point was it a big percentage of our world including so it was never a burden it was only fun right yeah and because it just takes the fun out of it and also it gets it gets you in the land of stupid real quick oh yeah and then it gets to the land of justification and then all of a sudden yeah one glitch one one flying monkey and the whole thing comes down yeah if you gotta if you got the down payment only hon just go rent yeah just go rent it three times a year and until you've got the money and when you got the money buy this is the ramsey show

  Top Comments:
  1. @iddddaduncan [4 likes]: Double the taxes, double the insurance, double the maintenance, less than half the time spent there.
  2. @AmericanWithTheTruth [3 likes]: Caller calls in and asks question given 15 seconds then cut off. Dave and Jon have their own personal dialogue for the next 15 minutes. Who are you guys supposed to be helping? You didn’t even listen to anything he had to say afterwards.
  3. @lostamericanhistory2536 [1 likes]: I love Dave and agree with always paying cash. But truth is most Ppl don't have 500 to 1 m to just fork over for investment property. I've worked hard for 20 years, saved and looking for investment vac home to offset retirement. My rules are don't do ANYTHING stupid, don't take advice from ppl that have an agenda (the more a relator sells the more THEY make) do what common sense tells you, be ready and willing to work for YOUR investment for free
  4. @Wvubrad [1 likes]: I guess the only thing he doesn’t mention is, you can always sell the house/toy and its value will almost certainly increase. His car metaphor isn’t the same, car value does nothing but plummet.
  5. @timkopp2204 [1 likes]: Same math works on a camper. But, the camper drops in value like a rock!
Terrible "investment" !
  6. @genglandoh [1 likes]: My Uncle would say. "don't uses a loop hole because it might turn into a noose" 
Buying something and using rental income to pay for it is a finical loop hole.
  7. @JGhermaphthrman [1 likes]: Preach it, cash only, son.
  8. @JacksonOlexa [1 likes]: This guy is an idiot, lives back in the 70’s. Nobody should listen to this dunce. “A house is a toy” get the hell out of here🤣🤣🤣
  9. @justinchamberlain3443: 2:45 what if you tenants loose their jobs and can’t pay rent.
  10. @AuthorCAL: Also, taxes and insurance have to be factored in, along with maintenance, repairs, HOA, and other fees.
  11. @michellevogel2823: With respect.  I 100% disagree.  There are so many other elements in finance that are part of this decision.   This type information is hurting our middle class!!  People should take finance classes to understand!!   If the caller on this call has the down payment, the rate & terms are good & they are able to cover their mortgage & expenses with rent it might be an incredible asset.   Say, said caller retires with a nice lil payout, the accelerated depreciation will help save thousands +/- of dollars on taxes…

The arrogant thought that you should not be able to enjoy the wealth building as well as so many other gifts of owning & operating a vaction rental  without cash is not correct!!

I’m so sad to hear this.
  12. @Msteve-nt5bx: The appreciation/price inflation on homes in the last 4 years is bonkers. I hope he didnt listen to the advice.
  13. @Greggee100: 2:06-2💯
Yellow brick road that leads to the wicked witch of the west
and flying monkey's 
Park Ave people own multiple homes in the Hampton's 

they also own the improvised property nation-wide
  14. @beachywaves2431: Dave flexes on himself sooo much in every video omg.
  15. @blazer2021: I think owning more than one piece if property is selfish but that's coming from someone who's never owned property so....
  16. @richardbeard6100: No , not a good idea . You will be tied down to just one place that you will soon probably dislike  .  Be free .  Travel to different places , use hotels , no complications .  No hidden expenses .
  17. @clyben3397: Back in the day we met the wicked witch the flying monkeys and trees that threw apples at us.  We had rentals and went though all of the BS now we are ok and going to buy a florida villa for winters.  Listen to Dave he knows
  18. @chinhuawang8141: I think Ramsey is right on the money for this one. I built a beautiful swimming pool and the cost of each time we swim is ouch not to mention the additional maintenance cost and trouble 😢 but I paid with cash.
  19. @RudyFromMiami: Every American should have a getaway home. It's crazy in the states
  20. @milanrsfc: I do not fully agree with Dave. Buying a vacation home that can accommodate guests throughout the whole year (i.e. by installing an indoor swimming pool or with a retractable cover) and mitigating some other risks, you can cover most of the monthly payments and even earn over them during summer. The main point is focusing on the entry price and prioritize.

- 748 Snowbird Ln - Kitchen Features: Kind: captions Language: en hey brooke hey hey you're my favorite room of the house yeah let me show you some of these incredible features all right check this out these cabinets have custom pegs for your bowl so you can set them however you want the floor of it has a peg peg hole and you can fix it how you want it great for organizing this appliance garage pull it out it's already plugged in don't have to worry about all that on your countertop come over here we have this spice rack custom spice racks on each side of this incredible stove where they took the quartz and brought it down into the front and behind the knobs oh look at that those are beautiful look at that then you know what's on that's incredible this wolf stove and besides that we have pots and pans right underneath with the lid drawer oh that's cute these darn lids that are always bouncing around and hard to find yeah right there and then every great kitchen chef has a kitchenaid mixer where do you put that thing wow those are heavy i'm just lifting that right up you're heavy it's already plugged in then when you're done with it down it goes back it goes and you have your great work sink over here a soda refrigerator glass cabinets you've got quartz multi-level counter seating bar seating counter seating over there what a great entertaining kitchen yeah it is fantastic you put almost what 18 people in this room alone seated that's fantastic you

- Snow birds, tourists creating an endless season: Kind: captions Language: en well Easter it is now come and gone spring is officially here but if you think that means the snowbirds and a tourists or head at home think again since the recession more and more people have come here to Florida not to visit but to stay News Channel Five's tiny Rogers is live in downtown West Palm Beach to explain the impact on the Palm Beaches and the Treasure Coast Tonya will make no mistake they are still coming here to vacation spending about 4.7 billion dollars last year alone the calendar says Easter is behind us and so is the season but don't tell Gemma Goldie and Louie who are here enjoying the Florida Sun things like a kids club and I got a mermaid tail we live in New Jersey so we love the sunshine we got married here we come here all the time tourism snowbirds descend upon South Florida during the winter months but the new trend is to create an endless season the trend we're seeing is that people want to be in Florida they want to escape the cold weather up north that's where a lot of our visitors come from during the winter months and we're becoming more of a year-round destination this whole notion of high season low season should go away we're an outstanding destination year-round and the notion of a high season should really kind of be a thing of the past more people staying longer may mean more traffic on the highways and more people in restaurants but those are signs of a strong economy and we get to go to the pool every day it's really fun because in where I lived in Syosset it's really cold so I'm excited to be here now experts believe that the people who had to leave their homes last year from the west coast because of the hurricanes and came here actually discovered that South Florida is a great vacation destination and are now spending their money here reporting live Tonya Rogers of yupi TV News Channel five

- Twenty Little Chickadees and The Snowbird's Songs | Stories for Kids | Kids Stories | Audiobooks | 2: Kind: captions Language: en 20 little chickadees 20 little chickadees sitting in a row 20 pairs of naked feet buried in the snow I should think you'd fly away where the weather's warm then you wouldn't have to be out there in the storm sorry little chickadees don't you know the way can't you find the road to go where tis always May Robins all have found it out wrens and bluebirds too don't you wish you'd thought to ask air away they flew the Snowbird song the ground was all covered with snow one day and two sisters were busy at play the Snowbird was sitting close by on a tree and merrily singing his chickadee D he had not been singing that tune very long when Emily hurt him so loud was the song Oh sister look out the window said she hears a dear little bird singing chickadee D poor fellow he walks in the snow and the sleet and has neither stockings nor shoes on his feet I wonder what makes him so full of his glee and why he keeps seeing his chickadee if I were a barefooted Snowbird I know I would not stay out in the cold in the snow I pity him so oh how cold he must be and yet he keeps singing his chickadee D Oh mother do get him some stockings and shoes and a nice little frock and a hat let him choose I wish he would come into the parlor and see how warm we would make him poor chickadee D the bird had flown down for some sweet crumbs of bread and heard every word little Emily said how funny I'd look in that costume thought he and he laughed as he warbled his chickadee D I am grateful he said for the wish you Express but I have no occasion for such a fine dress I'd rather remain with my little limbs free than to hobble about singing chickadee D there is one my dear child though I cannot tell who has clothed me already and warm enough to good morning oh who are so happy as we and away he flew singing his chickadee D end of section 2 [Music]

- Snowbird reopens just in time for summer activities: Kind: captions Language: en today's pretty special day for us here at Snowbird these views are meant to be enjoyed year-round there's just something kind of therapeutic about being up here but for three months this tram didn't run the slopes were empty and no one could enjoy this marvel of nature it's a bit surreal to be back up here the kovat 19 shutdown is finally over at Snowbird it's great to see how these people again it feels like some kind of just Mountain reunion of sorts Snowbird is taking things slowly we've worked on this for weeks literally months try to plan what summer would look like for us the resort summer reopening is being phased in with several offerings available now when the attractions that is open is this toboggan ride these let sanitize between every you you'll also find social distancing markers who are people out on the aerial tram and masks is really what led us to today but this day is also putting hundreds of you ton's back to work different type of greeting for these different times but there's nothing different about this view it's just been waiting for people to come back I don't even know if I could put it into words what it's like just to be standing on top of this mountain again and many skiers may be already thinking about next winter while Snowbird hopes by that time they can actually increase their capacity to get back to as close to normal as possible at Snowbird Jean Frankie Fox 13 News Utah

  Top Comments:
  1. @collarlock: 👏👏👏👏🙌🙌
  2. @chamarystigers8731: 👍🙏
  3. @StrokerDiesel: Yes

- Snowbird Brewfest and Summer Activities 2016: Kind: captions Language: en hey everyone this to hear from Snowbird this weekend is officially our summer opening 2016 summer activities this weekend is our eighth annual brew fest we have 26 breweries pouring three to five different beers it's a great way to kick off our opening weekend and will with bohemian brewery we're here at the Snowbird brew fest which is just an amazing place to be today weather's perfect we're serving some great lager beers right now we have our coal switch is our summer seasonal super light refreshing lager brute like a nail logger for that extra crisp clean chug ability we've got our hefeweizen a pilzer and an amber lager as well we're just happy to be here serving with the Snowbird and join the scenery hey guys my name is Colin I'm with you into brewing here in Utah at a salt lake city today we brought with us our goes up this is assaulted wheat beer or 80 one which is our pilsner to help give back to the community and our hot mash tangerine which is a new fruited citrus IPA of ours here the brood nest it's really laid back it's fun there's music it's Father's Day the weather is great we're here I think eight years now so we've probably been here for eight years and we love it up here I love Snowbird and if I could live up here I would ask my name's Ryan clue I'm with epic Bruin we're born five beers here today we're pouring three beers out of our new epic session series we're pouring a IPA session IPA it's an American style IPA we have a sour IPA probably one of the more unique beers that that you can get here at the festival and then we have a beer called orchard raspberry which is one brand out of a series of fruit we're doing and then for the full strength line we have our spiral jetty IPA kind of Utah classic and our fight for market now this is one of the best beer fest in this state it's awesome atmosphere is great it's a little bit cooler up here to get out of the valley kind of snow bird is one of the coolest places that you can come to around Utah so yeah always fun hanging out and formed beer up there Swain Williams AK summertime Santa up here at Snowbird brewfest having a great time beautiful lots of people we currently are serving our raspberry wheat apricot hefeweizen full suspension pale ale hoppy pills there's Squatch Devastator hop rising off duty we brought almost all of them for you guys so we just opened up in March twelfth of 2016 my brother and i started brewing together about 12 years ago just at home and we just wanted to bring our passion for the product to the market so we really focus on thinking outside the box with the kinds of beers and the kind of quality that we can put in for them we use the finest grains we can and pay attention to every kind of detail and really come up with some interesting flavors and kind of try to expand what beer can be and show the beer can be as high quality beverage as anything else that you might find alcoholic this is our first year up at this number drew fest and we're just absolutely loving it the vibe here is really great everyone up here is interested in beer wants to talk about beer perfect environment for somebody like myself because I could just talk about beer all day and we're getting a lot of exposure showing off what we can do with the bruise that we make I'm Scott Davis with the Moab brewery here in beautiful Snowbird Utah it is a fantastic day father's day it couldn't be any better we love this event always up here every single year offering some great stuff to everyone here we brought our brand-new american-style pale ale as well as a lineup of draft beer you know snowbirds just a fantastic place you know everyone thinks about in the wintertime obviously for how great the scene is but summertime it's equally as good they offer so many different things that you can do from hiking and biking to all the rides the staff here is just fantastic and they just throw a great events like today you know great music great people great food it's always a good time up here and snug all of our summer activities are now in full swing we've got cool air concert series starting next Saturday free concert every Saturday night beginning at 6pm there's still a little snow it's no verte we will be open for mountain biking soon big mountain trail will be open and we are open for some hiking more hiking will open as the snow melts there are summer activities for the whole family up here we've got mountain coaster alpine slide the zip rider there's a climbing wall ropes course bungee trampolines bring the kids up and joy act summer activities all day long ride the tram up to Hidden Peak to check out the new building the summit in addition to our many great activities we also have the tour of utah coming back in august and survivors at the summit which is a benefit for the cancer well in this house we also have the speed goat 50k put on by the man Carl Meltzer all of us at snowbird are super excited for the summer we hope that you will come up and join us for our many great events please visit our website Snowbird calm for a full event lineup come enjoy an awesome summer up here with us at Snowbird

- Summer at Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] we're gonna stay we gonna have some fun together disease are the memories Wilkie so hold on to every little thing don't let it pass you by in your sleep so let's spend this time together because these are the best apart the best these are the best so let's spend a little time together as the sunshine starting up the day side-by-side together that's where we stay these are the memories Wilkie so sweet then little time together

- (more) Fun with Zach and Shawn: Kind: captions Language: en we're eight Harry okay give me a thumbs up if give me a thumbs up you ready we're giving you a thumbs up you know I am oh yeah I'm trying hey everybody welcome back Shawn and I are just hanging out here at this picnic table where we hang out all the time and we figured you know what should we do right now you know everybody's been stuck in their homes and and we thought you know there's nothing better there's no better cure for that than to get outside maybe to get outside oh yeah so what we're gonna do is we're just gonna show you some things that we like to do outside you ready to go yeah I'm ready to go cool we're gonna go play catch fun yeah I'm pretty good at catch can you think of anything we might want to do we need to we need to put sunscreen on prone to getting burnt yeah me too good idea load me up yeah yeah yeah yeah you get you some all right I think really really burn don't forget your face yeah some of my hand Bert yep you know that seems all right can you think of anything else you might need ooh we need to hydrate you know we do I'm a little thirsty right now yeah you know and nothing nothing prepares you to go outside like some good room-temperature Diet Mountain Dew temperature it's my favorite I think I found this one on the floor of the snack shack mmm that's so refreshing oh really I feel like I man Kenny the Lord I love that I want some more oh yeah we go that seems I hope I'm catching the ball a little better than you I'm putting the mountain all right maybe I should just do some stretching little low stretch and get it yeah show you one of our favorite stretches here we're in our 40s now all right let's go play some catch yeah hey Shawn go walk and I'll throw it all right throw it to me I'm open I'm open all right Zach now you go long go really long go go I'm ready I'm open no mom let's go the counts hug this one's going over that mountain Zach I'm open I'm open all right Zach I'm gonna hit you this time go long go long go go go go Oh right here I'm up at one more time right now okay oh so close oh so there you go that's that's relief what we like to do every single day and I guess all you really do is just make sure you're getting out and getting active right oh yeah you need to get outside all people been inside for way too long way too long all right I'm top high five yep

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ender_pig15 [1 likes]: Ah yes... SWO20
  2. @alli5223 [1 likes]: U guys are funny and teach the word of God 😂
  3. @bryanhagley6244 [1 likes]: YES - been waiting on this!!! :) 
the gag reflex people are gonna be lovin this one!!!!!

- What Rules Apply To State Income Taxes For Snowbird Retirees? - Budgeting as a Retiree: Kind: captions Language: en What rules apply to state income taxes for snowbird retirees? Imagine spending your winters in a warm, sunny place while keeping your home in a cooler state. Many retirees do this, but it can get tricky with state income taxes. Let's break down what you need to know to stay on top of your tax game. Most states decide if you're a resident based on where your main home is and how many days you spend there. If you spend more than 183 days in a state, you are usually considered a resident for tax purposes. That means you pay income taxes on all your income, no matter where it comes from. So tracking your days in each state is really important to avoid surprises. If you earn income in both your home state and your winter state, you might face taxes from both. Some states tax based on where you live, others on where the income is earned. Many states offer credits for taxes paid to another state to prevent double taxation. But rules vary, so it's good to understand how each state treats pensions, social security, and investment income. Nexus is another key point. It means a state has enough connection to tax you. If you own property, have a business, or spend enough time there, that state might tax your income even if you are not a full-time resident. This can happen if you own a second home or do business in that state. Some states are more retirey friendly. Florida and Texas do not have state income taxes, making them popular choices for snowbirds. On the other hand, states like Arizona and California do tax retirement income with different rates and rules. Washington state has no income tax, but recently added a capital gains tax on large transactions, which can affect retirees with big investment gains. To establish residency in your winter state, you should claim homestead exemptions, get a driver's license there, register to vote, and spend more than half the year in that state. Continuing to claim residency benefits in your original state can cause it to consider you a resident, leading to unexpected taxes. If you are taking required minimum distributions from retirement accounts, plan carefully. Some states tax these distributions, others do not. Timing your withdrawals and understanding each state's rules can help you keep your tax bill low. For budgeting, keep detailed records of your days in each state. Know how each state taxes different types of income. Consider living in states with no income tax during winter months. Establish clear residency in your snowbird state by taking legal steps. And always consult a tax professional who understands multi-state rules. By understanding these rules and planning ahead, you can enjoy your retirement years without worrying about unexpected tax bills. Staying informed helps you make smart choices so your money lasts longer and your future stays secure.

- How to Be a Snowbird on a Budget: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Oh Amen

  Top Comments:
  1. @extraspacestorage: Do you enjoy affordable snowbird living? Let us know in the comments!

- Managing your finances as a snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en and hopping on a plane soon to escape the great Canadian winter. The president of Life Coach Financial, Renee Rebello, is here with tips on how to keep your finances in check while you're abroad. Renee, thanks so much for coming out this morning. Now, let's talk a little bit about how people can avoid any unwanted fees when they're away. >> Yes. So, a lot of people are traveling to different destinations, whether it's the states. I have clients going to Costa Rica, Mexico, Europe, and you know, there's a lot of tidbits of information, a lot depending on your destination, the things you need to look at. So, fees, you know, credit cards, bank accounts, you know, you want to make sure you have remote access. So, if an emergency comes up, you want to ensure that you can get your money should you need it from a destination that when you're out of the country. So, it's a big deal. Um, and while you're at that, you want to make sure you double check your travel insurance because, you know, we all think, "Oh, we need to have it." Yes. But check the exclusions. There's a lot of fine print in the travel insurance. And I always tell everybody, make sure when you buy it, you don't just say, "Oh, I have it." Check what is not included because that's the creeper upward kind of thing. >> That's what it'll get you. And especially like when we're talking about about fees as well because depending on where you may have a different home, you do have to consider those conversion rates as well. So that's something that people need to to keep in mind, too. >> Yeah, you can put a you can put apps on your phone. So you can have a cons a currency conversion tracker and it'll alert you depending on what country you're in. Hey, the dollar's up today in Canada. So it might be a good day to switch some money over, which you can do through an app on your phone. So again, it's the remote access. You know, your investment portfolio. You want to ensure you sit down with your financial planner prior to going to see where your portfolio is at. Should you need to access additional funds while you're away? How simple is that? Is it an app? Is it a phone call? Do you need to fly back to Canada to sign something to do it? >> You know, these are um things you want to discuss before you go. Um you know, >> a lot of good factors. Yeah. >> Yeah. There's a lot of them. And then your home, if you're going to be vacant from your home for a substantial amount of time, you want to check what the vacant rule is on your home insurance policy because each insurance company has their own provisions with regards to the house being empty. And um so for example, when I'm gone, I have a keyless entry on my on my house and it reports to the security company. And so if I ever had an issue and I had to make a claim, the insurance company can't say that anybody nobody checked on my home, right? Because it's all logged when they entered the house through the keypad system. So little things like that protect you in case of an emergency when you're anywhere you are where you're away from the snow and enjoying the sunny days on the beach somewhere or wherever it happens to be. >> Just to keeping you safe, right? because you don't want to come back or maybe you know realize that you have so many different questions. What are some of the big questions that clients come to you with? What's the biggest maybe concern or things that they didn't even know about? >> Well, a lot of things are can I afford to go? Okay, that's the biggest one, right? Is understanding the cost of of going somewhere. So, it's not just currency, it's taxation, >> right? Sales tax on purchasing products. It's the cost of goods purchased while you're away. So, it's really knowing your budget on what you can spend per month and making sure you have a couple credit cards that don't have foreign transaction fees, okay? So that when you use them, you're not getting all these fees later at the end of the month when you get your bill and you're like, "Oh no, look at all these things." You know, that's a big one. The other is um you know, if you're going to the states, because there's a lot of people that still go to Florida, Texas, Arizona, you know, knowing the 182 rule, right? A lot of people confuse the 182 rule and it's a rolling average. So there is apps to track that. Um I know a lot of people just track it with paper, an actual calendar. Yeah. To make sure you don't break any of the rules. >> Of course. And that's something definitely considerations because we do know people are are traveling everywhere. They have different homes. You mentioned, you know, Costa Rica, Europe, different places. And it's not just about managing the house that's there, but also making sure what's happening here is correct. If uh if people want more information, where can they go? Well, I do have a checklist available. If anyone's planning on going somewhere other than Canada for the winter, they can just email me or contact me and I'll provide them with the checklist for free and uh send it off to them. >> Amazing, Renee. Thank you so much for those details and we'll have all this detail up on our website at ch.com/morninglive. We'll have plenty more morning live coming up. [music] Good morning.

- Snowbird Brown Health Condition Explained!!: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] hey guys Welcome to our new video in this video we'll be talking about the health condition of snowboard Brown discoveries A Lash can boost people has come around with the brand new season season 14. on Sunday October 9 2022 episode 2 of the season was released and it was titled Growing Pains where we could see bird brown undergoing an emergency surgery and having to make a major decision in moving forward with her life from this episode we learned that Snowbird had two tumors growing on her ovaries and thus she had to have surgery for its removal the sad part is that the doctors analyzed there is a high chance that the tumors will come back and the only choice is for her to have a hysterectomy bird wants children of her own someday and having her ovaries removed entirely would take that choice from her although her family pushed her to find someone and have babies soon bird wasn't ready for that yet without her father word has been going through a tough time navigating her way through tough life decisions with odds of the cancerous tumors returning if hysterectomy is not performed bird has a huge decision to make she really wants to carry children of her own and thus is keeping hysterectomy at Bay for now she is hopeful she has time to think this true before the tumors regrow Bert has been recovering at North Star Ranch initially before all the surgery came up Bird's plan was to go to Alaska and Center her home for the future there due to her health this is now on hold and she doesn't like how she isn't her usual strong and free self bird has certainly missed out on a lot with other members of the family moving forward with their life and can be found loathing her situation Gabe and beer Brown both have wives and children and they have taken to building their family homes they held each others call for locations for materials and in rebuilding a home as for bird she has decided not to wait around to heal but go to Alaska with her brother Noah and his family bird sister will also be joining along well what do you guys think of bird stuff medical situation have you guys kept up with the latest release of Alaskan Bush People season 14. feel free to let us know your thoughts in the comment thank you for staying till the end and I'll see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @rosamariacarrillo7778 [1 likes]: Es posible que el pelo de los gatos 🐱 🙄 sea lo que la tenga enferma
  2. @brentheroth452: If she gets her teeth fixed and shave her arm pits maybe she could find a man and got some mental health
  3. @lisagardner903: Prays for Bird and a speedy recovery.
  4. @jamesdemore9083: Prayers Coming 🙏🙏🙏🙏 for SnowBird and her family that she will be completely healed and no recurring incidents....

- WATCH THIS BEFORE YOU SNOWBIRD | Everything you need to know before leaving your home for the Summer: Kind: captions Language: en hello it's Kaden and welcome back to the channel now if you are looking to do that snowboard lifestyle you own a home in a cooler state that has great Summers but those Winters are just too cold for you and you want to buy a home in a warmer state with these nice Winters uh but you just don't know how to go about the entire lifestyle this video is the perfect one for you in this video I will explain how to manage the snowbird lifestyle what to do with your home when you are away in both States and tell you everything you need to know about about the lifestyle so stay tuned 1 2 3 let's [Applause] [Music] go now to start this video I know that a lot of people interested in the snowbird lifestyle are interested in these house watching companies and services and I want to explain kind of how those work before we start so these house watching Services a lot of the communities actually provide them so a lot of these age restricted 55 plus retirement communities here in the Phoenix Valley of Arizona have these Services already built into the community they are very affordable roughly $10 to $15 per visit and you really don't need them coming out there too often here in Arizona so that is one thing you want to do you want to check with your future Community their HOA if they have these house watching services and if not often somebody in the community kind of has their own house watching company uh just kind of throughout the community someone in the community is looking to make a little more money while helping out their neighbors who live that Snowbird lifestyle now as I said they don't have to come out to the home too much here in Arizona the only two big things I would recommend paying somebody to come out and check on the home while you're not here is after a storm just to make sure the home is still okay none of the you know roof shingles were blown off no leaks or anything like that cuz we do have some monsoons here during the summer so if you are paying a house watching company or a service in the community you definitely want to keep an eye on the weather or maybe have them keep an eye on the weather for you and every time there's a storm you want to have them go out and check out the home now the other time I would recommend somebody going out and checking on the home is every about month and a half I would have somebody go in there from the house watching service and run all the sinks for a couple minutes and flush all the toilets that's also something that you should do before you leave the home is run all the sinks flush all the toilets run the showers just for a couple of minutes just so that your pea traps underneath there do not dry up when those dry up and all the water ends up evaporating out of there you can kind of get like a swery smell in the home and it's really unpleasant so you want to make sure that somebody is running all the sinks all the showers and flushing the toilets every about month and a half or so now those are really the only two things you're going to need the home watching service or company for everything else you'll be able to manage before you leave or from your other residents so nothing else else is going to really require a service or company now I do have a free 55 plus Community guide that has a map plotting out all of the age restricted communities it has a one-page summary of each community and it also has a spreadsheet at the end of it comparing all of the communities so if you'd like that feel free to shoot me a text call or email and I can send it right over to you now let's get started with all the things you would want to do to your summer home here in Arizona before you leave and go back home to start you definitely want to put a hold on any of your cable internet or cell phone providers that you have in your Arizona home you can also do this to your other home while you're staying here in Arizona but that will save you a lot of money just so you're not paying you know that $60 to $100 for all of your cable and internet providers when you're not even using the home now the next thing you want to take care of before you leave this will be kind of the day that you're planning to leave you want to go through and unplug all of your appliances microwave washer dryer toasters everything you want to protect them from a storm surge of any kind we have monsoons sometimes power goes out here and there and you don't want your nice new appliances to get ruined from those Storm surges now when it comes to your fridge you're going to have to decide if you want to unplug that one or not I would recommend unplugging it going through clearing everything out cleaning it pretty thoroughly just so that when you come back you've got a you know completely empty fridge you can go shopping and stock it back up if you leave it plugged in uh you wouldn't really want to leave anything in there and come back to it so cleaning that completely out and unplugging that just to protect it from Storm surges and having it nice and clean when you come back is a good idea another thing to remember to turn off is your automatic ice maker if you have that attached to your fridge or built in or whatever it is you definitely want to turn off your automatic ice maker before you go back home now the temperature inside your house is definitely something to keep an eye on especially here in Arizona so you can choose whether or not you want to leave your air conditioner on if you leave it off it will save you a lot of money but as the the temperature outside Rises the temperature in your home will also rise so I've definitely seen cabinets warp candles melt anything that can melt most likely will because it's going to be hotter in your home than it is outside and it's already about 110 outside now a good temperature to leave your air conditioner at when you are leaving is anywhere between that 85 to 87° range is pretty good that'll keep everything inside at a good enough temperature to where it doesn't warp or get disformed or anything like that 855 to 87 is a good range to keep your AC at now if you have a smart AC and you can adjust the temperature while you're at home that's even better but if you don't just set it to 85 or 87 and if you have somebody coming in every month or so to check on the home just have them make sure that it stays at about that temperature something else that you can do is put a bucket of water in each of the rooms to keep all the rooms proper properly humidified uh because it is a dry heat out here in Arizona now if you don't do this it's not the end of the world it's not going to change all that much in your home but it is just an extra precaution if you are worried about that extra you know dry heat here that we have in Arizona something else to do is put on any sun security screens that'll block out a lot of light from the outside it's just the screen that goes on right over the window and close all of your blinds or most of your blinds to keep all of that heat out now some miscellaneous items you want to tackle before you leave go ahead and and go through the entire home and change batteries on anything that you think would go out while you're gone smoke detectors if you have an alarm system change the batteries on that just make every every make sure everything has new batteries in it and if you have a security system that's even better because while you're back at home you can kind of temporarily check in on your home here just to make sure everything is going as planned now something else you would want to do is find a hide to key of some kind whether it's putting a lock box on your hose spout or finding a little container that you can hide underneath a rock you definitely want to have a key accessible to somebody here in the state while you're gone just in case it's necessary whether it's for that house watching service or maybe a friend who lives a few Towns over from Phoenix and you really want them to go and check on something in your home now if you have a pool here in Arizona and you don't have a pool and maintenance company coming in every month and checking the chemicals and cleaning it out you do your own maintenance I would definitely recommend having a pool company come out during the sum summer while you are not here and making sure everything works every month it costs about $80 to $100 for them to come out make sure the chemicals are right in the pool clean out any debris and make sure it's nice for when you come back you definitely do not want to drain the pool during the summer because all that heat on the plaster and pebbletech can definitely ruin it and not make the pool what it was now if you have a hot tub you want to turn off the heating and Jet system have kind of sitting water in there but you definitely want to buy a hot tub cover again if you you drain the hot tub the heat from the outside will damage that surface of the hot tub and it will not be nice when you come back to stay on task with these water fixtures if you have any type of standing water fixture outside your home whether it's a bird bath a fountain anything of that sort you have two options you can either completely drain those as long as you don't think the surface will get too damaged by the Heat or you can keep them running the entire time you don't want to have any sitting water while you are gone that's going to attract a lot lot of mosquitoes and you don't want mosquitoes at your property of course so if you have just kind of a bird bath that doesn't have a fountain that runs through it just go ahead and drain that and fill it back up when you come back here you do not want any sitting water that isn't covered outside of your home now the last thing you want to take care of before you leave is your mail so whether or not you're having your mail come out to your summer home here in Arizona you want to put a hold or direct transfer so that everything is either held and nothing will be delivered to your home or it's just directly transferred over to your other Home in the other state if you have a hold on it they'll hold all of your mail until you get back and take that hold off or of course they'll transfer all of that mail to your primary residence in the other state depending on how you manage out with your mail provider but that's something you definitely want to take care of a couple of weeks before you leave now other than that your home should be set to go and you can enjoy your summer back in your home state cuz I'm sure your summer there is a lot better than here I am a licensed real estate agent here in the Phoenix Valley of Arizona my name is Kaden Lei so if you are planning to get that winterbird home and buy in a retirement community or any Community here in the Phoenix Valley of Arizona I'd be happy to help you out I also have that free 55 plus Community guide that has a onepage summary of all the age restricted communities a map that plots them all out and a spreadsheet at the end to compare them all so if you'd like that feel free to shoot me a text call or email and I can send it right over to you

  Top Comments:
  1. @nancyberg2942 [1 likes]: Very informative!
  2. @larrywilley1998: Love it!

- The BEST Home Types in Vernon, BC for SNOWBIRDS (And What to Avoid): Kind: captions Language: en-CA If you're planning to become a snowbird in Vernon,&nbsp;BC, this might be the most important video you&nbsp;watch in our series. Because here’s the truth: Snowbird success isn’t about location alone — it’s about buying the right type of home. I have&nbsp;seen snowbirds buy beautiful properties and then&nbsp;spend every winter dealing with snow removal and&nbsp;maintenance issues and insurance concerns, and&nbsp;just constant phone calls from afar. So today,&nbsp;I'm going to break down the best home types for&nbsp;snowbirds in Vernon, and just as importantly,&nbsp;the types of homes that look great but usually&nbsp;cause the most stress. I'm Lisa Salt with RE/MAX&nbsp;Vernon Salt Fowler. This is Video #3 in my Snowbird Living in Vernon,&nbsp;BC series — where we talk honestly about how to&nbsp;make seasonal living easy and not complicated. If you haven't watched the first two videos&nbsp;yet, I'll link the playlist below, but this&nbsp;one is all about what kind of home actually&nbsp;works when you're gone for months at a time. Now, what do snowbirds really need from a home? And I mean, before we talk about the specific&nbsp;home types, let's clarify the goal. Most snowbirds&nbsp;want to lock the door and leave. They want minimal&nbsp;winter maintenance. No emergency phone calls ideally, and insurance that's easy to manage, and the peace of mind while they're away. So&nbsp;that means snowbird-friendly homes need exterior maintenance included, snow removal handled, clear&nbsp;strata or property management, and neighbours nearby year-round. Now, with that in mind, let's&nbsp;start with the best options for all those things. #1 is townhomes. This is the&nbsp;snowbird sweet spot. They're often the&nbsp;best overall choice for snowbirds in Vernon. And why do they work so well? Well, because&nbsp;of all those things I mentioned earlier: Exterior&nbsp;maintenance is included, snow removal is handled,&nbsp;private garage or parking, more space than&nbsp;a condo. So that's a consideration. When&nbsp;you come back, you want to have enough space&nbsp;to live, and easier insurance for seasonal absences. Townhomes tend to offer the perfect&nbsp;balance. You still feel like you have a home, but without the full responsibility of a detached&nbsp;house. They're especially popular in places like&nbsp;Predator Ridge, The Seasons that we already&nbsp;talked about, Okanagan Landing developments. #2 is condos. And condos are the best&nbsp;for maximum simplicity. If you want maximum&nbsp;lock-and-leave living, condos are hard to beat. They're ideal for snowbirds who travel very often,&nbsp;want minimal responsibility, prefer&nbsp;elevators and single-level living,&nbsp;or can handle elevators and single-level living,&nbsp;and don't want to think about maintenance at&nbsp;all. The pros are the building maintenance&nbsp;things are handled, snow removal is covered,&nbsp;on-site management is super easy, and&nbsp;there's security monitoring. The cons,&nbsp;though: strata rules vary, might not be something&nbsp;that you want. Storage can be limited. The key&nbsp;here is to choose a well-run building with&nbsp;clear strata policies for extended absences. Now, #3, let's talk about bare land&nbsp;strata properties. That's another excellent&nbsp;snowbird option, a very popular one, and they work&nbsp;well because you own your own home and the land,&nbsp;but there's not a lot of headaches. Often&nbsp;landscaping and snow removal are included,&nbsp;and often you get ground-level living&nbsp;as well. Often located in quiet,&nbsp;adult-oriented communities, maybe gated, and they're really popular with retirees, snowbirds especially, who want the one-level&nbsp;living and buyers downsizing from larger homes. The other option is a detached home, but proceed&nbsp;with caution. They aren't automatically wrong&nbsp;for snowbirds, but they do require planning. Challenges include things like snow removal. You’ve got to figure that out. Winter property&nbsp;checks, insurance restrictions. Normally,&nbsp;you have to have someone come and check&nbsp;once every few days. What about emergency&nbsp;response while you're away? Detached homes&nbsp;only work well for snowbirds if they're in&nbsp;a managed or gated community and you have&nbsp;reliable local support and the maintenance&nbsp;is simplified. Otherwise, they can quickly&nbsp;become a pain in the butt. Very stressful. Now, what home types should snowbirds avoid? These are the homes that cause the most problems: large detached homes with no strata, acreages&nbsp;or rural properties, especially if you have&nbsp;animals. What do you do then? Long private&nbsp;driveways, potentially steep ones. You have&nbsp;to keep those clear, maybe for the mail carrier or&nbsp;somebody coming to the door, they slip and fall,&nbsp;and all of a sudden you get sued. That's a drag. And properties with frequent winter issues. They may be beautiful, but they're not designed&nbsp;for lock-and-leave living. They just aren't. Now, quick pause. If you're planning to become a snowbird, make sure you're watching the full Snowbird Living in Vernon, BC playlist and series. Snowbird living in Vernon isn't about compromise. It's about choosing smarter. The right home type&nbsp;lets you enjoy winter away, return without stress,&nbsp;and focus on lifestyle, not maintenance. Next&nbsp;in our series, video #4 is going to&nbsp;talk about what snowbirds really need to know&nbsp;about winters in Vernon, BC. See you then.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ShohagKumarDasYouTubeSEOSpecia: Loved your video! The explanation is straightforward and keeps viewers engaged.  

I noticed the tags could be more specific for better targeting. Focused tags usually help reach the right audience.  

I can review and suggest a refined tag set if you’d like.

- Preparing your Home for Long-Term Travel | Tips for Travellers, Snowbirds and Digital Nomads: Kind: captions Language: en what up nomads and welcome back to the capsule suitcase in this video i'm talking about prepping for long-term travel whether that's because you plan to be months on the road or you're relocating to a secondary residence like snowbirds do in the winter there's a whole lot to say about the planning of the travel part but what about prepping your house and life at home for your departure in this video i walk through all the things that i do before i leave for trips that last longer than a month and a few other things to think about if this is your situation let's go [Music] okay first thing to consider how long is your trip is this a one-off trip or a new lifestyle if you plan on coming in and out that's one thing but if your house will be empty for a year that's another the main reason why this is my first point is that it can be a factor in determining whether you give up your apartment if you're renting sublet or rent out your house while you're away if you're leaving for a good chunk of time having someone rent your place can really help offset the cost of rent or your mortgage not to mention the benefit of having a house sitter and someone on location to look after your place if it's someone that you trust or a referral of a friend of a friend this can be a huge win-win situation for both of you in summary point number one is to determine if you need to follow the rest of these steps because it's likely that if you have someone living at your place a lot of these won't apply two take care of living things first find a sitter for your plants or relocate them temporarily i have a blog post on what to do with plants when you travel a lot which i'll link in the description below in a nutshell you can pay for a plant sitter just like a dog or find new homes for your foliage i know designers find this tacky but i do have a few fake plants in my apartment because i find it depressing to have no greenery when i come home from a trip if you have pets you will need to find a suitable situation for them to be well looked after if you have roommates you're lucky and they will probably be able to help with plants and animals if not there's always cat and dog sitters and boarding services or family and friends if they are willing i used to have a pet and when he passed away i didn't get another because i knew travel was going to be a big part of my lifestyle and i just couldn't bear to have them put in boarding every single time think about security depending on your type of home this may be a non-factor but i'd recommend adding a second layer of security to your fire escape windows like a bar you might also want to install timers that make it look like someone's home hot tip if you set your timer to turn on a radio set it to talk radio people don't know if voices are real or coming through the radio so it might kind of make it look like someone's chatting at home you can also get hooked up to a smart home setup with cameras and alarms but don't feel like you have to get this good locks on all windows and doors and someone checking in on your home here and there is usually enough figure out your mail while my parents were away i somehow got roped into checking their mail and then mailing it to them across the country this is not ideal look into mail forwarding with canada post or usps or whatever your local mail service is if you plan on relocating to one place if you plan on jumping around to various locations you might want to use a service where your mail is held and important documents are opened and scanned for you to access abroad these services can be private or some national mail services offer this as well it's pretty cool if you plan on becoming a digital nomad but still need a permanent address for official documents when possible i do try to get everything by digital mail or e-statements so i can access everything online and save digital copies to my cloud storage but there will inevitably be things that require a hard copy so mail services are the way to go have a point person with access to your place whether this is your building management company a trusted neighbor or a hired house sitter i always make sure someone has a key to my place in the past i've had building fire alarm inspections come through while i was away people needing to rent my place for a few nights and other reasons why i needed someone on location on my behalf you can leave a lockbox if the situation requires it or designate one person as your proxy suspend services you won't need if you have any subscriptions like food or coffee make sure you suspend your subscriptions and manage deliveries while you're away like mail you should hold any packages or ask a neighbor to retrieve them on your behalf or they probably will be stolen so best to get ahead of it and suspend any deliveries if you get deliveries without asking like if you're an influencer who receives pr packages try switching to a po box or a flex mailbox with your postal provider so all packages are delivered and held for you when it comes to utilities i don't recommend suspending your landline power or water services as these can be really annoying to set up again but you could decide to forward your landline to a cell number reduce your internet package to the lowest one and unplug a bunch of stuff to save money while you're away on the topic of unplugging things this tip is all about disaster proofing your home find out what the best course of action is in relation to water based on your building and season you might consider shutting off your water if you're leaving for a long time in the winter so no pipes burst i'm not an expert on this but i'll leave a link below on a full guide on how to do this safely so your residence is protected in the you can also set up a smart water detector which will automatically shut off your water if it detects the leak you might also want to unplug things or shut off breakers to prevent any electrical fires while you're away and you can install smart smoke detectors to alert you wherever you are in the world there's mixed advice online about fridges though but from what i've read short trips you should leave your fridge on and long trips like four months you should empty and prep your fridge for long term travel i'll leave a helpful link below about this figure out how you'll be reachable if you're traveling a lot and moving about multiple countries figure out your sim card situation are you going to keep one number do a voiceover ip setup whatsapp or facetime only or switch sim cards every country plan ahead so people especially your designated house sitter can reach you don't leave any perishables including non-consumables emptying your pantry and fridge is a given but there are also other items to consider tossing or giving away before you leave if you have any medication creams or products that will expire before you come back you might want to use them up before you leave or take them with you whatever you do don't leave them in a place where they might be in direct sunlight for part of the day air and sunlight are the main contributors to the deterioration of any product consumable or not if there are any spills or sticky things clean them up so your house is spotless and has zero chance of attracting bugs this last tip i learned the hard way make sure your items are stored in a way that's friendly for long-term storage i have clothing that is in high rotation so i never think about what four months on a hanger might do to it but the wrong sized hanger or too much gravity can really screw up your clothes my lesson was that i had a standing mat for my desk that i stored upright and by the time i came back three months later it was totally warped just keep an eye out for things that might get dented warped wrinkled or deformed by inadequate long-term storage and find solutions like boot shapers or others i hope these tips helped leave your long-term travel tips in the comments below happy travels and see you in the next video thanks for watching this video until the end for more content like this make sure you subscribe to the capsule suitcase and turn on notifications so you get all the fresh content as soon as it comes out thanks for supporting this channel happy travels

  Top Comments:
  1. @lynnebrigant2521 [2 likes]: You’ve missed out the h on the https for the link about shutting off your water, so the link is broken (though not hard to figure out the problem 😄)
  2. @gavip24: Any tips for what to do with an extra car?

- Plumbing Tips For Winter Trips And Snowbirds - Golden Rule Plumbing, Heating, Cooling and Electrical: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] Welcome to our video guide on Plumbing tips for winter trips and snowbirds protecting your pipes from frost I'm ryce Murphy your trusting Plumbing Pro from Golden Roll are you planning a winter trip or living in a region with harsh winners protecting your plumbing during the cold months is crucial to avoid costly and incom damage first let's talk about preparing your plumbing for cold weather this step is essential to ensure your pipes stay intact when the temperatures drop here's how to do it insulate exposed pipes to keep them warm seal gaps and cracks in your home's exterior to prevent drafts make sure your heating system is in good working order for those those going on winter vacations you'll need to winterize your plumbing to protect your home while you're away here are the steps shut off the main water supply to your home drain all water lines including outdoor faucets and consider adding anif freeze to toilet bowls and traps have a neighbor or friend check on your home periodically if you're wondering how to drain pipes for a winter vacation it's simpler than you might think here's how turn off the main water supply open all faucets and let the water drain completely and flush toilets to remove water from the tanks cover pipes with insulation or use heat tape to keep them warm don't forget to insulate both indoor and outdoor pipes here are some additional tips check for leaks or issues before winter arrives keep your home at a consistent temperature don't forget to disconnect and drain garden hoses in conclusion protecting your plumbing during the winter is vital for preventing costly repairs and disruptions prioritize these steps and you'll enjoy a worry-free winter if you found this video helpful please like share and subscribe for more informative Home Maintenance and safety content thanks for tuning in

- Home Checklist for Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en hello welcome to the channel in this video we are going to talk about the checklist for the snowbirds so people who live out of Canada during winter so they are a way for four to five months so what happens is when they leave the house they have to take care for certain things before they leave so in this one I'll be going through the whole list that I recommend uh doing before you leave the house this is not related to your immigration or health but specific to your house that uh so that your house stays in the best shape so let's start so the first in the checklist will be the security of your house so that is the most important thing because if burglars or someone wants to steal stuff from your house then if you don't have a good security they will steal but you won't even know until unless someone go to your home and then check and find it out for you so the first thing will be having a good security you should have exterior cameras and then interior motion sensors and if you are not connected with any security company then you need to have at least uh access with your phone so you will get a warning if the system is logged and if there's any motion then you should get a notification on your phone so you can take a quick action on that and then if you have a con alarm company that's connected with your with your security system then you should call them and update them that you will be away from uh this to this date and then when you're coming back and all that stuff so they have uh info information in their system so if there's any motion warnings or any breaking that they notice in their system then they can they can call 9-1-1 for you and then even if you have control on your phone or your security company knows uh have some emergency reliable person that can be at your place right away when you need them or you can have multiple uh people so you can just talk to both side neighbors and to talk to them about it that hey if I need you please be available or then just arrange some some friend who can who can do that for you one more way to keep your house secure to make it look like houses occupied so on your normal days what do you do so every evening you turn on the lights there will be some music or some talking and that makes a house look more like it's occupied and then what you can do is you can buy automatic timing devices or automatic timer lights that comes on or if you have a recent modern fancy security system that also has a system in the app that you can put a scheduling on the lights like the lights come on uh Whenever there is sunset or you can just put it like after 30 minutes from the sunset and then they turn off in the morning so it looks more like the house is occupied so what you can do is maybe just buy some uh timer plugins so you can put a lamp or some radio or some music system that just comes on at certain times you can set it up and then it will look house more occupied then the next is to secure your exterior doors and windows so make sure like if this is the back door right so if you see this is the deadbolt and on the top and bottom there are two latches so sometimes what happens is we lock the the deadbolt here but we forgot to latch the top and bottom so make sure they are properly latched and and secured and then for the windows it I have seen it uh many times that homeowners they close the windows but they don't latch it so if you see the bottom one is large but top one is not so it from this side if you look it looks like it's properly uh closed but it's not so make sure that you latch and lock the windows and then and on a side uh there's another tip that what you can do is you can put a two by four here so I'll show you how so I don't have a 2x4 but uh some some painting here so I'm just putting it like if you cut the two by four and put it at the bottom here or two by six what it will do is let's say even if my latch is open right so if you if you cut to through the full size even if someone wants to open the window they won't be because the the two by four four will stop it so this is extra tip for all the sliding doors and windows that are easily accessible from the outside so you can put uh exact size cut two by six or four so to secure your garage door there will be two things that you need to keep in mind so first will be electronically so someone maybe can use some random code and try to guess your code and if they find out and then they'll be able to open it or they can try to connect to your motor somehow there are different ways that they can do it try to hack it and then they can open it so to solve the problem electronically you you can just simply plug out the wire so that there is no power and even if they can guess the code but they won't be able to open the garage code uh sorry the garage door so that's one thing and then the second thing to secure your garage door is that if someone tries to open it mechanically or forcefully then what they will do is they will be able to just put something at the bottom try to pull in and break the mechanism there so the door gets free so in that case what you can do is if you see on the on the sides you will see these tracks that open and close the garage door and then there is this track road so if you see there are these holes on the side so just find a track that's very close to a screw hole like this one so what you can do is just put a bolt or a padlock there to secure it so just put it through so that when someone tries to mechanically open the door that bolt will be on the way like this so this won't open then uh there are also other ways that a garage door can be secured like putting a lock on the floor there or on the side so I'll attach a picture for a few of the options and um take step that that suits your best and also make sure if you have a pet doors or pet axes make sure you secure it and then if you have uh old wood chimneys that they open from the top then have a security for that as well so usually there's a Iron Guard that you can put on the front of the chimneys to seal it so make sure that you do those as well now next in the list will be the maintenance so I will divide this into two the exterior maintenance and the interior and the exterior we'll start with inspecting the exterior building of your house so just go through the house check your roof siding deck and all the things I will attach the link for more detailed video uh in that one I have shown all the steps that you need to follow to inspect your exterior but if you have already done something similar a few months back then just go a quick uh have a quick look and if there's something that needs any attention then just get that fixed then the second one will be consider having an outdoor Pest Control service so in this one you don't have to hire someone but just let's say buy your garage door if there's a little Gap or for any garage doors there is a little Gap coming from the outside and the spiders and pests can come in just keep those small uh Pest Control sheets so they're like the clues when pests come in they will be able to uh they'll be they'll be stick to that one and then also bring your barbecue from your deck or patio to inside the garage or shed and then your secure your porch furniture if you leave it there then tie it with something so if there's a snowstorm or something they won't be falling off so secure them and then if you remove your barbecue and if it's with a propane tank then remove the propane tank and uh you can I won't advise you to keep it in garage I mean just in case if anything happens if it's empty then it's fine otherwise you can just keep it secured somewhere else and then also if your house is old let's say 10 years old and then it needs some repair so I would advise to get a home inspection done to see if there is anything that's uh urgent or major that requires repairs before winter then you can uh quickly get it done another thing that's very important is snow removal from your sidewalks so most of the Cities they have a system if someone files a complaint that a homeowner didn't remove the sidewalk and the injure then uh you you're you'll be getting a ticket or they can be a lawsuit so it's very important that you hire a snow removal company if you don't have anyone who can do that for you so make sure before you leave you have these things arranged so if you have a AC and then there's exterior unit so make sure that you cover it with AC cover or you can also use a tarp and tie it properly so during the winter season it stays uh properly sealed and when you come back in Spring you'll be able to easily clean and use it now let's talk about interior maintenance so in this one I'll be dividing it into two parts so one that you will need to do you can even do like a week before you're leaving and the second one will be the day you leave so I'll explain and split the list and then so it will be easier for you to follow first in your list will be to inspect your carbon monoxide and smoke detectors make sure the light is green so this is the carbon monoxide and then you can check for uh smoke detector the light is green as well if it's not then you will need to press the reset button and test it if there's something wrong then change the batteries then it will be your furnace filter so make sure you remove the flap and check the filter and if it's dirty clean it even if you changed it two months ago usually the recommendation is three months but now as you're leaving and you'll be gone for three four months it's good to replace it now so that by the time you come back it will be good I mean till then it will be good then it will be your uh humidifier so make sure you put your humidity far more to Winter and then yohimidi stats to the number that uh depending on the weather I'll be talking more about this one if you're shutting off your water so I'll explain this as well then if you have your HRV unit there are two filters inside that you need to take out and uh then clean it so because same thing it requires cleaning every three months so again by the time you come back it will be clogged again so you can clean it uh that or for the furnace filter and that Sharpie filter it's recommended if you're going more than three months or let's say you're going for five months then you if whoever is responsible for your house you ask them to take a look and if they're too dirty then they clean and then you will also need to inspect your sump pump so I'll show the instructions how to do it so where is sump pump located usually located in a mechanical room or under these stairs but for the walkout house it's located at the back of the basement now there are two main types of sump pumps one is with one code plugged in into the plugin and the other one is with two codes so I will explain both these systems and how to test them in this sump pump there is only one plugged in code autocut switch is with the float switch inside the sump bit which automatically turns on the sump pump on when water level rises and shut it off when water is drained so now I will open the cover up to test some pump uh first of all remove the screws there might be four screws or 12 screws it depends on the type of uh that covers the uh your contractor used so just simply remove the cover and then inside you can see a sump pump so this whole unit is a pump and that unit is a float so that means when level of water rises it will automatically turn on uh the sump pump so I will show so if you see now it turns on and when you leave it or when level of water goes down it turns it off so this is a way to test your sump pump foreign type of sump pump in which you can see there are two wires coming out of the sample motor and this one uh the main this wire is for your sump pump motor and the middle connector is for your float sensor that when your sump pump tank fills up with the water like 60 70 percent it automatically supplies power to the sump pump for it to start and drain out the water so to test this sump pump you need to directly plug in sump pump wire into the outlet and you can hear the sound of the sump pump running that means it's working fine and now you can reconnect this and plug it into your outlet we've already discussed in the security part that make sure that all the windows and doors are properly latched and locked and then also inspect your attic to make sure both the latches are locked and your attic is secured then also make sure if you have any indoor plants uh you can water them or the person who's taking care for your house you can give them a schedule that make sure to water your plants every two weeks or three weeks depending on what plants you have and then if you have pets then if you're taking with them that's very great but if they are staying somewhere in a shelter or with someone that makes sure you have done your communication and then at the time you're the day you're leaving so you already know what to do so um I would highly advise if you want to cover your furniture with white sheets so that they the dust stays off them if you don't usually do that then that's that's also fine but yeah make sure that you have all the sheets ready that you can cover it as the day you're leaving also uh when you're locking and all the doors so make sure when you put down the blinds they are not completely closed make sure you leave them about six inches up above so that when it's too cold all the um the air that's coming from the vents it goes under the Blind and on the Windows otherwise what happens is it gets a condensation or condensate and there will be a ice formation which is uh really not good for the house so especially when you're away so make sure that there's a gap so that your window stays warmer next in the list we'll be talking about the appliances so make sure you check all the appliances and you turn them off so I'll go by one by one and then I'll explain it to you so the first will be your refrigerator your fridge make sure that your fridge and freezer are emptied so nothing spoils uh let's say if you have something in the fridge that can that can go bad in few days and if you leave it and by the time you're back it will be worse so make sure you emptied out and also you can keep a baking soda deodorizer so they're usually they keep the fridge fresh even though it's empty sometimes it starts smelling when you don't open it usually and then also there's a water line at the back of the fridge you turn that off so I'll show you that how so first you have to slide out the fridge then at the back if you see there is the bulb for the water line so you need to turn that off so if you see it's right now in the parallel to the wall so that means it's turned on and if you turn it on the other side it will turn off the water also once you turn off the water make sure you dispense any leftover water and remove all the ice from your dispenser or if you have an ice cabinet then also make sure the temperature for the fridge is set to the lowest so you're not using a lot of energy you can set it to the minimum or also you can shut off your fridge very like completely but make sure you empty it out and then you wipe it thoroughly so that there's nothing that can make it smell but still you can uh keep the baking soda deodorizer so it will help as well next one will be your microwave make sure you open it you clean it thoroughly everything is clean and then um and then you leave it so for the power you can turn it off from the breaker I'll show that to you once we go to that uh part and then if you have an electrical range or gas stove make sure you properly clean all the burners and everything so by the time you come back you can quickly use it and if you have electrical range then you will need to turn off the power from the basement but if you have a gas range then you can turn off the gas line from here and plug this out so it's safe to do so because uh you don't need to keep this one on and then if you have your oven with the with the cooktop or the range then make sure you clean everything inside and then if you have a separate oven then make sure you clean it thoroughly and then you can shut off the power from the electro panel then the next will be your dishwasher so make sure you open it and clean the soap dispenser and then at the bottom if you when you remove the bottom tray you will see the drain line uh and the drain there's a filter so make sure you clean that good and also what you can do is uh at the at the end before you leave one day before the same morning you can run a cycle with the baking soda and the vinegar so it removes all the uh residues and food residues and smell and then make sure that you dry this so you can either leave this open like this so it's ventilating or there's a fresher going in or you can also leave like a deodorizer similar to your fridge so it doesn't smell bad if it stays closed also make sure to shut off the water to your dishwasher so there will be a wall under the sink or next cabinet to your dishwasher and then uh there will be a metal line going to the dishwasher so that's the wall so make sure you shut it also right now know if it's going parallel that means it's on if you go if it goes perpendicular or on the side that means it's shut off so now it's uh turned off then the next will be your washer and dryer as the appliances that you need to clean before you go so for the for the washer depending on the brand you have so this one is Samsung and there is a filter here that you can clean so just open it and then you can open this and clean it so there will be instructions on the top and then if there's no filter there then what you can do is just open here and in your washer you might see it's few holes here those are the drain holes so you can properly clean them and vacuum them and wipe them and then make sure you leave your washer door open for it to ventilate um if it seems dry you can also leave some baking soda sheets or powder packs inside or silica gels that comes in your shoe box they they just absorb a little bit of moisture and it doesn't make your washer smell and for the on the other side for your dryer make sure that you remove your lint filter you clean this properly and then in here you can also vacuum if there's a little bit uh any any lint stuck inside but make sure you don't leave your dryer door open because this leads to the dryer vent outside and when it's very cold that cold air can come in through this so make sure this door is properly closed and then to shut off the water supply you can see at the back there those are the Water Supplies you can put your hand through and then shut them off or you can remove your washer and dryer out and shut them off and then unplug them but also you can turn off the power from the electrical panel that I'll show you when uh when the electrical panel part comes and uh also you will need to shut off the water for your sinks and toilets so I'll show you for the sink uh each sink have its own wall for hot and cold so if you see there so it's for this is for the tour and then there's one for the cold so you will need to shut them off so similar to the dishwasher wall as I explained that this one if it's parallel to the line it's uh on and then if you go on the side then it's shut off then you do the same thing for your toilet uh water lines if you see at the back there's a wall so you just turn it sideways and shut it off make sure once you shut off the walls turn on the faucet or the bib to allow any water that's there and then it can it can drain and then the same thing for the toilet because there will be water in the tank so you flush the toilet to empty that now this will be for the day that you're leading so um if you want to shut off your house water then go to the main wall and shut it off completely the only problem with this will be that your humidifier won't get any moisture and then your house may dry up so make sure that you leave uh like a bucket or two buckets a few liters in the main kitchen and in the basement so as if your house dries up it will get mixed up in the air so your host house won't won't get too dry or the person who's coming to take care for your house weekly or let's say he comes by every two weeks then you can make sure that the the house is not dry than 15 because if it gets drier than 15 20 then your house will start shrinking you drive all the baseboards it may have those cracks so that will be a bigger problem uh at the end when you come back then uh there will be a few walls if you have a plumbing done like this so there will be a main line going to your house then this line goes to the humidifier this line goes to the outside exterior bib so also make sure that your exterior bib is shut off this is something that's uh should be done before the temperature goes below zero so you shut this off and remove all the water or drain all the water from the outside uh Bib and remove the garden hose now this one and the other one won't be much of a worry because there is no water so uh but if you have a different lines then you can shut them off all of them so that the Water Supplies completely cut off and then if there's a little bit of water that's left over you can drain that the next thing in the list will be the day you're leaving you can shut off your hot water tank so if you have a gas hot water tank then there will be a plug in there that you can remove and then if you have an electrical one then you can go to the electrical panel electrical panel and come and turn off the breaker for that one uh also there will be a leftover water in this one so if you want to drain that too so there's no leakage at the bottom of your dish of your hot water tank they will be evolved like this so some people turn on this one to drain the water but this is only for the emergency and hot water tank or drains it automatically the water inside the hot water hot water tank is too hot but if you use this manually then it may break the Rubber seal that's inside and the whole pipe will start leaking so the best way is to go through this so this will attach a small hose that goes your mechanical room uh drain then if you see here you can turn this with a screwdriver and it will drain all the water that's inside the hardware tank also make sure that you turn off the wall so that when you're emptying it out at that time no more water is added so you can just go uh perpendicular like this to the water supply is shut off now you will also need to turn off certain Breakers uh like for your appliances that you don't need or any other electrical outlets that you don't need so you can just come to your electrical panel and check the labeling on the side and turn the respective breaker off now make sure if you have a security system uh and you don't turn off that particular breaker off or if you have a furnace or a mechanical system that's installed on this one you don't turn that off so you have to be very careful searching the name of what breaker you want to turn off and then what you want to keep on also if you have those automatic lights uh that or the timer lights that come on and if you plug it in at let's say in your bonus room or in your living room then make sure you don't turn off those Breakers also make sure if there's any garbage bin inside the house or recycling bin you completely empty them out and clean them and then store them in your garage then in the interior maintenance list this will be the final one which is the cleanup of your whole house so make sure you properly clean everything and make sure that all the things are the way they should be when you leave the house now in this one we will be discussing about more of a task and then the calls you need to make other than the maintenance that you need to do so in this one the first will be to call your home insurance and update them that you're leaving from certain period to certain period so that they are aware that your way because most of the insurance companies they require you to update them that you're going away for more than a week or two uh it's just a policy so depending on your policy you will need to call them and discuss this and then if you have a car insurance with the same company as you're calling for the home insurance you can also discuss your car insurance with them and if you're not taking your car with with you then and staying in the garage or on your driving then you can say that okay I just need a parking uh insurance instead of paying the whole amount so you'll be saving some money there next will be to call your subscription company so let's say you have a newspaper subscription or a magazine subscription so you can call them and then say that you want to stop the service from uh for the period that you're away also call your cable and then phone utility company to to set the bill to the minimum or if you can call your utility company and say if they have some garbage uh you can cancel it or hold it for a few months so that you can save let's say 30 40 bucks a month and then it will be it will be some saving but then the next will be to change your phone voicemail to your vacation voicemail that you're away and you can be reached at the number that you will have when you're gone or you can also forward your voicemail uh sorry your your calls from your house number to the location home so that if someone calls you you will be easily getting all the calls also uh empty out all the old voicemail so there is more space in your in your uh phone system that that can record more more voicemails or if you're using it as a forwarding then you'll be fine and for your uh mailbox so if you have a Canada mailbox you can visit their branch and you can also use a mail forwarding option uh but if it's too expensive for the location you're going then you can have someone that will be taking you for your house to check your mailbox and send it to you or send you the pictures or scan for all the important mailbox and other can be taken care as well um also if you have any variables in the house like jewelry documents or anything that need to be in the deposit box then make sure you do that a few days before you're leaving um so that they are secured also uh your emergency contact or the person who will be regularly visiting your house uh their number can be also provided to your security company so just in case if there's any emergency and you cannot be reached so they can reach that person and then uh they can take some action on that um it's always good to have a extra emergency contact so the the person you will be setting up to come and regularly visit your house it's also good to have one more person just in case if you can't reach them in case of emergency so it can be your neighbor or both the Neighbors on sides and then and then you can talk uh to them about it thanks for watching the video um I know this will be a long list of of items to do or a checklist but I just wanted to make sure that a homeowner who's leading for two three months they are thorough with all the items they need to do regarding the Home Maintenance and uh the other other important steps so make sure you watch whole video and you might have made a list uh thanks again please like And subscribe to the channel and share this video with your friends who also go for long Vacations so they can follow the steps and they can enjoy their vacation thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @catbee1452 [1 likes]: Very thorough, thank you. You gave much more needed detail than most!

- National Geographic - Secrets of the Greatest Snow on Earth - New Documentary HD 2019: Kind: captions Language: en when the world wears white again and everything disappears under a thick blanket of snow that's when the magic of winter unfolds [Music] as in every year nature shows us a world of wonders as mother nature decides to let it snow snow crystals are natural works of art as fragile as they are ephemeral each crystal is unique and yet all developed in accordance with the same six-fold symmetry however small the individual crystals are there United force is a natural phenomenon that determines the course of life during the cold season this is particularly true for the Alpine mountain ranges it's December and about time to look for a proper Christmas tree snowflakes descend softly from the tree and we've never before seen nature's white splendour quite like this this tree is exactly right it's the perfect choice the landscape is deeply covered in snow and here in the Austrian mountains it looks as though it's going to be a white Christmas again but there's still a little time to go before then the wild animals sense that the weather is about to change dense clouds appear the weather front carries moist air that collides with cold air masses in the alpine region ideal conditions for productive snowfalls when it is barely below freezing the first snow crystals begin to form inside the clouds over time they join up to form bigger flakes and once they're heavy enough they fall from the clouds and it snows each of mother holders works of art is unique no two snowflakes are exactly alike unlike raindrops or hailstones snowflakes fall gently from the sky once a snowflake touches water it immediately melts releasing the air inside this creates a high-pitched sound that is unique to each flake and inaudible to the human ear without the assistance of Technology on their descent to the ground some of these fragile structures run into warmer pockets of air and melt but most of them make it all the way to the ground where they form a blanket that keeps growing thicker some Nikolay in the Austrian circuit are here as in many valleys of the Alps time-honored Christmas traditions are kept alive all throughout the Advent season the whole family takes part in preparations for the grand celebration stars are made from straw both for the christmas tree and to decorate the windows and once the snow starts to fall visions of a white Christmas begin to stir in everyone's dreams while the family is busy with Christmas preparations in the warm room the snowfall grows heavier outside not many dare to venture out the next morning for some animals in the wild winter is the hardest time of the year now they have to live off fat reserves they built up in the summer they're protected by their winter fur which is such an effective insulator but snow doesn't melt for hours the new snow is deep and soft and each step takes a lot of energy during snowstorms Shinhwa and dear sometimes show surprising behavior they allow themselves to get snowed in as the blanket of snow protects them from wind and frost other animals successfully use this trick to Huskies spend the night outside they don't mind even the sharpest frost and the heaviest snowfall and in the morning the Hardy dogs are busy getting rid of the snow again [Applause] the animals are restless they can hardly wait to get going Huskies are originally from Siberia where they being used as slave docks for centuries Huskies are perfectly adjusted to snow their pores are padded and hair between their toes ensures a safe tread dog slay races are becoming increasingly popular everywhere and only the strongest and most experienced animals get to run at the head of a pack Huskies are totally in their element in the snow which can't be said about sheep if a herd is surprised by a snowstorm it usually means heavy shoveling for the shepherds nope the natural response of sheep is to flee any imminent threat but where to escape when danger threatens from all sides the sheep are noticeably confused and even once their way is shoveled free they still require some persuasion without help they would freeze to death as in September 2007 when hundreds of sheep perished in the Austrian Alps it takes quite some time until the strange caravan reaches the stable not only is it warm and dry here but there's plenty also for the sheep to eat in sharp contrast to the conditions faced by wild animals outside for Shinhwa for example foraging in the winter is a challenge when deep snow covers the plants on the ground the animals must stretch for the young coefficients in times of dearth they even nibble the meager lichens of the tree bark the splendid white snow is already several feet high as the next cold front approaches the Alps bringing even more the downside of a picturesque winter's tale is its icy cold and heavy snowstorms and once a dense snowfall and strong winds combined things get really uncomfortable the snowflakes whip horizontally through the air the wind amplifies the bitter cold and frost animals in the wild suffer the most under such extreme weather conditions many of them must look for cover now some of them have developed their own survival tricks the snow vole for example lives in caves underneath the snow where the temperature never drops below freezing if the snow failed to appear and provide his protective layer many animals and plants would not survive the winter while the snow vole is secure in its warm cave the Shinhwa climbing up the mountains in search of food above the Timberline the wind continues to blow the snow away and expose his withered grass but these frozen Tufts are merely signs for the Shinhwa they scratch right next to them for grass that didn't freeze under the snow thus remaining edible during Advent days are short and nights a long and cold inside the houses though it's warm and the smell of biscuits the long-awaited harbinger of the upcoming Christmas celebration lingers everywhere many old customs and traditions brighten up this time of eager anticipation to the sounds of Advent horns another window of a special house is opened it's an oversized advent calendar and next to it what sweet chestnuts and open hearts provide warmth and a sense of belonging and well-being during particularly frosty nights a fascinating phenomenon occurs the moisture in the air freezes and turns into hoarfrost overnight the landscape is covered with ice crystals the result is a winter picture book panorama son and hoarfrost frequently go hand in hand as cloudless winter weather is especially cold however hoarfrost doesn't only accumulate on boughs and branches but also on the blanket of snow it's crystals differ considerably from the snow below hoarfrost is created at about minus 8 degrees Celsius or lower and the moisture in the air freezes directly on surfaces freezing cold winter nights provide ice and the inhabitants of some alpine valleys take advantage of this they still master the high art of ice cultivation instead of chopping ice likely to be contaminated with suspended sediment from frozen brooks or lakes ice farmers repeatedly douse specially designed wood racks with water taps several feet long of particularly clean ice are grown here in the cold while any sediment is washed away by the surplus water finally the ice is sawn into pieces these massive structures grew in just two days in order not to break up the highly sought-after ice craps any further they have to be careful harvested and stowed this frosty speciality is a pure pleasure and safe to enjoy in food and drinks in former times people were dependent on the cold of winter if they wanted to freeze water today researchers like your honish beagle create snow crystals artificially in the cold laboratories of the Swiss Federal Institute for snow and Avalanche research in Davos temperatures as low as minus 40 degrees Celsius are common here researchers create nature identical snow scientists examine the structure of this snow under the microscope an atlas of snow crystals records about 6,000 different crystal forms humidity temperature and the water's molecular structure are crucial data points electrostatic fields align the water molecules hexagonal II and this basic structure holds steady as the water slowly freezes and the snow crystal gradually grows until it's finished between minus 12 and minus 18 degrees Celsius the classic six-armed thus no stars or dendrites appear it's the temperature that determines how finely branched they become freezing water gives off heat which decreases at higher temperatures and this in turn causes additional variations in structure because a bigger surface facilitates the discharge of heat consequently dendrites turn out to be distinctly less branched when they're created at lower temperatures so not all snow is alike and at very low temperatures snow crystals take on the form of little tiles columns and cylinders of ice but what is somewhat inconspicuous under the microscope is actually every winter athletes dream and the height of winter fun fine powder snow children are particularly fond of this delightful variety of winters produce fresh powder snow is an attraction for skiers and snowboarders too but sparkling white winter landscapes also serve another purpose new snow reflects about 90 percent of sunlight thus snow plays an important part in the global climate but why is snow actually white the ice of the snow crystals is colorless and transparent at the border surfaces between ice crystals and air the white sunlight is reflected and scattered and with enough randomly distributed ice crystals scattering light in all directions the overall color the results is white when snow covers the landscape some animals prove to be particularly adaptable to the changed conditions during the winter the ptarmigan with it's bright white plumage is superbly camouflaged it changes the colors of its feathers according to the seasonal to deceive its enemies the same is true for the mountain hair however it's winter fur is more than camouflage thanks to its insulating properties the hair survives temperatures of minus 30 Celsius not only in the Alps of the animals adapted themselves to winter red-crowned cranes are migratory birds but on the Japanese island of Hokkaido they remain at home throughout the earth during the winter months these elegant birds perform their courtship ritual Aikido is also an Eldorado for winter athletes and snow researchers in his research Masaru Emoto investigates the factors that determine the growth of ice crystals emoto's findings are as interesting as they are controversial according to his hypothesis the process of crystallization can be directly influenced the water is exposed to the sound of music or spoken words in the case of negative sounds or concepts the crystal structure is supposedly strongly distorted positive musical words are reported to result in beautiful crystals classical opera seems to promote crystals of superb form however other factors may also influence these experiments ice crystals grow following a chaotic principle even the smallest influences change their shapes maybe it's simply the rhythmic sound waves or the angry music that disturbed the development of their fragile structures back from the laboratory into nature to understand how snow crystals are created in natural surroundings researchers have to get themselves to the center of the action on board a hale defense aeroplane the austrian meteorologist alexander police' flies straight into the heart of a snow cloud gauges measure temperature humidity and wind speed so called condensation kernels service seeds around which droplets form at the clouds mist moisture accumulates around minut particles of dust and soot such particles also serve as freezing kernels for snow crystals it's already cold enough in the clouds the first crystals start to form they grow linked together and descend as snowflakes to the earth here this white splendor arrives just in time for Christmas snow has a magical attraction especially for children now snowmen are in high season this tradition isn't all that old the snowman became popular only in the 18th century as a symbol of the hard winter but this image has changed due to improved living conditions and people increasingly enjoyed the cold season in the mountains however the snow can prove to be a danger for humans and animals alike a young SRAM wah is stuck in the deep snow inexperienced as it is it mustn't lose connection with the herd at all costs but the young animal sinks deep into the snow and falls further and further behind with the last of its strength the young Franois escapes its plight and rejoins its mother in the nick of time the devastating Abhilash thunders down into the valley this natural phenomenon can turn entire forests into firewood avalanches are winters greatest danger in the Alps the Shinhwa are accustomed to this threat if a herd has to cross a dangerous mountainside the most experienced animal leads alone carefully the Shinhwa explores the situation and looks for a safe passage at the same time it creates a path in the deep snow for the rest of the herd to follow but the remaining animals proceed only after the leader has safely reached the other side the Shinhwa show even more remarkable behavior on this occasion the herd doesn't cross the hillside as one instead the animals risk the dangerous passage one at a time by doing so the ShamWow instinctively reduced the strain on the snow cover and thus the risk of the entire herd being swept away by an avalanche this danger is very real not only for the Shangguan Skeeter's are a fascinating way to enjoy the white splendor off the beaten track experienced skiers however always keep a careful eye on the snow underneath them all too easily as snow shelf can break off and drag a careless skier deep beneath the snow Mervan engraft mountain near de force here researchers from a Swiss Federal Institute for snow and Avalanche research study the causes of avalanches in this testing ground profiles of the snow cover are created huge fights ER examines everything from a lowest layer of granulated old snow to the fine flakes of the most recent snowfall but quality of snow changes constantly and this results in the formation of distinct layers that can in extreme cases turn into dangerous slides the snow masses above these slippery layers can easily start moving the researchers cut out a block of snow to test its divinity with this kind of testing a little jump usually suffices where the snow shares the border layer is analyzed in meticulous detail the data is sent to avalanche warning services but today nothing gets in the way of enjoying the deep powder snow what attracts droves of tourists into the Alps today used to be a vital means of transportation in the not so distant past for snow offers some advantages of a regular ground travel last summer's hay is stored in small barns high up on the alpine pastures in order to bring this dried grass to the valley to feed their livestock in the winter farmers depended on an obvious method of transportation they loaded the hay onto big sleighs occasionally going down the mountains is risky even for the Alps master climbers but a trip with the hey slay is far from perfectly safe island after all a fully laden slay in way as much as two hundred and fifty kilos across level stretches they have to be towed to keep them from losing momentum once the path gets steeper skillful steering is required to make sure the sleigh doesn't a few masters of this art today and if the driver loses control of his precious cargo he invariably ends up in the ditch this method of bringing in the hay requires careful attention and great skill and in former times serious accidents were common occurrences much more peaceful then as well as now was a ride in the horse-drawn sleigh in the evening Twilight when the snowy landscape gradually sinks into darkness with his time for the coachman the light his lanterns and if then it softly starts to snow the winter fairy tale is buried fluffy snowflakes are dancing in the sky just like in a movie scene and indeed this snow didn't originate in the clouds but in a studio here it is actually lava that is blown into the air but creating snow at the push of a button is far from the real thing certainly nothing to compare to a genuine white Christmas and luckily sometimes nature plays along on Christmas Eve a festive mood prevails in the tranquil village of Santa Nikolai after church many people come to see the Christmas nativity before returning home candlelight and the center fir trees fill the room the anticipation grows and with it impatience but finally the big moment arrives back but glow in the children's eyes stirs many and adults fond memories of merry Christmas's past a Christmas Eve that could hardly be more perfect inside everyone celebrates while outside it snows after Christmas the high season of winter sports begins and if the snow doesn't make an appearance on its own it's given a hand more and more Ski Areas rely on snow cannons these days thus this critical basis for winter tourism is maintained even if nature doesn't comply the average temperature of many alpine regions has risen noticeably over the last few decades according to the predictions of climate researchers this trend will only escalate when there's too little snow many ski resorts are already dependent on generating their white splendor artificially propeller cannons are spraying finely atomized deep frozen water but this method of producing snow is also controversial as it requires a lot of energy and water what's more snow from these cannons is harder to ski on nature's original remains unequaled the week's come and go in the mountains the magic of snow presents its majestic beauty deep into spring occasionally however the silence of nature is disturbed by strange sounds Restless wood grouse are already beginning their courtship rituals in March their distinctive cries and splendid plumage are to attract females for the mating season soon at hand the days grow longer and the power of the Sun increases during the winter snow and ice bound up large quantities of water that are now released in the warm spring air snow and ice crystals wane if the snow melts too quickly a sudden deluge of water rushes down the mountains potentially causing severe floods in the valleys on the other hand in the case of a more gradual form the ground can absorb enough water for earlier plants the snow vole is ready to venture outside again and the common frogs feel spring fever to their spawning migration takes them back to the place where they hatched themselves the shallow water fills with frogs and their spawn next year the frogs will return here again often the snow on the summit's of the Alps remains throughout the whole year the glacial ice is essentially nothing but condensed snow the weight of new snow masses eventually compresses the lower layers into ice in the context of a broader climate change this eternal ice may soon be a thing of the past due to global warming the alpine glaciers are declining like a Teresa found in the region of roll mountain guide and Hut keeper Gottfried light deep explores the inner life of the ice masses life cap has a wealth of experience to draw upon ever since childhood he studied the glaciers in this region and followed their development however this is a risky undertaking as no one knows how stable the ice cover really is on the other hand only a local inspection can deliver first-hand information about the glaciers condition and the possible effects of the current global warming Godfried light keeps findings are alarming the glacier has been shrinking for years in the summer the ice is already so thin that the sunlight illuminates the cave the meltwater forms a little stream below the glacier and surfaces at his tongue as fascinating as the site of this nearly transparent ceiling may be the danger of one of its thinned pieces of ice breaking off at any time is very real deeper in the mountains conditions are quite different constant low temperatures and the proper humidity provide for splendid snow crystals throughout the earth this cave is the natural counterpart to the cold laboratories of the snow researchers in Davos despite their enormous size these crystals form in the same way as the snow crystals from the clouds with time the body temperature of one human being is enough to cause these works of art to melt that's why Godfrey delight get rarely comes here and we are also leaving this natural wonder outside Jack Frost rises up once more by the middle of May the Green Mountain Meadows set the stage for a final appearance of nature's white splendor and one last time the snow falls quietly until its return next winter

  Top Comments:
  1. @oleggorky906: This is Austria; that's not the Wasatch mountains of Utah.

- Snowbirds Going Home Impacts Economy: Kind: captions Language: en and it's a wrap in just a few weeks the snowbirds are expected to head back north so just how will this impact local businesses ABC 7's Marla Spence joins us from Main Street in Sarasota businesses up and down Main Street and all across Sarasota could soon see a drop in business as the snowbirds head back home soon each year more than 80,000 northerners flocked to the Sun Coast during the winter months a sarasota restaurant owner says when snowbirds leave after Easter it creates a huge cut in business for his two restaurants c'est la vie and Lolita Tartine in downtown Sarasota I would said salami we drop like barley on like 30 40 percent of ourselves during the summer he tells us each year for almost 20 years snowbirds bring in the bulk of his revenue we always very sad you know to see the new snowbirds because we really enjoy or so having this numbers this is people they have time they enjoy live the owner tells us this year he's been preparing to keep money coming in to his two restaurants by adding more services what we working on now it's driving delivery of course for all the local people we spoke to Ron Soto with the Sarasota downtown Merchants Association he says when snowbirds head on back home there's a two week dry period he says after that period locals come on out they spend their dollars and business goes back to booming for Sarasota I'm Marla Spence reporting in Sarasota for ABC 7 your Sun Coast news

- Trump’s Trade War Sends Canadian Snowbirds Packing ||  A Billion-Dollar Winter Exodus: Kind: captions Language: en The annual migration of hundreds of thousands of Canadian snowbirds escaping freezing temperatures in their homeland and heading to warmer US states such as Florida for the duration of the winter could be about to become noticeably thinner. Many have ditched plans to visit their southern neighbor and are looking to spend their valuable dollars elsewhere. largely put off by Donald Trump's escalating economic war with Canada and strict new immigration rules that have created fear and confusion, there's some resistance. There's always someone calls in from Canada and says, "No, no more us. Before we were friends [music] and now enemies," said Richard Clevat, a Canadian originally from Quebec who's owned a motel and apartment rental business in [music] Fort Lauderdale. Popular with snowbirds for more than three decades. Bookings have declined. Our rates are a little lower to try to attract [music] them. In March and April, a lot of people kind of walked away from the deposits, which wasn't so bad because we were able to rent the rooms to others. But in the summer, what was bad was they also didn't book [music] for the following year, and that hurt us financially. The boycott, which began last winter after Trump's election to a second term as president, an imposition of trade tariffs appears to be gathering pace. According to research by the Travel Health Insurance Association of Canada, it promises to put a severe dent in the $20.5 billion snowbirds traditionally pump into the US economy between late October and April. The study found only 26% of Canadians intend to take a US vacation this winter, down from 41%. Last year, and of those 61 and older, only 1 in 10 plan to visit, compared to one in three a year ago. Canada's own tourism industry, meanwhile, [music] is reporting record revenue. Buoied by visitors who decided to stay home, the sector took [music] in 59 billion Canadians, 42 billion from May to August, a 6% increase on 2014. American visitors to Canada dropped 1.7% during [music] that same period. Business owners such as Clavit and realtors in popular snowbird states such as Arizona, Florida, Texas, and Hawaii are reporting significantly fewer rental bookings and higher than usual numbers of Canadians seeking to offload second houses and condos. More than half of Canadians with homes in the US, 54% are considering selling in the next 12 months, with 62% of those citing the political situation as their main reason, according to research published in August. While some blame a weak Canadian dollar and rising travel costs for their decision not to travel, 40% also site political [music] tensions with the US. Trump has frequently assailed Canada and its political [music] leaders, recently retaliating for an anti-tariff advertisement posted by the Ontario government by slapping an additional 10% tariff on imports from a country he has repeatedly taunted as the 51st state. of equal concern to traveling Canadians, experts say are a raft [music] of invasive new immigration measures imposed by the Trump administration have left many uncomfortable about crossing the border. From December, all non-American visitors will be photographed on both their arrival and departure from the US. The move follows new enforcement this year of an obligation on Canadians visiting for longer than 30 days to register their presence and whereabouts with the US government. Ryan Ratchkovski, director of research and communications at the Toronto-based Canadian Snowbird Association, said there was confusion over the registration policy, which he said was being enforced erratically at points of immigration. Some members, [music] he said, had been subjected to secondary screening featuring the collection of biometric data, including fingerprints and photographs, while others experienced smooth entries. There is so much inconsistency right now. It's based on the border officer that you get, based on the port of entry that you're entering the US from. And because of that, we're reproviding our members with a warning and letting them know that this might be a possibility. He said our message to snowbirds every year is be prepared. This year, obviously, people are going to be prepared in a different way. Rajkovsky said he believed the drop in travel by Canadians would be more by shorter term vacationers than the estimated. 900,000 snowbirds who traditionally spend up to the permitted 6 months in the US but acknowledged many were uneasy about the political situation. The longerterm travelers, some of those individuals have made it clear to us they don't want to travel to the US [music] this coming season, but I would say the vast majority, particularly those that own homes in the US, will be making the trip this year as they always have. He said, "Economic and political headwinds are making the snowbird lifestyle more difficult," he added. In Florida, prices are going up, particularly for things like insurance coverage, and the Canadian dollar isn't [music] helping as well. So, it's a much more complex picture than just looking at it from a political standpoint. Analysts say any significant drop in snowbird visits could be catastrophic for states where they are among the biggest spenders during the winter months. The snowbird economy brings in an estimated $20.5 billion annually in direct spending, property, and [music] sales taxes and supports millions of jobs, especially in tourism, hospitality, and retail. The US Travel Association warned earlier this year that even a 10% drop in travel would mean 2 million fewer visits and cost 2.1 billion in loss spending with local businesses [music] suffering the most. You've got businesses that have to recalibrate their projections regarding the number of visitors, which has a very significant ripple effect throughout the manufacturing sector and supply chains all the way into the travel and tourism industries, but also much beyond that, said Valerie Krooks of [music] Simon Fraser University and an expert in snowbird demographics and behaviors. There are entire hospitals that bring in seasonal workers to address the demand by the influx of snowbirds from the northern US and Canada. And when you change the numbers, you change everything about how a particular hospital system is able to operate. Crooks said the more obstacles that are placed in the path of snowbirds, the more likely they are to take themselves and their money elsewhere, such as Mexico. The second most popular destination for Canadian winter travelers. One of the things that being a snowbird is really predicated on is the ease of movement across the border. This is the next step of sentiment [music] that people are concerned about that political will can seemingly change on a whim. An ease of access across the border shifts because of a change brought about by a government administration. She said there are countries all over the world looking to attract people to come and stay for winter seasons and they regoing to look even more attractive when an established destination like the southern part of the US is no longer somewhere. Americans and many Canadians feel comfortable going. Cleette the Fort Lauderdale rental business owner disagrees. As it gets cold and those real snowbirds starts to fly this way, others will follow. Florida is safe and clean. There's plenty [music] to do. You don't have to be afraid of the water you're drinking. You don't need special vaccines. Florida is just the best place for them. They will come back and we'll be

  Top Comments:
  1. @JA-sb4go [1 likes]: No, we aren’t coming back
  2. @DeanVaillancourt-y8t [1 likes]: wow who thought fascism was bad for tourism , USA is not a safe place too visit, ICE gestapo running around shooting people or putting them in concentration camps , crazy violent Maga Morons carrying guns USA is a tire fire of a country
  3. @terrythornton39 [1 likes]: How about the fact your president has threatened our sovereignty?  Not really a great selling point… we want to destroy your economy so we can take over your country but in the meantime please come spend your $$$$ in our country….and btw whether you voted for him or not is irrelevant.  He is still YOUR president. You may have more tourist traps than we do but what we have that you don’t is where ever you go in this country you won’t see ICE agents pepper spraying babies, attacking the vulnerable or handcuffing children.  Not to mention the risk of being caught in the middle of a mass shooting is negligible.  Our country is stunningly beautiful and it’s a shame it took a threat from your country for us Canadians to truly appreciate it.
  4. @gregmchale5011 [1 likes]: great news, keep up Canadians no motor American naything, products, travel, weapons or services
  5. @forfreedom69 [1 likes]: We've been going to Arizona for the past 8 years for the winter months. Now, because of the bullying and the tarrifs Trump implemented, not anymore. Mexico, here we come. All Trump did was piss off his close neighbors who have been supporting tourism in America for many years. Florida, Arizona, and Texas have relied on Canadian visitors over the winter months to support their economy.
  6. @terrythornton39: I am willing to bet the “Canadians” aka maple MAGA are the ones who have no issues crossing the border… do us a favour…. Keep them there, they’re no longer welcome here.

- Canadian snowbirds big part of economy for local businesses but COVID-19 keeping them away: Kind: captions Language: en DOWNTURN AND A LARGER, LONGER LASTING RECESSION. >> CHRISTINA VASQUEZ, LOCAL 10 NEWS. >> WE KNOW THAT EVERY YEAR, AT LEAST STATEWIDE HERE IN FLORIDA, CANADIANS BRING ABOUT $6.5 BILLION TO OUR ECONOMY. THIS YEAR WAS, OF COURSE, DIFFERENT. AND BECAUSE OF THEIR ABSENCE, THE LOSS IS ALREADY BEING FELT. AT THIS PIZZA AND PASTA SHOP, THE TRADITIONAL PIES ARE STILL BEING SERVED UP, BUT WITH FAR FEWER CUSTOMERS AT TABLES THIS YEAR BECAUSE OF THE MANY MISSING CANADIAN SNOW BIRDS. >> FOR US, USUALLY, THAT’S WHAT MAKES OUR BUSINESS. THAT’S 50% OF OUR BUSINESS HERE. THEY COME DOWN FOR THE 3-4 MONTHS AND IT HELPS US OUT, MAKES OUR BUSINESS RUN. WE DON’T KNOW WHAT TO EXPECT THIS YEAR. WE’RE JUST WAITING, FINGERS CROSSED. >> THE U.S.-CANADIAN LAND BORDER HAS BEEN SHUT DOWN SINCE MARCH BECAUSE OF THE PANDEMIC, ISOLATING HUNDREDS AND THOUSANDS OF SNOW BIRDS ON THE INTERNATIONAL SIDE. IT’S WHY WE’VE SEEN VERY FEW CANADIAN LICENSE PLATES ON VEHICLES SO FAR THIS SEASON. BUSINESSES POPULAR WITH FOREIGN TOURISTS REMAIN CLOSED. ALL BECAUSE SNOW BIRDS ARE NOT EVEN ABLE TO TREK SOUTH IN RV’S. >> IN A NORMAL YEAR AT THIS TIME, WE START SEEING OUR FIRST CANADIAN GUESTS COMING IN. >> HOPING IT DOESN’T COME TO THAT. >> I HOPE NOT, I HOPE NOT. >> NEARBY CONDO AND MOBILE HOMES OWNED BY CANADIANS SIT EMPTY. ENTIRE BLOCKS IN SOME CASES GIVING NEIGHBORS A VERY EERIE FEELING. >> IT’S IMPORTANT TO NOTE THAT CANADIANS CAN STILL FLY TO THE U.S. BUT MOST ARE NOT DOING THAT OVER WORRIES AND CONCERNS ABOUT COMING DOWN WITH COVID-19. OUR CASES ARE MUCH HIGHER HERE THAN IN CANADA. AND THERE ARE NOT MANY INSURANCE COMPANIES THAT ARE WILLING TO OFFER HEALTH INSURANCE FOR CANADIANS WHO ARE WILLING TO TRAVEL TO THE U.S. THE LAND BIRTHDAY OR ANNIVERSARY IS EXPECTED TO REOPEN NOVEMBER 21ST. BUT THAT DATE COULD CHANGE

  Top Comments:
  1. @thepursuitofhappiness2126 [1 likes]: Canada wants no part of the US now, especially Covid infested Florida.
  2. @prihaps [1 likes]: Lol
  3. @harrylime8077: Yes indeed, lets obsess ofer foreigners who own homes in our country/state when our citizens cant!
  4. @alexanderbarr9983: It's not just COVID-19. After this election-cult insanity calms down to a dull roar we might just visit again.
  5. @noperfectpeoplellc2624: That couple had to stop Nd kids huh ?

- Changes coming for long-term Canadian snowbirds in AZ | FOX 10 Phoenix: Kind: captions Language: en NEWS AT NINE STARTS NOW. THANKS FOR JOINING US TONIGHT AT 9:00. A BIG CHANGE FOR ROUGHLY A MILLION CANADIANS WHO VISIT ARIZONA EVERY YEAR. NEW REGULATIONS WILL CHANGE THE LEGAL PROCESS FOR SNOWBIRDS WHO LIVE IN OUR STATE FOR MONTHS AT A TIME. FOX TEN'S KENZIE BH JOINS US LIVE IN STUDIO TONIGHT WITH WHAT THIS IS GOING TO LOOK LIKE. KENZIE. YEAH, GUYS. WELL, FOR THE VALLEY FOR THE WINTER MONTHS, ANYONE LOOKING TO SPEND MORE THAN 30 DAYS IN ARIZONA WILL NOW HAVE TO REGISTER WITH THE U.S. GOVERNMENT. SOME FEAR THESE CHANGES COULD IMPACT THE THERE'S GOING TO BE BILLIONS OF DOLLARS IN TOURISM, MONEY THAT WILL DISAPPEAR. BILLIONS OF DOLLARS OF REAL ESTATE PURCHASES THAT WILL DISAPPEAR. HOPEFULLY IT'S NOT A LONG TERM PROBLEM. CANADA TO USA DOES A LOT OF THE BACK END WORK FOR SNOWBIRDS WITH A HUB RIGHT HERE IN ARIZONA, CEO MYLES SYMBOLIC NEW REGISTRATION REQUIREMENTS HAVE SOME CANADIANS WORRIED. I THINK THE FIRST INITIAL SHOCK DID SCARE EVERYBODY. STARTING APRIL 11TH. ANY CANADIANS STAYING LONGER THAN 30 DAYS WILL BE REQUIRED TO FILE REGISTRATION PAPERWORK. THE BIGGEST CHANGE WILL BE TO DRIVERS ENTERING THE COUNTRY, AS AIR TRAVEL ALREADY REQUIRES DOCUMENTATION. >> PEOPLE ARE JUST GOING TO BE FORCED TO MAKE SURE THEY REGISTER NOW. >> A RECENT SURVEY BY CANADA TO USA REVEALED 75% OF CANADIANS THAT TOOK YEARLY TRIPS TO THE VALLEY HAVE DECIDED TO CUT BACK OR CANCEL THEIR TRAVELS ALTOGETHER, THAT COULD HAVE A LONG TERM IMPACT ON THE VALLEY ECONOMY. IF HALF THE PEOPLE START DECIDING NOT TO COME HERE EVERY WINTER, A LOT OF MONEY THAT COULD DISAPPEAR FROM THE ECONOMY IN ARIZONA. THIS COMES AS POLITICAL TENSIONS HAVE RISEN BETWEEN CANADA AND THE U.S, IT'S NOT THE ONLY REASONS CANADIANS ARE SELLING THEIR PROPERTIES IN THE VALLEY. IT'S PARTLY BECAUSE OF THE WEAKER CANADIAN DOLLAR AS WELL. THE COST HAS JUST BECOME TOO EXPENSIVE FOR CANADIANS COMING DOWN. KNOW, WHEN THEY WHEN THEY FIRST STARTED COMING DOWN 10 OR 15 YEARS AGO, THE DOLLAR WAS NEAR PAR. NOW, THE CANADA ARIZONA BUSINESS COUNCIL SAYS THAT CANADIAN SNOWBIRDS AT AN ESTIMATED $1.4 BILLION TO ARIZONA'S ECONOMY EACH YEAR. THIS NEW MANDATE ALSO

  Top Comments:
  1. @BarryWaterlow [1 likes]: Arizonisaurs are excellent at shooting themselves in the foot and the butt.
  2. @amardeepsidhu2871 [1 likes]: Plenty of destinations in Central America Europe Africa and Asia sky is the limit. Cuba could be big beneficiary of all this .
  3. @tghostpipe5472 [1 likes]: You canadians stop whining and complaining. Just sell off the land, houses, rvs, and go somewhere else....please.
  4. @MikeKirsh: You are joking.   This issue cannot be fixed overnight.  Remember millions bought the crap trump spouted.   It’s a cultural thing now, and with your gun laws, vaccine issues, abortion issues…we are NOT on the same page.  The U.S. is heading back to the dark ages and I for one will never step back into the U.S.
  5. @Steve-p4h7w: I have never been finger printed in Canada, And I sure as to hell will not be in the USA!
  6. @NoBodyLikesYou7: STOP COMING TO THE USA AND GO SOMEWHERE ELSE!!!!

REVOKE THEIR VISAS
  7. @theMaryAnneR: Canadians have had it with your disrespectful fool in charge.  We are not coming back  EVER.  Who wants to end up in jail?
  8. @RodneyDouglas-rq7bm: Yes. This is a long term problem. Americans are threatening our sovereignty and no longer wish to be good trading partners. So they will fingerprint us and possibly detain us in jail with no due process as Canadians are not entitled.
  9. @LeniG-123: Filing out paperwork is one thing but fingerprinting??? No thanks
  10. @hausnerr: The real reason is that we Canadians are poor. Really poor compared to Americans. So this whole act is a shared. To save face. Yes for a few it might be so. The majority just can not afford it anymore. We Canadians are so delusional that we will not see this. We keep harping on about free health care as we go broke. 

I have been to Florida this winter and man, what a difference. Good on you all for getting it together.

If we can not rid ourselves of this socialist mindset up here stay as far away from us as possible.
  11. @mimsicle1: It’s not about registering. It’s about the threats to take over Canada. It’s tariffs on Canadian goods.  It’s about job losses in Canada and our friends in the US.  It’s about pushing back against a bully.
  12. @Erick2009909: I love Canadians they are brothers to Americans
  13. @Den-nu6pv: FAFO
  14. @jamesegan1289: There are a myriad number of places around the world to explore.
  15. @10-4-d7d: Canadian liberals have shown who they are.  Close the border.
  16. @appomattoxross6751: Canadians:  "We don't like the U.S. treating us the way we treat U.S. Citizens."
  17. @rolandivankovic1438: America has become an awful country full of grievances and whiners. The right wing lies have destroyed a once great nation now on cusp of fascism
  18. @jamesgray7301: The world is full of magical places and all these people know is Canada and Arizona. Every year the same thing.
  19. @wendymcc314: Might also have something to do with ICE putting chains on Canadian, German and French tourists and keeping them in custody. And most Canadians won't put up with Trump claiming he wants to annex Canada. 90% of Canadians to be exact. The other 10% support Polievre...and hopefully, they will be migrating to the States to join the uneducated Maga.
  20. @2ndhandsteve127: Who cares. Your weak Canadian dollar can stay there.

- Businesses in South Florida brace as Canadian tourism declines: Kind: captions Language: en CBS NEWS, MIAMI. >> YVONNE. THANK YOU. NEW AT SIX. IT'S NO SECRET CANADIAN SNOWBIRDS HAVEN'T BEEN FLOCKING TO SOUTH FLORIDA LATELY. PRESIDENT TRUMP'S IMMIGRATION RULES AND TARIFFS HAVE CAUSED CONTROVERSY IN CANADA. >> CBS NEWS MIAMI'S TED SCOUTEN JOINS US LIVE FROM FORT LAUDERDALE BEACH, WHERE BUSINESSES ARE FEELING THE EMPTY NEST. TED, THE CANADIANS HAVE BEEN COMING DOWN HERE FOR SO MANY YEARS. IT'S STRANGE NOT TO SEE THEM YEAH. >> YOU KNOW, AS A MATTER OF FACT, ELLIOTT AND LAUREN, THE GREATER FORT LAUDERDALE IS EXPECTING UP TO 150,000 FEWER VIEWERS OR FEWER VISITORS FROM CANADA. YOU KNOW, THEY MAKE UP ONE OF THE LARGEST GROUPS OF INTERNATIONAL VISITORS TO SOUTH FLORIDA. BUT WE SPOKE TODAY. WE SPOKE TO THREE DIFFERENT BUSINESSES, ONE OF THEM SAYING THEY'RE SEEING SOME ENCOURAGING SIGNS. DAIRY BELLE AND DANIA BEACH IS A POPULAR HANGOUT FOR CANADIAN SNOWBIRDS. THE QUESTION IS, WILL THEY BE PACKING THE PLACE THIS WINTER? >> A LOT OF THEM WILL NOT COME BECAUSE OF TRUMP. AND WHAT WAS GOING ON WITH CANADA. THEY JUST DON'T WANT TO COME AND SPEND THEIR MONEY HERE. THE COST OF LIVING HERE HAS CHANGED A LOT. EVERYTHING WENT UP. >> THE FAMILY OWNS BELLE FRANCOIS, TELLING US HE'S NOT SURE WHAT TO EXPECT. ACCORDING TO VISIT LAUDERDALE. CANADIAN VISITORS ARE DOWN BY 10 TO 16% SINCE APRIL AND 13.5% FEWER. CANADIANS ARE FLYING IN. THAT COULD TRANSLATE TO AN ECONOMIC LOSS OF UP TO $90 MILLION. >> THE BOTTOM LINE IS WE ALL WANT TO MAKE MORE MONEY, AND WE WERE READY TO SERVE AND AND BE BUSY. BUT THERE'S NOTHING WE CAN DO IF THEY DON'T COME. >> THE ATLANTIC HOTEL ON FORT LAUDERDALE BEACH HAS SEEN THEIR NUMBERS DROP SO MUCH THEY SENT STAFF TO BRAZIL WITH VISIT LAUDERDALE TO DRUM UP MORE BUSINESS. >> WE'RE SEEING A DECLINE IN THE CANADIAN TRAVELER TO OUR HOTEL, SO WE ARE REALLY TRYING TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE TO COME TO FORT LAUDERDALE AND THE BEAUTIFUL BEACHES. >> IN HOLLYWOOD. RICHARDS MOTEL HAD A LOT OF CANCELLATIONS IN THE SPRING AND SUMMER. THE WOMAN ON THE PHONE IS ONE OF THOSE WHO CANCELED. >> SHE SAYS SHE'S BEEN COMING HERE FOR OVER 25 YEARS, WHICH SHE USED TO FEEL FREE. NOW SHE'S SCARED AND SHE NO LONGER FEELS LIKE SHE'S FREE. HERE. >> BUT NOW THE MOTEL OWNER IS FEELING MORE OPTIMISTIC. HE TELLS US BOOKINGS ARE GOING UP. >> RIGHT NOW, WE'RE TAKING ONE GOOD RESERVATION PER DAY. YOU KNOW, LIKE A FEW WEEKS TO A FEW MONTHS. THAT'S WHAT I'M LOOKING FOR. I'M HAPPY WITH THAT. >> AND WE SHOULD HAVE A BETTER IDEA OF WHAT THOSE NUMBERS LOOK LIKE. ONCE TOURIST SEASON. SNOWBIRD SEASON BEGINS IN LATE OCTOBER. LIVE IN

  Top Comments:
  1. @Booze129 [1 likes]: Get what you deserve !
  2. @dude7068: we are and will continue to boycott any US state for the next decade ....
  3. @brodieallard6638: Sold our Phoenix home after Covid Lockdown and rolled our money into Cabo Mexico. I don't need US
  4. @MarcoSbarra-k7p: Some countries in Europe are a much better and cheaper option than the US and much safer!
  5. @adamblack6867: The Canadiens went to Mexico and they are currently being deleted over there
  6. @shahjehan: Oh well 😂😂😂
Canada FIRST ❤
  7. @KylieMarie-s7l: it’s not just the politics.  It’s the police too.  Animals.  Psychopathic and angry.  Mean.  Swear words.  Bullies.  Wrongful arrests and handcuffs and windows smashed on people’s cars who are disabled.  We’d planned to leave anyway.  You don’t want us there.  Suck it up.
  8. @standing0: Haiti is safer.
  9. @keio1965: Florida governor Ron DeSantis is largely to blame, recognize, acknowledge his ignorant, insulting and offensive remarks towards snowbirds. He is oblivious to the damage his obnoxious, arrogant and stupidity that he himself has caused. 🇨🇦
  10. @glenncrosby2070: boo hoo hoo
  11. @Hammer9001: My advice to any of you trying to advertise to Canadians to come back. Your money is better spent running political ads against the GOP, because until they are out of power, and their absurd immigration laws change, it is a non starter.
  12. @wyleecoyotee4252: You get what you voted for
  13. @paulz6491: I’m going to Portugal, a country that’s hasn’t  threatened to make us the 51st state, hasn’t threatened to crush us economically and hasn’t threatened to fingerprint me for staying longer than 30 days. Canadians are voting with their wallets and it’s a big beautiful world with lots of choices that are not America.
  14. @eileenahearn5170: Florida is a financial disaster under Trumps new policies and Desantis poor management.  There are far better options with less political bs, unrepaired hurricane damage, and red tape regarding travel. Trump is totally to blame fkr the economic crash in FL and Vegas.
  15. @JABS991: Whaaaat?

Desantis just SAID florida tourism is UP this year 🎉
  16. @civics1867: Canadian here. Not interested in visiting the US. Not while the orange man, his cabinet of sychophants, and the Republican bootlicker Congress is running the show.
  17. @MichaelJ843: Go Canada, great job!
  18. @AbetterDemocracy1776: This is 2 months old since this aired the in December 2025 the US has seen the most small businesses going bankrupt in the history of the United States
  19. @usernamename2978: Brace?  And how are they going to "brace"?  Switch to embroidery, maybe?
  20. @usernamename2978: This would have made an interesting episode of  The Golden Girls

- Canadian Snowbirds Selling U.S. Properties | Your Morning: Kind: captions Language: en For decades, Canadians have made their way south of the border to escape the cold Canadian winter. But now, some snowbirds are reconsidering their yearly trek stateside. New data shows places like Arizona and Florida are seeing fewer Canadians than previous years. And according to a new Royal Laage survey, 54% of Canadians who own residential property in the US are considering selling within the next 12 months. Alexander Dupont is a Florida realtor who deals with crossber markets. She's our guest this morning. Welcome. >> Good morning. Thank you for having me. >> Listen, in regard to our Canadian snowbirds, what trends are you seeing down in Florida with the real estate market? >> Yes. So, right now this year, um, a lot has been happening. Uh, but I think right now it's still a little early to see what's going to happen because typically your regular snowbird comes here at the end of November. So, um, it's right around the corner, but we'll have to see. Are Canadians truly going to come back at the end of November, December, um, and get ready for the next high season that we're that's right around the corner? >> Well, here's sort of a precursor to that. 62% of Canadians cite concerns with the current US administration as the primary motivation for their decision to either not travel to the US or to not buy south of the border. So for your clients in Florida who are looking to sell, I guess curious, what are the reasons for them wanting to sell or them leaving? Your Canadian clients looking to sell? >> Yes. So it's definitely been a magnitude of different reasons um this year in 2025. Of course politics play a big role into this. Uh but not just that the fact that uh taxes are going up, insurance, condo fees, the exchange rate is not helping of course and also your typical standard reasons such as the wars and illnesses that we've had throughout the years. But this year there's been a lot of focus on politics. >> Yeah, we were just having a conversation. 70 cents on the dollar is where we're sitting right now. 32% of Canadians who have recently sold or who are planning to sell their US property say they intend to reinvest the proceeds into the Canadian housing market. So where else are you hearing people going instead of the United States? >> Yes. So I know a lot of Canadians have been taking the opportunity this summer to travel throughout Canada, get to explore the beautiful country and maybe just take a break from the US just in general, not Florida, but also Arizona, also other states. Uh, but I have a lot of friends, families, and even clients that are telling me that this year, um, they're looking to explore, maybe go to Mexico, Dominican Republic, getting more into cruises. So, it's definitely a mixture, but there's still a huge majority that are still going to see what it's like to come down to Florida. >> Uh, you know, aside from just the real estate portion, there's an entire snowboard economy that depends on Canadians coming year after year, whether it's Arizona or Florida. So, what impact is it is it having on the larger ecosystem? >> Yes. So, it's going to be once again interesting to see what happens in Florida. I think my main concern is more cities that are very Canadian driven um high on tourism such as Dana Beach, Hollywood, Hollandale to see what is going to happen in the next two months. Um because a lot of Canadians used to love going to Hollywood to the Bor Rock support all the local restaurants, bars. So, it's going to be interesting. And of course, there is a surplus in the condo market. So, it doesn't help when you're a local US seller that's trying to sell you a condo and you see that there's 50 Canadians around you trying to do the same thing. So, we'll have to see what happens shortly. >> You know, as you mentioned, the peak of snowboard season is still yet to come, end of November, but if you're looking ahead, Alexandra, what's your biggest concern? >> My biggest concern, I think, we're all hoping it's just temporary. Uh because at the end of the day, I am optimistic. I know Canadians love to come to South Florida. It's been it's been a thing for decades. Um so right now we just hope that it's it goes away maybe this season, next season. That's just short term and Canadians do love to come into Florida. They do feel safe here. It is accessible. You can drive here, spend four, five, six months. So we're trying to be optimistic. Alexander Dupont, broker at DuPont International Realy down in Florida. Thanks for joining us this morning. >> Thank you. If you like that video, make sure to subscribe to the Your Morning YouTube feed, where you can find all kinds of new content posted every weekday morning.

  Top Comments:
  1. @wasupfool5692 [2 likes]: Trumps rhetoric has sickened Canadians. We will spend our money elsewhere.
  2. @sarahfridriksson4206 [2 likes]: It is not the exchange rate it's the disrespect, 51st state BS.  It is Donald Trump's Anti-Canadian lies
  3. @tigmig666 [1 likes]: central and south america is less dangerous(depending on were you go )  then america and cost 1/4 to live in , you can rent a conf place for 400$ / month and eat for 10 $ per day on local stuff
  4. @stevefecteau7997 [1 likes]: The exchange is to high and if people leave their place that they worked for because of one person is crazy
  5. @radio_nowhere [1 likes]: Not enough disposable income. Probably shifting to lower cost areas. Most Canadians would give an arm and a leg to move to the States (these days).
  6. @AC-tn1cy: More global threats and takeovers of other countries in recent news events is telling us Canadians its time to spend our hard earned money elsewhere.
Canadians will vacation in Canada in summer and go elsewhere in the winter where the get more bang for their dollar.
Canadians no longer feel safe with the 51st state crazy talk, and with recent global events in the news.
Tariffs and food prices skyrocketing, 
border crossing scares, are forcing Canadians to vacation where their dollar is worth more.
Canadians inject millions of dollars into the U.S. every year and boost the economy so if you are wanting Canadians to leave you better be careful what you wish for.
Everything from grocery stores, hardware stores, restaurants, gas stations, construction contractors, food trucks, entertainment venues, pharmacies, will be affected by decrease of money into the economy.
I know of 10 couples who have sold or are currently selling their vacation homes who will not be spending their hard earned money and contrary to popular belief, most are not rich, they just were smart with their savings and retirement income to come spend it in the u.s. - but not anymore. 
All will not return to the states until after the next presidential election at the earliest, if they ever do.
  7. @kevinmcgregor808: The last of the snowbirds are selling their Southern nests.
  8. @TThfsahjkiuyg: Canadian pesos  😂😂😂
  9. @kerohime: zero sympathy for snowbirds. Stay in the states if you love it so much.

- Snowbirds selling their Florida homes: Kind: captions Language: en Well, two for sale signs south of the border now in what is increasingly becoming a trend amid growing political tensions and economic uncertainty. Some Canadian snowbirds are packing up and saying goodbye to their US homes for good. CTV's Caitlyn Wilson joins us live now with more on this. Caitlyn, Patricia Mike Dunlop and his wife are longtime snowbirds and among a growing number of Canadians choosing to leave the United States behind. And they aren't alone. Real estate agents say they're also seeing an uptick in listings as Canadians look for new places to spend the winter. Right about right there. Right here. Yeah. This Canadian flag isn't just a symbol of home for Mike Dunlop and his wife. It's a message to the one they leave behind. They don't understand the visceral impact the punch in the stomach um Canadians feel. For years, these snowbirds escaped the winter at their Florida home in Cape Canaveral. But with a weakening Canadian dollar and President Donald Trump's escalating trade war, they're packing up for good. We didn't think things would get any worse. There are some people who say, "We're very sorry and we apologize." And at the other extreme, there are a small number, but too many, who say, "You deserve what you're getting." So, they decided to list their townhouse three weeks ago, and they aren't alone. This Florida realtor says she's juggling twice her typical workload. Especially in 2025, a lot of Canadians are selling. This is definitely the busiest I've ever been. I've never had this many listings. Typically on the high season, I would have maybe 10 to 12 clients, which means like listings. Uh right now, I'm definitely up in my 30some. The Dunlops are among an estimated 1 million Canadians who flock south for the winter. fueling the US housing market with Canadians topping the list of foreign buyers in 2024, snapping up 13% of homes, mostly in Arizona and Florida, according to the National Association of Realtors. I think right now the biggest question is what's going to happen next season. Snowbird Adviser says while many Canadians still traveled south and stayed for the winter, a perfect storm of politics, economics, and new rules requiring Canadians to register if they stay in the US for more than 30 days could have lasting impacts. What we're seeing on our side is there is still strong interest in snowbirds looking to go to the US next winter, but there's also strong interest in snowbirds looking at alternate destinations. As for the Dunlops, they're just happy to be home after saying goodbye to their American friends. It was very sad because those people weren't saying goodbye to snowbirds who'll be back next year. They were saying goodbye because we probably won't see them again in our lives. And DuPont says there is a surplus of inventory at the moment, meaning homes in Florida are taking much longer to sell, averaging four to five months. So Dunlop says they will have to wait and see what happens. Patricia, lots of question marks. All right, CTV's Caitlyn Wilson live for us tonight.

  Top Comments:
  1. @CalebMartin2U [3 likes]: I bought a house  in 2021. The insurance and property taxes have doubled since then, and now costs more than I ever paid in rent in my life. I feel that I would be better off living in a studio apartment in a warehouse again and investing the money in anything else.
  2. @MoonChild-oq5hf [2 likes]: Worst President ever . Florida $3,500 for Insurance a month. Hurricanes and Floods .  😂😂
  3. @tao265 [1 likes]: Awesome! I’ll buy them!
  4. @DaveLorenz-b1o [1 likes]: Don’t let the door hit you in the back.  Bye bye!  😂
  5. @CHUCKBALLERSATOSHILOUNGE2026: bought a nice beach front in balize
  6. @cyndif3962: WHY WOULD ANYONE WANT TO PURCHASE A HOME IN FLORIDA?? EXPERTS ALREADY SAY THAT FLORIDA WILL BE PARTIALLY UNDERWATER....UNDERWATER WITHIN 25 YEARS....AND WILL BE COMPLETELY UNDERWATER WITHIN 75 YEARS!!! HELLO??!! DUE TO RISING SEA LEVELS!! NO THANKS!!!
  7. @ehmxur: If one digs deeper it has been reported that Canadians having been selling their properties off , going back a few years already. The factors were not Trump but economics. However even with  Canadians not coming Florida tourism has increased by 8.3 percent this year. Remote working has allowed northern states residents to fill  in those snow bird gaps and they are flocking to the sunshine states , especially Florida
  8. @harleyshoffner2086: The USA might seem rude about wanting Canada to join them but technically it's a compliment that they want them to become a part of them.
  9. @FloatingThroughTheRealm: Sad.
  10. @rickyshepard9342: Enjoy the cold
  11. @lamardurden8460: It is illegal for a foreigner to buy a house in Canada. Go home and see if you are missed. Enjoy your winter and the cost to warm your home.
  12. @Greg_House123: Screw Canada!
  13. @JSciolino-jk3tq: Screw Florida, their ignorant governor and their attitude. They don’t need Canadians or immigrants? Let’s just wait for the “find out” part of the equation.
  14. @JanetMight-cr2rh: This is great news for Floridans, I'm sure !!!!😂😂😂
  15. @Diverdan77: He looks like a snowbird.😄
  16. @bobcaygeon975: The mobsters from Nova Scotia consider Pompano and Lauderdale the French Riviera. They are known cheapskates for tipping.
  17. @indygothicsociety9716: 😂😂😂😂
  18. @lorettanericcio-bohlman567: Climate change will chase out more
  19. @mariadavis3797: Real reason they’re selling is the weakness of the CAD$. They will make a fortune in the exchange. Trump is inconsequential in their decision making.
  20. @lyndaferguson816: Snowbird to Mexico

- "Go home, Canadian!": Snowbird couple parting ways with US amid political climate: Kind: captions Language: en as the snow begins to melt and the days get longer many Canadians wintering in the US are making plans to come home for Mike and Maryann jeffes it's going to be a one-way ticket after they say what seemed like joking banter about Canada becoming the 51st state has morphed into visceral tensions between neighbors the language that's being touted around politically here is is somewhat frightening not just as Canadians but for what you see happening in the community that you've come to love while they say some of their American friends are supportive of Canadians and apologetic about what's going on it's getting harder and harder to ignore we had an incident here where we had a Canadian friend of ours who was attending one of the classes that we hold in our cat house and somebody yelled out go home Canadian because of the protecting the American people from Invasion order that President Donald Trump signed in late January the Jeff will now be required to register with the American government if they state in the country for more than a month that new legislation is expected to come into effect in mid April the package that it was set in and and the language that was being used where we're talking about invasion of their country and aliens in their country that you know that kind of language leads to a a a mindset that says that it's okay to behave in a certain way against those people Jeffrey says this has all contributed to their decision not to return after they leave at the end of March ending a 15-year tradition of coming each winter to Florida it remains to be seen whether the estimated 1 million snowbirds in the US will follow suit suzan po Global News monton

  Top Comments:
  1. @JG-tt4sz [2 likes]: Now we know who drove up the prices here in Florida.
  2. @Caareenkm6726 [2 likes]: Stop! Not all Americans treat Canadians bad. If fact 95% Americans are great about Canadians and vice versa!
  3. @brianheaslip6404 [1 likes]: Been in Florida for many winters now . See no difference in the way we are treated by others . Can’t wait to return in October . We have many American friends who treat us as they always have. Unfortunately all the negativity I hear is from people who never visit America anyway. Our community in Florida has about a dozen Canadian couples that I happen to know and I have heard of none of them not returning.
  4. @ralphsmith1782 [1 likes]: All of which could have been avoided if the communist government in Canada had secued their borders from illegal invaders and reduced the ridiculous tarifs they imposed on US imports.
  5. @annecohen8927: No. It should be Trump that’s the one who should be going home.
  6. @erich84502b: I farted in Forida
  7. @WhatzUp-iy9pt: The USA has a new best friend, Israel and they buy a lot of US military goods and US politicians with that 4 billion dollars the USA sends to Israel each and every year.  Israel is the largest recipient of US foreign aid and the Israelis Prime MInister could run for POTUS as he gets a standing ovation from both sides of the house and congress as though he were a HERO or Rock God.
  8. @guyl9456: I can't believe some Canadians are treasonous to spend their vacation in the US. I sure canceled my Florida vacation and went to Latin America instead. Best decision in my life. Canadians welcome, English and French spoken, safe environment,  top notch equipment (resort with 21 restaurants and 14 swimming pools), Canadian $$ accepted nearly everywhere, not cheap but reasonably priced. FAST customs. Some idiots will never get it right. Leave the US it urges.
  9. @staintly3300: I am never going back to the US.
  10. @HarleyMann-m6p: I am an Albertan thinking of moving to Florida.  I completely reject Canada and would be happy to renounce citizenship, at least socially.
  11. @lindacardinal6521: Lots of Canadians are not going back to U.S. many of them will be going elsewhere. The U.S. is going to suffer a lower economy. You reap what you sow.
  12. @Michael-hv3kg: Same happened to us in Bradenton. We thinking of not returning.
  13. @TC-ok4ng: we will never go back there, nobody in our family has any plans of going back there.
  14. @klausschraud7303: Canadians will take there dollars elsewhere, American politics is getting out of control don’t want to feel like a criminal bye bye
  15. @MarkSchnabel-q7e: Thanks for coming, good bye
  16. @kimward5513: They are being babies - this is anti Trump rhetoric
  17. @rodcoulter997: Any Country that elected Trudeau ain’t welcome in the US anymore.  Keep your LeftLiberalism north of the border.
  18. @Daytripn9: Perhaps Canada shouldn't have booed the US
  19. @yournanna866: i’m so proud of Canadians ❤❤❤
  20. @rbostrom: Sadly we could not go to Canada and stay for the summer. But we don't talk about that

- More Canadian snowbirds decide wintering in the U.S. over economic tensions: Kind: captions Language: en It seems more Canadian snowbirds are deciding to fly elsewhere this winter to avoid the US as their vacation destination. >> number of Canadians crossing the border has been steadily dropping and a new survey finds the trend is likely to continue well into next year. Here's Pat Foran and Consumer Alert, Pat. Well, thanks Nathan and Michelle. Next month many retired Canadians would normally be packing their suitcases to head to Florida, Arizona and other sunny US destinations, but a new survey shows a massive drop in snowbirds planning to cross the border choosing other hotspots instead. More Canadians are turning their backs on travel to the US deciding to either stay home or choose sunny destinations somewhere else. A survey by the Travel Health Insurance Association of Canada found that only 26% are likely to go to the US. That's a 37% drop from last year. The survey found of those 61 years of age and older only 10% are likely to go to the US. That's a 66% drop from the year before. We've certainly seen a move by some to get away from maybe ownership or long-term rentals in the US in favor of other southern climates. The survey found Canadians are concerned about rising travel costs, political tensions, exchange rates and safety. The shift comes at a time when the US is introducing new entry requirements which mean Canadians staying for longer than 30 days need to register and provide their fingerprints, be photographed and pay a $30 fee. Having your photo taken and your your fingerprints done feels really weird and wrong to us, but the reality is is many countries all over the world have already been doing this for the last decade. Travel expert Barry Choi says while travel to the US is down, he believes many families will continue to go to US attractions, but keep a lower profile and not post on social media. He says snowbirds who don't own property in the US will also find it hard to stay away. If someone's a snowbird and they own a vacation home in in Florida or Arizona, of course they're going to go. Canadians avoiding the states are also planning to spend winter months in Europe including Portugal and Spain. Trips to Mexico and the Caribbean will also depend on the weather and the cost of travel. If American destinations cut prices, it may be enough for some to reconsider a US trip. If some of the US destinations start to go on sale, maybe that easy trip over the border still prevails. And wherever you go, if you leave Canada, you're advised to get travel insurance in case of a medical emergency or unexpected health issue. When you're out of the country, both are not covered under Canadian health plans. On your side, I'm Pat Foran. If you have a consumer story idea, email us at alert@ctv.ca.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LunaticThinker: Economic tensions lmao? Give me a break.
  2. @jerryodonoghue8624: STAY AWAY FROM THIS DISPICABLE PLACE. THAT IS THE SOLUTION.
  3. @AmanSS890: The title is wrong no Canadian noun of my friends and family are going to the USA anytime soon. Would rather go visit the different provinces instead .
  4. @doihavetohaveachannel8289: No, the ones who own homes are going down to prepare to sell.
  5. @doihavetohaveachannel8289: It is not the costs.
  6. @suzanneparadis7182: Vous n’avez rien compris 😂  Corrigez le titre !
  7. @grinderthree226: So nice not to have to deal with as many Canadians this year.😮
  8. @JimwombatLand: GO TO CUBA ...
  9. @CBBC435: They can't afford it anymore.
  10. @jeffTM59: Americans Thank You
  11. @robertrenaud958: The most boring story ever.  There must be something else happening in Canada.
  12. @LiquorandCheeseburgers: So, opposite of your title.
  13. @Mark-y5m2c: Goo stay home
  14. @alicepooper8562: A co workers parents are in Arizona selling there winter home
  15. @chuckzamzow: ICE, ICE BABY!
  16. @need2bereading: Decide against, I believe was meat to be the headline.
  17. @thomasjacques5286: Cuba has great beaches.
  18. @markanthony3275: Pretty soon they will never be able to afford to go to America anyways, but at least our dollar will be on par with the peso.
  19. @nwobob: Yes other countries have been getting biometric data for years. But they don't have unmarked masked ice agents with automatic weapons roaming the streets throwing anyone they choose randomly into an unmarked vehicles and holding them unlocked facilities without due process.
  20. @RomeoUrsu-fy9qo: Going in Spain …yeah…they love foreigners too….locals can’t find a place to rent😂😂😂😂😂😂
And Euro is very expensive

- Travel Alternatives for Snowbirds | Your Morning: Kind: captions Language: en between Canada and the US as many Canadian snowbirds reconsidering their travel PL so if you are someone who heads South of the Border what does the future look like and if you're now considering non- us options where do you start here to answer those questions and More Travel journalist Lauren Christie is with us in studio good to have you here so you were just in Arizona that is a hot spot for Canadians as we know snowbirds like to head there so when all of this tariff talk started I mean you were there what were you hearing from people well it's very interesting so I was in Scottsdale specifically and you know I'm there for a few days vacation and it's golf courses and pickle ball and arts and culture and food and Cuisine and all that stuff that you would expect on a nice warm vacation but when you started talk to the community that's when you started to feel the anxiety and so from the community I mean there's The Americans on the one side so whether it was the Uber driver the restaurant server the museum guide every single one of them when they learned I was Canadian said to me thank you so much for coming we're so sorry about this we do not want this because they understand like number one visitors to intern visitors to Scottsdale are Canadians and they get that then on the flip side well not the flip side but also I was talking to you know Canadians there I had dinner with snowboard friends who are down there they've been going for eight years and they were feeling anxiety from all the social media pressure to not go to the States but again they're there with their community and their point was you know we spend our money down here sure but we got down here on a Canadian Airline we're renting our house for four months from a Canadian couple in Calgary Canadian insurance so it's not as clear-cut on those lines whether where the money goes or stays it's tough it is it really is tough it's a tough time right now I want to break down some numbers if we could because the US Travel Association has released some pretty staggering numbers here they are the association says there could be a 10% reduction in Canadian travel to the us as a result of all of this tension that's happening that could mean you see it on your screen a loss of potentially $2.1 billion dollar in spending and about 14,000 jobs lost so what do you think the economic impact is going to look like it is going to look massive I mean that's just an estimation as you said we're the number one international market not just for Scottsdale or Arizona but for all of the US there's 20.4 million Canadians went 20 2024 that's 20.5 billion so if this continues I mean there's snowbirds but there's also regular vacationers and business Travelers like it could have a wide- ranging effect depending on how serious this becomes yeah and the word boycott is being thrown around a lot uh from people saying they don't want to travel to the US they're going to do this travel boycott what do you think of that move I I really grapple with this this this Trump supporters their talk and their tariffs it feels like a personal attack on all of us and so I think people are hurt and they want to push back the issue I have with or the other side that I see is that travel is not a product travel one of the best things about travel is the relationships you make the friendships and and the connections you make with people and understanding when you go to other countries so when you're talking to people who are in these communities what's going to happen is they're going to become isolated and create divisions which is the opposite of what travel does and it's exactly what Trump wants to happen so I have a problem with that that it hurts me a little bit and as a member of the 2s lgbtqi plus Community you know as a gay man we've dealt with this for years there's a lot of places where it's illegal to be meet so I have conversations with people about whether we should be going or not going and you know some people do they do boycott and other people feel like if I'm not there to have the conversation and create the relationship change won't happen oh that's interesting yeah and so there are two sides and I guess my main message or my main feeling is is that both sides are right so don't shame each other for making different decisions right personal choices let's talk about alternate destinations and for those that are saying you know what maybe for right now at least I want to go somewhere else other than the US I want to go south but somewhere else where would you recommend you know Mexico is a great spot it's the number two choice for Canadian snowbirds right now um it can be a little unsafe in certain areas but other places are great my mother-in-law spends three and a half months down there every year loves it Costa Rica is really popular it's popular hey it's called the Switzerland of the Americas and particularly the northwest coast Canadian's been going there for years it's affordable it's it's got a lot of things that you want in terms of you know safety and accessibility and all that stuff that are important for snowbirds Panama's growing the only issue with Panama it's a great spot I've been before the only issue with Panama there their their supply hasn't quite caught up with the demand so they're a little short on accommodations for long-term rentals um Cuba has traditionally been also an interesting spot but they're struggling a little bit with shortages in terms of even food to electrical so do your research on that one uh and then the other one I think is very interesting is Portugal you know in Europe you know it's one of the more affordable destinations it's mild down on the Algarve Coast um and people really like and they have lots of accommodation options there I love these options Lauren chrisy always great to see you thanks so much happy travels if you liked that video make sure to subscribe to the your morning YouTube feed where you can find all kinds of new content posted every weekday morning

  Top Comments:
  1. @marshafranklin [1 likes]: What he was saying about snow birds having conversations with Americans about what is going on,  I think is not happening to a great degree.  I have been going down for the last couple of years to florida, and Canadians avoid the topic like the plague.  They are afraid of their neighbour who may have a gun and are  pissed off with what is said.   Unless you know who you are talking to and are incredibly diplomatic... important topics may not get started
  2. @johnmarshall5075: Fake narrative CTV
  3. @Razorbat777: Nobody cares about cry babies.  I am Canadian and I still winter in the USA.  I have zero issues with it.  I have zero problems presented to me when doing it.  I follow the rules, I cross the border with no issues and have zero complaints.  I love Donald Trump.  He is doing wonders things for his country.  Canada has a weak government, that is the only problem.
  4. @darrylb4048: BC is seeing a surge in Canadians from its east coming to BC for the winter months.
  5. @Interdimensionaltravelagent: This is just a part of the affect of these tariffs that are going to created change in our economy.
  6. @vincewhite5087: Most Canadians I know did not like Cuba, Mexico.Europe or explore Canada.
  7. @vincewhite5087: Much more reduction now.
  8. @vincewhite5087: Met lots of Canadian snow birds that go to Arizona, they are cancelling & most are selling.
  9. @TheEstevenw: Where do you go when you have to take a dog? Air Canada does not have flights to take dogs. West Jet has stopped most eastern Canadian flights. Driving to Mexico is a bit much.
  10. @somethingwitty100: Japan is a incredibly clean, beautiful and easily traversed country with an amazing street food culture.  Not speaking Japanese is barely an issue, many people know enough english that you can get by or there are translation apps.
  11. @gregblair5139: If this is not resolved by next year, it will be worse.  A lot of Canadians might not leave early or cancel existing plans, but I don't think that they'll plan US vacations next year.
  12. @paulrussel3334: Turks and caico
  13. @janetlowe6448: I don’t believe in putting pressure on others to not travel in the US
  14. @janetlowe6448: Cancelled my Florida trip
  15. @janetlowe6448: Tenerife is a nice option
  16. @fortythreenorth2518: Travel to Cuba is supporting a rogue regime. There's plenty of other lovely islands nearby to visit.
  17. @bewansaun4695: What about Dominican Republic!! Welcoming & cheap!
  18. @mrsvoyage: All this country buy nothing from canada and dont visit us american yes
  19. @mainers9618: Go anywhere but the US.
  20. @debbiemaclagan4615: No, not really two sides when one side declares they are going to take your country over. You aren’t helping Canadians by going to the USA right now. Sorry, love American people but not happy when the president talks about a take over of our country. Boycott states while this president in office. 🇨🇦

- Financial Tips For Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en WILL, IT IS THAT TIME OF THE YEAR WHEN SNOWBIRDS START HEADING SOUTH. BRUCE JOINS US THIS MORNING. IT IS GREAT TO GET AWAY FOR THE WINTER BUT YOU HAVE TO THINK ABOUT A LOT OF STUFF FOR YOU PACK. YOU REALLY DO. IT IS GOING TO GET COLD AND THIS IS THE TIME OF YEAR THAT PEOPLE START THINKING ABOUT GOING BUT IT IS NOT EVEN THE LONG TERM. SOME PEOPLE WATCHING ARE SAYING, I CAN'T AFFORD A SECOND HOME BUT EVEN IF YOU TAKE A VACATION AND YOU ARE GONE FOR A WEEK OR DAYS, THERE ARE STILL CERTAIN THINGS YOU SHOULD DO. YOUR HOME, AS AN EXAMPLE -- YOU NEED TO GET YOUR NEIGHBORHOOD KID OR SOMEBODY TO SHOVEL WHILE YOU ARE GONE WHEN IT SNOWS BECAUSE NOTHING TELLS THE BAD GUY LIKE DEEP SNOW. NOBODY'S HOME. SO, SOMEONE GETS IDEAS SEEING THE HOUSE UNOCCUPIED SO THERE ARE CERTAIN THINGS YOU CAN DO TO MAKE IT LOOK LIKE YOU ARE STILL HOME WHEN YOU ARE NOT. A LITTLE LIGHT IN THE FRONT WINDOW . AND A LOT OF THESE THINGS ARE NOT EXPENSIVE. NEIGHBORHOOD KIDS ARE LOOKING FOR EXTRA MONEY. SET IT UP. 10 BUCKS GOES A LONG WAY . SPEAKING OF YOUR FINANCES, YOU WANT TO BE ABLE TO ACCESS THAT STUFF WHEN YOU ARE OUT OF TOWN. WHAT A LOT OF PEOPLE DO AND I AM NOT ONE OF THEM -- YOU PUT YOUR BILLS AND ALL OF THIS STUFF ON AUTO PAY SO YOU DON'T HAVE TO WORRY ABOUT IT. I TEND TO DO A LOT OF THE THINGS OLD-FASHIONED. IF YOU ARE LIKE ME AND DON'T UNDERSTAND THE TECHNOLOGY AND DON'T HAVE IT SET UP, MAKE SURE TO KNOW THE DUE DATES OF THOSE BILLS AND BE PROACTIVE. NOTHING WORSE THAN BEING ON VACATION AND FINDING OUT THAT YOU FORGOT TO PAY YOUR VISA BILL AND IT IS WAY PAST DUE. THAT WILL AFFECT YOUR CREDIT RATING AND IT COULD AFFECT YOUR INTEREST RATE. STAY ON TOP OF YOUR FINANCIAL STUFF EITHER TECHNOLOGICALLY OR CHECK YOUR LIST, LIKE ME. IF YOU ARE A SNOWBIRD, YOU NEED TO BE CAREFUL ABOUT WHICH STATE YOU RESIDE IN. I KNOW THE STATE OF ARIZONA IS CRACKING DOWN ON THOSE WHO CLAIM TO LIVE IN ARIZONA. SOME PEOPLE WHO ARE SNOWBIRDS TRY TO REESTABLISH RESIDENCY IN ANOTHER STATE WHERE THERE IS NO STATE INCOME TAX AND YOU CAN DO THAT BUT IT IS NOT AS EASY AS PEOPLE THINK IT IS. THERE'S A LOT OF THINGS YOU HAVE TO DO TO ESTABLISH RESIDENCY AND THE STATE OF ARIZONA WILL TAKE A POSITION OF I DON'T CARE WHERE YOU ARE AT NOW, WHERE YOU MADE YOUR MONEY IS MINNESOTA AND WE ARE STILL ENTITLED TO THE TAXES ON THAT MONEY THAT YOU MADE SO IT GETS REALLY TRICKY. BRUCE, THANK YOU . WE ARE HAPPY FOR YOU IF YOU ARE GOING SOUTH. GOOD FOR YOU. SEND ME PICTURES. YOU CAN SEE BRUCE MIDMORNING EVERY TUESDAY. FROM SUNDAY MORNINGS UNTIL 8:30 UNTIL 9:30. CALL US AT 888 6-

- Medicare for Snowbirds  (and RV travel): Kind: captions Language: en Hi, I am Matthew Claassen with MedigapSeminars.org in this video we're gonna go over all you need to know about Medicare for Snowbirds, for RV'ers, as well as for people who are on Medicare and expecting to move to a different state. MedigapSeminars.org; An Independent Insurance Broker Specializing in Medicare. Are you a Snowbird; a person who has homes in more than one state and tends to move south to a warmer climate in the winter? Or perhaps you're in RV'er in a motor home and like to travel all over the country. Or you're simply a person on Medicare and expect to move. You want to know how that's going to impact your Medicare what decisions you have to make. If so, then you should have questions about how being a Snowbird or an RV'er or moving impacts your Medicare. What kind of decisions you need to make and what your Medicare rights are. That is what we will discuss in this video, and we are going to approach it sort of a frequently asked questions (FAQ) format. We handle Medicare questions and we handle Medicare for people literally coast-to-coast, from California to Virginian, and from Michigan to Miami. We are based in South Florida and because of that we tend to get a lot of questions from Florida Snowbirds or people moving down south, and it has become an area of expertise. The first question we tend to get, a fairly simple one; "what is the right Medicare plan for a person who's in multiple states during the year?" The answer to that question isn't so much what is the right plan as it is what is the wrong plan. When you sign up for Medicare, once you've enrolled, you get a red white and blue card that shows you have Medicare ... Medicare Part A and Medicare Part B. That is called "Original Medicare". That original Medicare, along with any supplement that you get with that, is good in every state. You can go to any doctor, any medical facility as long as they accept Medicare, anywhere in the country. You don't need to have a Physician give you permission to see a specialist. You have complete control over your Medicare. The other route you can take is enrolling in a Medicare Advantage plan. Medicare Advantage plans are typically HMO's and PPO's. There are some other types, but most are HMO's and PPO's. That's local coverage! That tends to be just you county, or just the counties surrounding your area year. If you've chosen an HMO, then you have no coverage, outside of emergency services, outside of your network. None whatsoever. You've lost your right to have insurance outside of your network. If you have a PPO, then you will have coverage outside of your network, but it will be at a higher cost. With the PPO you can see a doctor either in network, or out of network. In network, which tends to be your local area, you will have copays and deductibles and a maximum annual out of pocket expense of no more than $6700 a year (for 2017). If you go out of network it's gonna cost you more. It will cost you higher copays or higher deductibles, and your maximum annual out-of-pocket can be as high as $10,000 per year. There are regional PPO's that can offer some extended in-network coverage out-of-state, but that's beyond the scope of this particular video. The bottom line is that if you are a Snowbird or you're in RV'er, you want to avoid the Medicare Advantage plans. They don't typically satisfy your needs because you have multiple states with which you might want to have health insurance coverage. They will come back and say; but we have emergency services outside of our network anywhere in the country. Very true, but you have to read the fine print on an emergency service. Often times an emergency service is defined as simply stabilizing you until your life is no longer threatened. A perfect example is someone's traveling out of state and gets in an automobile accident and is in traction with almost everything broken. Emergency service is making sure that you're alive and stable. After that you have to get yourself back to your service area for coverage. You have to get back in-network. Otherwise it is out-of-network coverage and that can be very, very expensive. If you're a Snowbird or RV'er you would want to avoid Medicare Advantage plans. If however you find that the Medicare supplements are simply too expensive for you, or the average Medicare supplement, then you might want to consider something called Medicare Supplement Plan F - high deductible. Or, as will be introduced in 2020, the Plan G- high deductible. These are not as high of coverage as you would get with the Plan F or Plan G or Plan N or any of the other more popular supplements, but you still have the freedom to go to any doctor in any state and any medical facility that accepts Medicare. Your cost is typically under $100 a month and, depending on where you live, it could actually be as low as $50.00 a month or even lower, I should say. So, you can check on that. We actually have an entire video on Medicare Plan F - high deductible. You might want to look at it if you're in that situation. But I would only suggest it if your finances really dictate that decision. The next most common question we get is; Which state do I use for as resident? I spent eight months in Pennsylvania and only four months in Florida. Does that make Pennsylvania my residence state? Or I spend six months and one and six months in the other. Well, the answer is that on all of these contracts, on all insurance contracts it says you put your permanent address. The definition of "permanent address" is actually written into the Social Security law. That's where Medicare laws are written, in with Social Security. Your "permanent address" is where you vote and pay taxes. It should also be the same address you have on record at Social Security. It doesn't matter if you spend only two months in Florida. If Florida it is your permanent address, that's where you have to buy your insurance policies from. This includes your prescription drug Part D, your supplement, or anything else Medicare related. It doesn't matter how much time. It matters where you vote and where you pay your taxes. Of course we also get then; what if I, you know, cheat a little? Well, this a contract. On a contract you have to write down the information and sign your name. If you're untruthful on a contract, then like any other contract, it could be voided. Insurance companies are not going to check your residence state when you sign up, apply and get accepted. But they have written into every single one of these policies that they have the right to check if something happens. So if you have a medical event, you're in the hospital the insurance company is looking at hundreds of thousands of dollars in costs, they have the right to check to make sure that everything is true on your application. If they find it wasn't truthful, they have the right to void the contract. That is a decision that can be made, and of course it would be made when you are an absolute worst circumstances. I look at insurance is it's, it's... what we use to mitigate financial risks. Well if you're not truthful on the application then you're not mitigating financial risk. You're just changing it from one scenario to another. That's not a wise decision. The next question would be; what if you have Medicare and you decide to move? You decide to change your permanent resident address. What happens? Well, first off if you have a Medicare supplement, that is good in every single state. It's good every where you go. You do not need to do anything. If you have a Medicare supplement and there's the exact same supplement, offer by the exact same company in a different state then ... that company has the right to raise your price if it's a higher price in that state. You have the right to ask for a lower price if the supplement is a lower price in that state. The prices in every state are different. If you have questions on that, contact us will be able to give you some more specific information. But keep in mind a lot of these companies have one subsidiary working in one state another subsidiary working in another. Those are not the same policies. policies. If they don't have the same policy, they can't do anything with the price. Let's say you have your prescription drug Part D plan, or you happen to have a Medicare Advantage plan. Then what will you do? Well first off, when you're going to move, when you know you're going to move you need to notify your prescription drug plan or your Medicare Advantage plan company. Typically do so 30-days before the month that you're going to move. So, the month before the month you're going to move. Call them up, tell them you're going to move out of their service area. Our new residence is going to be such and such. They will send you a letter. In that letter they're going to say "you're moving out of our service area so we can no longer cover you." It is called a disenrollment letter. That's your free pass. With the disenrollment letter, once you've moved or even as you're planning to move you can then get a new prescription drug plan or new Medicare Advantage plan for the location that you've moved to. You don't have to wait for a annual enrollment , you don't have to wait for anything. It is a special enrollment period for you. You simply apply to the insurance company for a new plan. They will want to see typically the disenrollment letter. That's what gives you the right to get the new plan. No one can deny you coverage. You will simply have a new plan with the new address for where you are now living. One of the best sources for taking a look at and researching your Medicare rights Not just the rights for when you're moving, but then when you can have a special circumstance that will give you the right to purchase another plan. We prefer the "Choosing a Medigap Policy" guide. Link Below. When you look on pages 22 and 23 of the 2016 version could be different pages on another version when Medicare puts out the 2017 and 2018 .. There is goin to be a table listing your rights and under what circumstances you can get different plans. Very easy to follow. Its actually great information to have for anyone who's on Medicare just to have it as a resource. So that's it! Those are our most frequent questions for Snowbirds, RV'er and some people are moving from one state to another and how it impacts your Medicare. I hope you found this information useful. If you have, then please subscribe to our channel or also LIKE this video. When you LIKE this video... you increase the probability that when somebody else is searching the same question that you're searching for that they're gonna find this video and help answer their questions. I am Matthew Claassen of MedigapSeminars.org Thank you for watching! MedigapSeminars.org Make an informed decision. An independent insurance broker specializing in Medicare.

  Top Comments:
  1. @therealMelB [3 likes]: Heads UP to RVers retired & otherwise who typically go to NV for winter because you suffer with painful conditions such as arthritis degenerative disorders cancer or other illnesses. 
Las Vegas especially. ....
You will NOT  be able to fill ANY pain medications in Clark or Nye county. 
They have now started refusing any and ALL patients who are NOT fulltime living in the area, and even then severe "shortages " are being reported in all SW desert communities where snowbirds tend to reside to escape freezing temps. 
Be warned, be proactive & COMPLAIN to your local government agencies as this is a direct result of Clark County DA suing manufacturers of said medications.
Good luck & god bless
  2. @marybaughman9681 [2 likes]: Excellent information for RVers - Thank you
  3. @Eyagsf [2 likes]: Very informative 👍
  4. @SlickCat [1 likes]: It's a shame what they do to Seniors with all this complex coverage. At a time in their lives when people need good cheap coverage they make it complex to understand and mostly unaffordable for most on fixed incomes.
They get you both ways: Pay high deductible or Pay high premiums. Choose a Doctor with PPO or get a hack appointed with HMO.
  5. @meganposey3011 [1 likes]: great video. I'm almost an retired.. late next year.. and looking at either FL or TX as base home.. what is best?  Neither one taxes SS.. but one mut have better cost for Medicare part G costs.. can you tell me?  thank you, Great video  like this format
  6. @Trailhound1 [1 likes]: Nice job Matthew.  A please to “like” and I have been  subscriber for some time.  Texas Jack
  7. @therealMelB [1 likes]: https://www.painnewsnetwork.org/stories/2016/10/7/dea-opioid-cuts-could-affect-terminally-ill-patients
Here's an in-depth look into the problems, who's involved & some of the government agencies that need to be held accountable.
God bless those suffering because of this issue.
  8. @mikedempsey7987 [1 likes]: I cant believe only 130 people LIKED this video. I am a special case because I have both medicare/medicaid but this info was stuff most would take a week to compile.
  9. @philip5899: I’m out of country in the winter. I have travel insurance. What do I need to know about Medicare?
  10. @mattrivers1539: I spend summers in Oregon (legal residence) and winters in California. I am at each location for roughly half the year. Am I supposed to be reporting my twice-yearly moves to my Supplement and Part D insurers? I've been at this for six years and never even gave a thought to reporting my temporary moves.
  11. @larryv4249: Can you offer any information on traveling thru Canada for 3 weeks with Medicare coverage and suggestions on how to make sure to be covered in the event of accident or illness? Or to one of your videos that addresses this.
  12. @QuantumReality: too verbose. just get facts, geeze
  13. @brianparent: Ya know... A long time ago, most people lived as nomads even in the old west. Living in an apartment or owning a home is more a social living experiment more so than living out of an RV. I just find all these rules and regulations very limiting on our freedoms. Oh...and if it weren't for my direct ancestors, The United States wouldn't even exist as we all see it today. Want to know who my ancestors were? Hmmm?
  14. @brianparent: What if I'm on Medicaid and SSDI, and I can get a 1995 37' motorhome for less than $2500 and everything functions. Will Medicaid be cut? I also have End Stage Liver Disease and I'm on The Liver Transplant List at MGH in Boston. I want to live The RV life. What can I do to make it happen? Any pointers for that type of situation, because I don't see anyone talking about that at all? Of course, Medicaid considers an RV a Recreational Vehicle and not a home, so would I lost my health benefits and Food Stamps? I can live cheaper out of a Motorhome than through The Housing Authority.
  15. @MedigapSeminars: #MedigapSeminars  <--  Click the hashtag to find more videos I have prepared for you Please comment below -  what part of this video did you find most useful?

- Travel health insurance for snowbirds with Andrew Go and Rob Carrick: Kind: captions Language: en Andrew, we're talking about uh travel health insurance for snowbirds. I'd like to start off by having you explain how you can do your comparison shopping. Obviously, the quotes vary a fair bit, but so do the so does the coverage vary from company to company. Maybe you can start off by just telling us how much prices might vary from firm to firm. Well, Rob, it's a great question, and I think part of it in any search for any snowbirds thinking of going away is that it's definitely important to look for uh travel insurance. And part of it is looking at what they're currently covered for and identifying gaps where they can supplement that with other travel insurance. And travel insurance, the rates can vary enormously depending on your age, uh what kind of deductibles you want, the level of coverage. So it could go from anywhere from $15 to over $2,000. Now, what causes that variation difference? Is it the is it the coverage or like is is the $15 policy basically full of holes and you're and you are running huge risks about not getting it paid off? Well, it always is. Insurance always ends up being your appetite for risk. So $15 is the right amount of coverage for someone who feels like they have other services or other benefits. Perhaps a company insurance plan that also covers the low. You don't necessarily want want to go with the lowcost bidder. Well, it all depends again on your own personal preference and your risk uh your appetite for risk. Let's say though you're a senior and you're past your working years and you no longer have a company coverage and you've got your provincial Oh, we should probably say how much the provincial health plan covers. Is that significant? Well, the provincial healthcare they, you know, it's actually part of the reason we're actually kind of spoiled living here where a lot of our health benefits are fully covered, right? But when you're out of the country, how much coverage would you get per day? Basically, it actually it depends on the actual what the actual incident is that actually coverage, but especially and it's good to read up on all that before you leave, especially if you go down to the States. How much could your potential bill be? Let's say you had a heart attack, a major serious heart attack in in while you're vacationing in Florida. How much could the bill be? An average night in a hospital could cost you even $10,000. So depending on how much time you're there for recovery, depending if you have surgery, what kind of specialist they need to bring in, all these things add up. And that's why it's so important for people to shop around and actually read up on what they're All right. So shop for price and shop for the terms of the coverage. Yes, definitely. Because sometimes pricing alone isn't enough. You have to actually make sure that you're comparing apples to apples. It's not just the lowest price. You need to ensure that you're comparing equal coverages as well. Thanks, Andrew.

  Top Comments:
  1. @travelinsurancesorted2178: Several good factors to take into account when looking at travel insurance. How much will it cover and what exactly does it cover? Medical insurance is an absolute must.

- From Snowstorms to Sunshine. A Snowbird’s Medicare Advantage Adventure!: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome, friends, to another glowing campfire conversation on Medicare tales and marshmallows, where navigating the health care system feels a little cozier and a lot more human. Today, we're joined by someone who truly lives the seasonal dream, Marlene Dee, a retired teacher. Who splits her year between the cherries of Michigan and the palm trees of Florida. But while her soul travels freely, her Medicare Advantage plan, not so much. Marlene, welcome. And what do we call you this season? Snowbird Queen. You know what, Kim? Kim, you can call me whatever. You want as long as it's not out of network Queen. Honestly, that phrase haunts me like a student with a late term paper. The true Crime Story of retirement health care. So tell us, how did you pick your Medicare Advantage plan? Well, I wanted a plan that covered my doctors had good dental. And gave me vision benefits. IUmm. lost my reading glasses three times during one open enrollment. I picked one that seemed flexible. The brochure had a dolphin in everything. Ah yes, beware of those cute dolphins. They'll get you every time. And how that pan out. Summer was smooth sailing. The great primary care coverage, low co-pays, free yoga at the Community Center, and my dentist actually gives out lip balm. But come November I fly to Florida for my yearly escape from snow and suddenly I'm in what I call the Medicare Twilight Zone. Uh oh, what happened?I tried to refill a prescription and was told that pharmacy is not in your plans network. I'm standing there and flip flops like ma'am I need this inhaler more than sunscreen. Then I found out my Miami doc who I've seen for three years is technically suddenly out of network now. Ooh. That had to hurt. Did your plan offer alternatives? They did, sort of. It's called a visitor program, but you have to notify the insurance powers that be ahead of time and pray your snowbird zip code isn't treated like Mars. I had to submit a form, call a service Rep and do a trust fall into the fax machine. Sounds like Cirque de Soleil Medicare edition. Exactly. And let's talk cost sharing. My co-pays double in Florida unless I jump through hoops like a caffeinated poodle. I once paid $120.00 for a specialist because I didn't have prior authorization. I said honey. I barely authorized this Margarita. What's your system now? Ohh let me tell you chica, I made a snowbird Survival kit. It includes A laminated list of local in network urgent care centres, a separate Florida pharmacy card, travel sized patients. And last but not least, a bottle of white wine labeled for grievances and appeals only. Love it. You're my new life coach. So after all the drama, are you happy with your plan? You know what, I kinda sorta am. I love my Michigan doctor. My plan covers dental care. And the Wellness benefits are great. But I've learned this Medicare Advantage is like planning a trip with toddlers on a budget airline. Don't assume they'll travel well. You have to ask a lot of questions and always read the fine print before you go on vacation. Preach. Any advice for other snowbirds? Out there, Yes chica, when shopping for a plan, don't just ask what's covered, ask where's it covered. Call your Uh-huh. out-of-state doctors, ask about network portability. And please, for the love of SPF 50, don't wait until you're at the pharmacy to find out your out of network. Wise words from a woman who knows how to pack both a sun hat and an EOB statement. And don't forget laminated provider maps. I hand them out like Halloween candy. I don't even know what those are, but sounds handy. Thanks, Marlene. That's all for this sunny edition of Medicare Tales and Marshmallows. Remember, health care doesn't always travel with you, but good planning and laminated maps might just save your stay at your home away from home. Until next time, toast a marshmallow and always, always pack sunscreen.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MedicareTales: What do you find most confusing about Medicare?
Your question may be featured in an upcoming episode!

- Episode 86: What You Don't Know Will Hurt You - Gerry Scott's New Book for Canadian Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en Welcome to the Snowbird's Expat Radio podcast powered by the Snowbird US Day Tracker app. I'm your host, Jerry Scott, and my goal is to give you answers to your crossber questions, to ease the stress of a crossber move or extended trip, and to keep you up to date on all you need to know with crossber rules and regulations. Now, let's get on with the show. Jerry Scott is your regular host, but get ready to flip the script. Today, I'll be your host, and I'm putting Jerry in the hot seat. I'm Laura Garfield, co-founder of Idea Caner, and my team produces this very podcast for you snowbirds out there. And in this episode, I'm taking control of the mic and Jerry gets to answer all the questions because, drum roll please, Jerry's brand new book was just released. Canadians heading south for the winters. What you don't know will hurt you. Congratulations, Jerry. >> Well, thanks, Laura. It's uh it's going to be a little interesting being the uh uh the guest. Um it feels kind of funny to be self-promotional on your own podcast, but uh but anyhow, I'm excited. You've been a part of this since the very beginning when we uh you know we came up with the the app and then we came up with the um we came up with the podcast and then you producing the podcast and then and now as we went further down the road we agreed, hey, let's write this book slashmanual. There we are. And it really should be a um a manual that almost comes with the the dishwasher and the uh and the stove and the microwave that locks and you can't find that button to get your stuff out of it. It really is a guy. But but I'll tell you what, I am in the hot seat. I'm looking forward to your questions. Well, now as a listener of the Snowbirds Expat Radio podcast, you're used to hearing Jerry pry useful tips out of crossber experts like lawyers and accountants. Today, Jerry is going to talk about the book that is a onestop guide to all the Snowbirds questions. They're not scattered through multiple episodes of the podcast. They are all in one place. And this book is packed with info on immigration, tax, healthcare, residency rules. We have a lot to cover, Jerry. Let's get started. So, tell me, was there a moment when you realized people were still getting tripped up by the same misunderstandings over and over? >> Yeah. Every day for the last uh eight years. It It's amazing, you know. Um, it really is confusing for snowbirds out there. It It's It's so complex and and all we want to do is escape the winter, fly south, hang out with our other snowbirds, enjoy the weather, and um, but it's confusing. Very, very confusing. And it's an ongoing thing. And I hope this book will really kind of break it down. try and keep it as simple as we can. We can't keep it too simple because as mentioned taxation, foreign country, healthcare in a foreign country, and of course all the stuff that's going on around us at all times when we're down south. >> There's a lot of nuances and it kind of goes beyond a Google search or a chat GBT search. There's um a lot of information packed in the book. What gap did you feel this book needed to fill for Canadian snowbirds? Is there something like this out there for them? um as you mentioned um uh chats, GPT, Google, all these things just add to the confusion because I think what you're looking for, it's like when you have a when you're having a discussion with somebody, you're asking the questions and you're only looking for one answer. You're looking for the answer that's going to satisfy you so you can kind of move on and and away you go and and live your life. um thou self as best as he can. But yeah, there's so many gaps. It it is confusing. And I think the whole idea to fill in the gaps was to really give you a little bit more of an understanding of what we're dealing with. And before I get too far into all the questions, um I think what we do, Laura, is we take we take them all and we put them together. Maybe immigration tats. That's the big thing out there. Immigration is different than tax and tax is different than immigration. But the rules confuse us because we can't we put it all into the pot. We stir it up and we have our we hope we have our answers, but it doesn't work that way. It really doesn't. They don't communicate. Tax and immigration do not communicate. I could see going to this book with a specific looking for a specific answer and realizing there was a lot more I needed to know because typically when you're snowbirding, you don't put a lot of thought into it in advance. You're thinking warm weather, thinking I'm going to get out of here and then I'll come back until you run into some sort of problem and that's your kind of your lane, right? Yeah. And I think what's happened is that these snowbirds, these are not these are not um young 20year-old, 30-year-old people that are experiencing, you know, the southern lifestyle for the very first time. They've done it for 30 years, 40 years, or let's say they've done it for 30 years. Let's say the average snowbird starts going down south, maybe late 40s, early 50s, and they'll continue that migration south for the next 20, 25 years, and they get so comfortable with it. But at the same time, when you're, you know, I guess I I always picture this bird and all these geese and these ducks flying south, they're all flying together. And you know, they're all following each other and they really don't know. Um, okay. I I'm assuming we're flying south. I'm assuming that the guy at the front or the bird at the front knows what's going on. He knows all the rules and he's not looking be behind. He's just flying forward. And every bird, snowbird, Canadian does the same thing. We're flying down south and that's it. And I think we're so busy thinking about it, so busy preparing for the trip that we're just thinking about, can I make that tea time on Monday when I arrive on Saturday? That's really the mindset of a snowbird. >> So tell me, what are some of the biggest assumptions snowbirds make that can get them into trouble? >> Well, I've always done it this way. That's really what it comes down to. you know, I I've done it this way and and uh the the family that lives beside me down south who's from Vancouver and and we're, you know, the other family's from Toronto, well, if it's good enough for them, we're doing the same thing as them, so we must be on side. So, I think the confusion of everybody doing the same thing, it's all great until it isn't great. And I think the idea of this book is it's not your romance novel that you can you need to start in chapter one and kind of follow it and it it doesn't work that way. I think what we've done is we've taken the 10 chapters the 10 most important things for snowbirds and get to know each and every subject. May it be immigration. May it be a 30-day myth that if you enter United States and you go home for 30 days, you know, will the border crossing agents on the US side issue another I94 for us? And then I can start that six-month clock over again. It's it's it's so confusing. And uh I think even when I put this book together and even um you know, we're snowbirds. We we lived in Vancouver and we we travel back and forth to to Maui throughout the year. Now, I did take it one step further. I I didn't want to get myself in trouble with immigration. So, I went through the entire process of getting the E2 visa and we'll cover that in the next book that we have coming out, which is all those Canadians heading north or maybe Canadians want to move to United States on a more permanent basis. So even going through that experience myself, there's still intimidation when we go across the border and you hear about these stories and and we always hear about the negative things and there is a lot going on in this world nowadays. So I think borders in all fairness to both sides. We we have to be strict on who's crossing and how we allow those people to enjoy our country. maybe Canada or the American border crossing agents allowing Canadians to enjoy uh time in the south. Uh it it's just ongoing it. So the book is designed read the chapter and I highly recommend that people start to put make notes on the bottom of the page. go back into the podcast and listen to if it's on an immigration, write down the immigration lawyer that we had and their contact information. Get familiar with it because you will need these people. And every time I have a phone call with somebody, um I I used to work Monday to Friday. It was very committed to our craft and what we do on the balls management side. Then on the weekend, it became a full-time gig of returning phone calls from these snowbirds that were concerned. And you know, the story was always the same. Put a piece of paper in front of you, immigration on one side of the page, taxation on the other side. And please do not cross the line. If we're talking immigration, put it in the immigration box. If we're talking tax, put it in the tax box. And I think that's what this book is going to do. is going to kind of define things a little clearer. I'm not trying to turn you into an immigration lawyer. I'm not trying to turn you into a crossquarter tax accountant. I'm trying to educate you that this is complex and that little person's name that you wrote down on the immigration side or the tax side, that's the person you want to reach out to and feel comfortable with because this is not a do-it-yourself book. This cannot be done on your own. Sounds like the book might actually free up your weekends from having to answer all those snowbird questions. >> You know, I I um it's okay. I mean, I I I I love to be able to help people. So, yes, I'm hoping yes, I am hoping for um less calls, but more importantly, I guess what we're really hoping for is that, you know, these things take time and and commitment and expenses. So, I guess it um you know, we're trying to look at all these acronyms, you know, um uh BTB, buy the book, buy the book, little like, you know, self promotion there. But I think this is one of those things with myself being crossboarder, I've always carried crossber books and uh with me to read on the plane and get educated. So, I think you should be able to carry the Bible with you when you're heading down south. And I think you should also carry the um uh this uh this best of a Snowirds expat uh radio podcast uh focusing on Snowbirds heading south. >> Well, you alluded to a second book and I do want to ask a quick question though. were really focusing on the exciting launch of the new book. But when you set out on this project, you were thinking, I'm going to make one single book and the first 10 chapters are going to be what ended up being this book and the second 10 chapters are going to be something else. What made you decide that you really had two books there? >> Well, it it goes back to I didn't want to confuse people even more, you know? So, I think snowbirds have a different set of rules. And why would we why would anybody ever care or even be more confused with all the rules with Canadians returning or expats moving up to America's moving up to Canada? Why would we want to make it that much more confusing? It wasn't this opportunity to author two books and look at me and I'm this big author that I never ever thought I would be. But I think it was just too much. It was too much content. And I think the first book, the Snowbird book, is about 180 plus pages. And I think the the Canadians returning the great return is about 300 pages. So it's it's too much. It's too much information. And and remember this is stuff this stuff is really immigration and tax. You can't put a lovely picture of a waterfall or people standing by the waterfall or uh you know taking up some space and and breaking it up. It's just really really rules, rules, rules and trying to educate you on the severity of if you're offside, what you don't know will hurt you. >> So, we can think about those migration patterns you talked about. And this one is for the migration south and the next one is going to be about the migration north. >> Exactly. um migration north are coming home because Canadians have had successful careers down in the states. You know, when we're approached by young young people, young professionals and they ask us, should we move down to the states? I always say you should I think United States is a is a wonderful country. I know there's some difficulties between the two countries right now, but I think it's um it will pass. We've always had great relationships with the Americans, but I think there's a great opportunity for for Canadian young Canadian professionals to move down there. You have so many advantages of what you can save and tax rates and all these other things. We hear about the negative things and we just say, "No, I'm not going or my mom and dad don't want me to go." I think there's huge opportunities in the states for Canadians and we've seen that with health care professionals, technology, um my, you know, at at basically uh recruiting all these bright Canadian young kids from BC right across Canada down to the States, maybe at the Silicon Valley. >> Attention Canadian snowbirds. Want to enjoy your US stay without worrying about immigration windows, tax rules, or accidentally overstaying? Meet Snowbird's US Day Tracker. This mobile app helps you track your days in the US, log multi-year trips, and monitor your US tax and visa exposure, all from your phone. It's designed specifically for Canadians traveling south for the winter. Stop guessing. Stay compliant. Download Snowbirdsus DayTracker now and get peace of mind on your next crossber adventure. Visit snowbirdsus daytracker.com to get the download link or look for a link in the show description for this episode. Have a plan before you land and make your time in the sun about living well, not worrying about rules. You know, I think the biggest thing that I want to stress when we are talking about the snowbirds heading south is the biggest thing that we're looking at right now is is the immigration is going to be the really difficult one because what you've been doing for 30 years. Um, in theory, you have two lives. You're actually going down there not to visit, you're going down there to to live. And even if you're not working, you have your home, you have your car, you have all your, you know, your golf clubs are down there, your bikes are down there, everything you can think of is down there. Well, immigration now we're finding out is starting to put together these patterns on you heading south. And are you are you a visitor, which is a B2, Bravo 2, how snowbirds are basically issued when they enter the country and they get their I94s. So, you have to be really really careful uh on what you say when you cross that border. You can't use the W word. You certainly can't use any abbreviation for swear words when you're getting frustrated. Um so, I I think I think we're trying to educate people. And Laura, there's also another trend that's happening out there. We're trying to help these snowbirds is um kids nowadays want to travel everywhere. They just don't want to go to Maui. they just don't want to go to Palm Springs or or Florida. They want to see the world. So, mom and dad, which in our generation, um when mom and dad said, "Hey, take our place in Maui. Just pay for it. Pay for the fees and we'll we'll will that to you and you can find out how to pay the taxes and and and the fees and insurance and all these other things." Well, now these kids don't want to um take on mom and dad's place in in Hawaii or Florida. So, mom and dad for in the first time, this is the first generation we're seeing a lot of moms and dads that are now the grandparents are selling their houses. And it isn't a simple process of just putting a um a for sale sign on the front yard. It's a taxable crossber event. And this is the first time we're seeing this happening in in huge numbers. And people just need some help making sure that they understand the tax implications. And once again, it's not it's not do it yourself here. Jerry's going to give you all the answers and I'm not an immigration lawyer or a tax accountant. Um, but we're going to educate you and and point you the right right direction. And I think that's more that's more of a a demographic thing than it is maybe a geopolitical press that we people love to hear about and read about and watch on their phones these days. It's it's really coming down to the demographics of kids say no I want to go to Europe I want to see >> those generational shifts are so interesting and how they impact the crossber issues. So tell me because you have looked at this from so many different aspects from fielding so many questions from snowbirds from snowbirding yourself. I'm sure you have a treasure chest full of cautionary tales that you have heard some unfortunate things that have happened. Can you give me an example of the consequence of getting one of these crossborder issues wrong? Well, I think um I think CAS is pretty straightforward. You know, we created the Snowbird US Day Tracker app probably about 10 years ago now. And really what it is is that you know, you're just tracking your days over a three-year formula. And if you would see it 183 days over the over the 3 years, well then you have to fill the 8840s and follow them each and every year and prove you got closer ties to Canada. That is pretty straightforward. I know a lot of people are hesitant to file any kind of forms with the US when you're a Canadian uh a Canadian person, but it's in your best interest because you don't want to see yourself become a a a US tax resident or US resident for tax purposes. So, I think we're seeing that and I don't think that's it's not a a big thing. It's just you could be required to file a Canadian return like a non-resident return and a Canadian return. And we've got a treaty between the two countries. So there is foreign tax credits that offset any income that's paid or or taxes that are paid and you can carry forward on your returns, Canadian returns. That one I think is easy to educate people and I think people are really intelligent about okay, I need my accountant to help me with this. crossber accountant is going to help me and I'll pay the fees and away we go. I think the biggest one that we're seeing Laura is the immigration and immigration these these uh border crossing agents have discretion and when people ask me what are the rules? Well, the rules are discretion. Every situation is different. They look at your your history of traveling to the states and all of a sudden you follow all the rules on immigration. You've saw you've received your I94 and you know when to get out of the country when you're lawfully allowed to be in the country and now you need to return home. I think that's the biggest thing is when it comes to discretion because they don't have to issue six months. they can take a look at it and you're heading down with the dog, the cat, the bird cage, and the couch is strapped to the top of the the the caravan and they're thinking, "Well, wait a second here. You're you're coming down here to live." And I think that's where discretion is the hardest thing that people have to be very very cautious with. And anything can happen. Uh anything can happen. you can be denied entry. And there's nothing more stressful. And and and this could be happening at the at a land crossing. It could be it could be at the Air Force. And there's nothing more stressful knowing that you have a tea time on Monday and you're flying down on a Saturday. You've been denied entry and you, you know, you've already paid for your tea time. May it be an exclusive club that you you know your friends have set up for you, but it is stressful and and if you get denied entry into United States on the Canadian side, you just can't drive to another border, maybe, you know, take the Buffalo crossing and the Gordia Bridge. You can't all a sudden try something new and and start over. You're denied entry. So this is the part that the these are the stories that are really scaring people and all the media out there. People are asking, "Am I going to be okay? Am I going to be okay?" Well, when you get into second level screening, that's when all the questions start. You go across do the same thing. And now you're in this little room. You don't have your phone. You can't phone a friend like a good game show. Uh you're you're in trouble. You're you're not in trouble, but you're it's a very intimidating process. >> You're making me nervous, Jerry, because we do the land crossings a lot. You know, I have a kid who plays hockey up in BC and we live in Washington State and we're going back and forth all the time, and every time we pull up to the border, like I get nervous. It's kind of uh I I think it's just like built in. And the idea there is like, you know, what if I say something wrong? What if I, you know, look funny and they decide they're going to flag me? So, I think having the answers and understanding um in advance certainly takes some of that anxiety out of it. When you wrote the book, would did you want the the reader to think of this as kind of a go-to reference guide where you dive in and get your question answered or is the idea to read it cover to cover? >> I think what it really is, Laura, is it's it's set up to be a real it is a reference guide. It really does back up the the the actual app that Canadians are using. Why am I why should I worry about a 12 month rolling calendar? Why should I worry about how many days and it says I got to be out of the country the 183 days on the tax perspective. Um I think what it does it just tries to provide clarity so people really understand it. And once again we're not trying to turn you into a immigration loader or the uh the the know-it-all crossber guru. I think it's just there to really let people educate themselves that these rules exist for these reasons. Now, you brought up a very good um the other thing is is that when we get phone calls, people say, "Talk me through second level screening at immigration. Tell me what to say." And you know, our parents raised us well. you know, know the rules and just be transparent and be honest, but don't disclose all this information like you're this you read the book and and you have all the answers. That could be more trouble. Um, >> less is more. Is that what I'm hearing? >> I I I think you just have to be respectful. We're dealing this this is this is an interesting world we live in. And remember, it's not a privilege. Um, I'm sorry. It's not a right to enter United States as a Canadian and it's not a a right as an American entering Canada. It's a privilege. We've got all these Canadians we need to protect when an American comes up and and visits with their son playing hockey. And we need I we need these Canadians to be respected that when you're going down south that you know the rules and and understand um uh that this this you know it's a it's a it's a privilege. It's not a right to enter the country. >> So if someone is listening and thinking I have been doing this for years and I probably know all the ropes. What would you say to them? Um, I would say none of us know the ropes. None of us are familiar because we do go back to that discretion and things can change and the environment changes. I think really what it is if you have a large investment, you're spending a lot of time on either side of the border. If you're Canadian spending time in the United States or an American coming up from Canada and you've got that investment, I think you just have to realize that there's a lot of stress involved not only for you um, but the spouse you're traveling with. We know that's going to create a an argument of whose fault it is and why we're in second level screening. And I told you so. I think the thing is is that I I think it's about um it's about educating people, getting him in the right because even if you know as much that you think you know, you're still going to have to have that one day you're going to need to reach out and call an immigration lawyer and and get things settled and and get things straightened away. It can happen to all of us. And I think I I think it really is just um right now I don't think there's anything out there. I know the app is is there might be other apps out there, but you got to remember why we did this in the first place. I've been in this this financial service business. I mean licensed on both sides of the border as you know on on with FINRA and with the regulators up in Canada here. and we're dealing with this every day. And the fact that these great immigration lawyers and these great crossber accountants are willing to give us a time and come onto our podcast, it's it's allowed us to really share that information and and and and really it's about connecting people with the right professionals that if you do get yourself in a bind, they used to always say it's not a matter of uh if, it's a matter of when that something's going to occur. and and it's it it it's going to be a it's not going to be the most exciting biggest opportunity of your life when you're in second level screening. It's it's stressful. >> Well, I have my copy, but if someone out there is listening and wants to grab theirs, how do they get it? >> Well, the way we're setting up right now is and and there's so much to learn. You go through these books. I mean, writing the book is one thing and putting it together is is is interesting. and you've gone through this experience as well. I think the number one choice is going to be out there is going to be with with Amazon. Uh I'm sure that we have to go through this process and and have it available in the bookstores if we need to. Um but we're going to make it really easy for people to um to be able to reach out there and and find out how they can buy the book through through Amazon. Uh we're hoping that um if the book is a success and we we believe it will be well then we can look at things like Audible books and and set us up for the next book which is um the great Canadian return. That one is going to be is really going to be a great book for both Americans heading north or coming home or meeting somebody and marrying somebody and coming up to Canada here. I mean the numbers are big. I mean, there's a million snowbirds within the last couple years that were heading south and the amount of Canadians that are returning right now. I mean, who knows what that number is, but crossber professionals are busy and if anything, they can reach out to us and we've always been great on referring people and connecting people to the the the crop, you know, the proper professionals to make sure that this thing goes smoothly as as best as it can when you are moving back or you're heading south. So, there's a lot. >> Well, to make finding the book easy for the million people out there who need it, we are helping you set up a site called Snowbirdshadings.com. Simple as that. Go to snowbirds south.com. You will be led straight to Amazon where you can buy the book, find out more about what's inside the book if you need to before you make the decision. But snowbirds headings south.com will help you get your hands on this go-to guide. Stay out of trouble. That's the message here. >> Jerry, there are so many pitfalls for snowballs. How do snowballs? >> Same thing. >> They're leaving because of the snowballs. snowbirds heading south. I'm sure they will very much appreciate all the work you put into writing this valuable guide and thank you for letting me take control of this interview. It sure was fun. >> Well, thank you and and I'm I'm looking forward to I'm sure we'll do the same thing when the uh the second book comes out which is it's all written. It's just got to go through compliance and all the proper channels. Uh but I think that book is going to be uh is going to be very very interesting. Um, this is confusing stuff. Talking about it is, uh, I mean, we've had a lot of fun over the years putting the videos together and all these other things, but uh, I got to tell you, all joking aside, um, our message is is clear. We're just trying to help people. >> Love where you're coming from, Jerry, and I look forward to interviewing you for the next book. Remember, snowbirds.com. Thank you again for listening to the Snowbird Expat Radio podcast. The best way you can support the podcast is to forward the episode to a friend. And please don't hesitate to like, subscribe, or leave a comment. Now, before you go, let me leave you with one of my favorite quotes. Be kind to all. The world is small.

- From Snowstorms to Sunshine. A Snowbird’s Medicare Supplement Adventure!: Kind: captions Language: en All right, marshmallow warriors, welcome back. This is Medicare tales and marshmallows where no matter where life takes you, the stories stay toasty. Tonight's guest, she's got wheels and will travel. Please welcome the unstoppable Beverly C. Hey, Cam. Cam. I'm happy to be here, though. If this were real life, I'd have dragged my lounge chair right into the campfire circle. You're among friends here. I've even got virtual extra marshmallows and sunscreen. So let's cut to the chase. Why Medicare Supplement? Easy one word. Freedom. I'm in Michigan half the year, Florida the other half. I needed health care that didn't care where my flip flops landed. With Medicare supplement. I can see any doc who accepts original Medicare. Boom, I'm good to go. No networks, no frantic stopping at gas stations to Google is my. Doctor in network. Nice. What's working really well for you, Bev? Ohh, may I call you Bev? Absolutely. Cam. Cam, what's working? Hands down the stress free travel. Last winter I was living my best life down in Florida doing the snowbird thing. I decided to go for a quick swim. And bam, I got stung by a jellyfish. Not my proudest ocean moment. I practically leapt out of the water like I was auditioning for Baywatch Retired babes edition. Ohh my now that's a mental image. You OK though? Yes, I'm totally fine now. How waddled into an urgent care, waved my original Medicare and Medicare supplement cards. No referrals, no phone calls, no network panic. I was in and out faster than you could say pass the aloe Vera. And the best part? Nobody needed to pee on my foot to ease the pain. Love that for you. Quick, easy and hygienic. But you know what's wild? My friend Doris was also down there a she also got stung by a jellyfish. Believe it or not, we're apparently a magnet for marine life. Wait, you both got stung? Same beach. Same beach. Same week. But here's the kicker. Doris has a Medicare Advantage plan. She had to figure out whether the urgent care was in her plans network. Then she was told to call her plans nurse line to get approval before being treated. Imagine standing there sizzling with jellyfish venom and you're on hold. Ohh no, not the please hold. Your sting is very important to us. Exactly. And I won't go into gory details, but I heard that some peeing on her foot was involved. Ohh that stinks. No pun intended. Yeah, it all worked out eventually, but she had a delay. Plus a copay she didn't expect because it was considered out of network. Meanwhile, I was halfway through my aloe slushy. So for you, the Medicare Supplement Freedom really won the day. It sounds like absolutely no networks, no referrals, no drama when you're wrangling with jellyfish. For life, you want smooth sailing. Doris said she's switching plans before we head back out next winter. That's it. Medicare Supplement, The Jellyfish approved travel companion. Put that on a tote bag. Nice. Well, not the jellyfish part, of course. So any challenges?On the open Rd. Let's see. Hmm. Well, my Medicare supplement premiums higher than some Advantage plans. At first, I griped Beverly, you could buy a lot of margaritas with that money. But every time I pop into a doctor's office without worrying about coverage, it's worth it. Freedom. Isn't free, but it's fabulous. How about cost share experiences? None to speak of really. Two years ago I tripped over my own beach chair, very glamorous, and tore my meniscus. Outpatient surgery, physical therapy, the whole works. Total bill over $10,000. What I paid, maybe what you'd spend on this simple brunch for four if you skipped theUh-huh. bottomless mimosas, and after that, zero for the rest of the year. I'm generally healthy, but you just never know when somethingI know, right? goes bump in the night and everyday life outside of stings and scrapes. Ohh honey. Whether it's a sinus infection. And snowy Michigan, or allergy attacks and pollen packed Florida, or managing my diabetes all year round across the country. Medicare supplements got me. It's like having a healthcare passport wherever I roam. All right Bev, give us your three word Medicare supplement love letter. Freedom, flexibility, flip flops. That's gonna be my next tattoo. Thanks, Bev. Alright folks, that's it for today's Travelling Tales. Until next time, stay adventurous, stay covered, and stay marshmallowy.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MedicareTales: What do you find most confusing about Medicare?
Your question may be featured in an upcoming episode!

- The snowbirds are coming! Here's how to stay safe on the road: Kind: captions Language: en living in Florida there is one thing you can be sure of this time each year the roads are gonna get busier and they're gonna be less safe you know what I'm talking about tonight in taming your traffic right-sides Hillary's Ella and Sean Streicher show you how to stay safe as the snowbirds hit the roads you've heard of birds migrating south for the winter but what about snowbirds they come from the northern states seeking warmth in our beautiful Sunshine State this time of year and starting this month about a million snowbirds will start flocking to Florida and don't get me wrong we love having them here but they do bring their cars with them there are several times throughout the year when we see these groups of people coming into Florida that those traffic crashes do tend to spike this time of year Florida's population goes up five percent so what does that mean for Tampa Bay well according to the latest census in Sarasota their population goes up eighty thousand people in just the winter months but snowbirds aren't just flocking to the beaches in fact in the greater is effer Hills area their population goes up thirty thousand we do tend to see historically crashes rise compared to the rest of the year there's some big things that are really pretty simple when you think about it but really people don't pay attention to as much here's a couple of things you can do to stay safe on the roads the first thing slow down and you already know this but if you have a couple of drinks don't drive : over or take a taxi pay attention to these signs the easiest way to do that put away the phone come on look cool it with the road rage take a breath and calm down you can get Hillary's traffic reports Monday through Friday on bright side

  Top Comments:
  1. @RobertElee-uk1bf [1 likes]: The "we love having them here" is the fattest lie I've ever heard

- Tips for Canadian Snowbirds!: Kind: captions Language: en It's Snowbird season! This time of the year, we hear from lots of Canadians driving down or flying into the US, where they're ultimately heading for sunny skies and warmer weather. Can't say I blame them. Aside from being aware of the ever changing COVID testing and quarantine considerations and requirements, here are some important tips for snowbirds to keep in mind when entering the United States. First, know that when a Snowbird applies for entry, they're typically being admitted to the U.S. as a B-2 visitor. Generally, visitors are allowed to stay for up to six months following any given entry, but a CBP or Customs and Border Protection officer can restrict this. When entering the U.S., CBP may ask questions to gauge your intent to return to Canada after your trip within that six month limitation. CBP will not admit someone who intends to possibly stay here permanently or if that person doesn't have the means to support themselves while in the United States. CBP will consider permanent ties back to Canada, like home ownership, financial assets, family ties and the likes. If the CBP officer feels that you're manipulating the rules of a B-2 visitor, they'll probably deny you entry and there's unfortunately not much you can do about it. Most snowbirds, who most snowbirds who come to the United States have the six month rule default concept when they're here. I want to clarify that this isn't an airtight rule when it comes to immigration. While an authorized period of stay following any given entry will probably be limited to six months. CBP does have the authority to allow someone to come into the United States for a longer period than that in any given calendar year. So, for example, let's say a snowbird enters on November first and is admitted for six months through May first. Let's say that person leaves March first, two months shy of that stay, and then they come back to come in on April first. Well, on that April first trip, CBP could technically admit them for an additional six month period of stay, so long as they're satisfied that that individual still has plans to return back to Canada. So you see, there's no technical violation if they stay for that second period of their six month stay because they're still within the terms of their immigration status. Now that's not to say that other considerations don't come into play when it comes to snowbirds and that six month rule. I know that there are sometimes provincial considerations when it comes to health insurance, and of course, there's other tax obligations to factor as well. Finally, let's chat about snowbirds who are nearing the end of one period of six months stay and who don't want to exit the United States. For whatever reason, they want to extend their trip by another two or three months or even up to another six months. Know that that is possible. We can file a paper based application with an agency called U.S. Citizenship and Immigration Services or USCIS and request an extension of status. Without that, Canadian having to go back to the United States. Now, ultimately, that Snowbird still has to have plans to leave and and the government will probably ask questions about that or want to see proof of their intent to leave, but know that it can be done. So those are some helpful tips for Canadian snowbirds. If you have any questions about your stay in the United States, contact me Jennifer Behm, a partner with Berardi Immigration Law, and we'll make sure we answer all of your questions.

  Top Comments:
  1. @ClayLud: Here is a unique scenario. A Canadian snowbird drove down, through the USA and into Baja Mexico to stay for 4 months. As they returned to Canada they were denied access to the USA at the southern boarder. The officer never gave a concrete reason why they were not allowed into the USA. 
These people had to turn around, drive back down into Mexico, store their RV, fly back to Canada and then had to hire someone to go back to to Mexico and drive the Vehicle back to 🇨🇦. 
It costs them over 5k! 
Surely the US border guards MUST have to give an actual reason. Can these people sue CPB for expenses?
  2. @u.s.reclandllc9142: 1.18 ACRES ALFORD, FL UNDER $8500!!
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AfdiJy2nCaI
  3. @ankitaahuja111: We are Canadian and our kid was born in USA and will be dual citizen, can we come as visitor and my kiddo can study in US schools? Thanks!
  4. @barrykrebs8180: Canadians who are also US citizens and perhaps LPR living in Canada with tangible ties to America can stay as long as they want.  The rules for stay do not apply.

- Why This Lifelong Snowbird Finally Said Enough Is Enough: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, welcome back. So, we've been hearing a lot of reports from the US lately saying that the snowbird season is going to be just fine. That Canadians will cave once the cold weather hits and that we just won't be able to resist the warm weather in the US. Well, today I wanted to share a discussion I have with a Canadian snowbird, someone who's gone to Arizona for the past 12 years. And he saw the writing on the wall, decided to pack up and leave for good. So, you're going to hear first-hand from a Canadian snowbird his reasonings for leaving and the economic impact he had on the state of Arizona over the years. Today's backdrop comes from my mom. It's a photo from her Eastern Canada trip that they did in late September. Yeah, I think it was September. I'll definitely have more photos to share from her in the future. Thanks again, Mom, for sending these over. All right, let's get started with the interview with one of our Canadian snowbird viewers. And I'll be referring to him as D. All right, so thank you very much for meeting me. I'll refer to you as D. And you sent me an email which I was actually really intrigued on because I've been doing a lot of snowbird videos lately and obviously it's snowbird season and your email that you sent to me aligns with the fact that a lot of snowbirds aren't going down. So, before we start, can you give me a basic introduction of yourself and you know, where you're from, what your background is? Yeah, I'm retired. I'm from Toronto. And I started going to Arizona in 2013. For start off for short periods of time and then I would it got longer and I was renting and after after a while I met some friends down there and they talked me into buying cuz it's nice to walk into your place and you're there the bed's made and the sheets are on the bed and your clothes are there and that kind of thing. Yeah. So, I did that and I mean I was I was very lucky to be able to do that. You know, it's a it's a real privilege to be able in in retirement to be able to to have the have the means and the resources. I'm not a wealthy guy by any means, but I'm pretty lucky that I could could do something like that. So, yeah, that's pretty much how it happened and then uh I just ended up there and it's a long drive to Arizona from Toronto. It's it's uh four four four long days. Really with one really long day, like a 14-hour day, 15-hour day in there. Or 5 days, it's not quite as bad. I started flying down. I I would travel down with my cats in the car and uh it's like days in the car for them and me and I just I would get there and I'd be too tired when I got there. It's a long drive. I mean, I guess I guess it's easier to the purpose for driving would be to have your vehicle there while you're Um so, you mentioned you've been going to Arizona since 2013 and you know, when you bought a place there. When was that moment that you kind of felt that something was off and you know, it's was it before Trump's first term or was it after or when did I guess when did it start feeling off for you in the US? Well, curiously enough it was when I was driving home when in 2015 before the election and he there was that debate that he did with Hillary Hillary Clinton and it was on it was on CNN radio and I was listening to it and I was driving home with a buddy and we were just we were just rolling our eyes. We couldn't believe what we were hearing. And that's when that's was that's when the coin first dropped for me and I sort of kept I kept tabs on it after that and and then when he won the election, I actually I actually had a reservation that I canceled cuz I was too concerned that there was going to be trouble and violence. I think I was just a bit ahead of the curve on that one and that did that didn't happen. But I I thought that for sure and I still think that there's a good chance that there's going to be some civil unrest there. So, that's kind of how it started. Um you did mention in your email that there was a lot of like what I guess when COVID started within the area that you were staying, there was a lot of I guess COVID denial, mask harassment and things like that. Did that start to escalate when you were down there? No, I never saw it escalate directly. I was not a I was not part of that escalation, but it I know that where where I where we where we are our snowbirds and and for the most part, I mean there I'm sure there are um left-leaning and right-leaning people down there and that that's the thing that that's a conversation you never have with an American citizen is anything about that. And I had really good friends and I didn't want to jeopardize my relationship with them. I that conversation never never ever came up and I never saw and they never acted in that way. I just heard about it, you know, again it was it was what we were getting fed during COVID by the by the mainstream media. Mhm. So, sounds like earlier, I mean you you did a lot of cross travel into Arizona or into the US whether it was by land or even air. You did mention offline that there was a few instances that you had with CBP and law enforcement. And you know, even yourself you have a Nexus card, right? So, what were kind of some of the incidents that may have happened to you over the years since 2013? The most interesting one is to do with the they have US border protection which is I think just a subdivision of Homeland Security and CBP. They have these Quonset huts that are in the middle of the middle of the desert like a stop a permanent stop set up over the interstates. So, you pull in there and there's guys in there and agents in there and you they talk to you and they they're basically profiling if you're Latino or not and these Quonset huts are down near the Mexican border. So, they're basically protecting the the main interstates that gets you out of Southern Arizona. There's a really large one Tubac on I-19 which goes from Nogales to Tucson and it's really really big place with heavy truck traffic and stuff. And I was told that you go through there, you line up and you go through and they most of the time they just wave you through if you're physically if you're not Latino. They just wave you through and that was that was always the case. And then one year at Christmas time I got in the car Christmas morning, I got in the car and I drove out out west along one of these roads that would you know, be access road for for people coming into the country. It's a main main east-west highway. It's not an interstate, but it's a main highway and there was a there was a guard station there. And I saw it and I said, "Oh jeez, I you know, okay, fine." I I was just just just went for a drive. Went out to the national monuments Organ Pipe Cactus National Monument and nosed around there in Christmas morning and then I came back and I knew I was going to be stopped by this guy. They didn't stop me on the way through, they stopped me on the way back. I'm driving a rental car and he says, "Are you a US citizen?" And I said, "No, actually I'm Canadian." He goes, "Can I see your passport, please?" And I was told that you never need your never needed your passport at these at these checkpoints internally. Nobody is I was never asked at Tubac for a passport ever ever. And but this guy asked for my passport. I said, "Well, jeez, I don't have one." I have I have my Ontario driver's license, I have my Ontario health card and I have some ID, but I don't have my passport. And he he's kind of made a fuss and he and he he took it and he shook his head and he handed my ID back to me and he said um "Next time you pass through this this checkpoint, you have your passport with you or you're going to have a really long day." And this was in 2015. You know, this is a long time ago and here these guys were even they're bugging bugging people who are legally in the country through their own devices and their own immigration system and they're asking for passports. And I I know you've said and I've heard other people that there are people who carry ID cards and passports around with them all the time, US citizens because this is what can happen down You mentioned this is back in 2015, so That's right, long time ago. >> even even before Trump was in his first term, so >> Correct. Right now, it's definitely even worse where I like if I ever had to go to the US, I would be carrying my passport, all of my IDs on me at all times, but it's just more of the fact that I'm mind-boggled that it's gotten to that point where everybody including even US citizens have to start carrying their IDs everywhere they go now, so. Yeah, and I don't know if I don't know if I saw it on your show or I just saw it if you could go across the US border, you make sure you got you got a Canadian consulate phone number on a piece of paper in your pocket, not just on your phone because if you get detained and you need to make a call, you have a piece of you still have that phone number. I think it was actually actually that that wasn't you, it was um it was somebody who worked for external they don't call it external affairs anymore, foreign affairs. And they worked for foreign affairs and they said, "You be be certain you have some way to contact the Canadian embassy. Do not travel without that information on your person. Yeah, it's definitely good to have that. Not on your phone. Definitely good to have the contact information of consulate and And they were emphatic about that. You mentioned also as well in your email that you know, you've already prepared your escape plan from Arizona and you believe that there is possibly going to be civil unrest or you know things are just not going to get better. Mhm. What was that moment that you knew that hey I'm done and I'm I'm going to pack up and and leave? It was last year when we were in Spain. We we went to Spain last year cuz that's something that I've always wanted to do and it's kind of hard to do when you're already paying for a place to go to you know like we had down there. By the way we just decided to bite the bullet and pay you know pay again to go to a different place. And we were in Spain and the whole stuff hit there in February about tariffs and 51st state and that was kind of kind of it. Right then and there. I had had thoughts before that when the government Trump administration showed up or got got power. I had these these thoughts that these guys are pretty sinister. I I bought and sold down there and there are very different rules about foreign nationals owning property down there and it's not doesn't work at all like it does here. Some of them are doesn't don't make any sense to us but I mean hey it's it's the it's their country and they run it like that. Yeah. But one of the things that they can do and they tax capital gains when you when you sell. I knew I was going to pay capital gains tax on a place that I I had sold. Sure enough I did and it wasn't that horrible but it got me to thinking there's nothing stopping these guys from changing the way they tax foreign nationals on real property. Right. So you know you're you're you're paying it was it was it was really not very much money the capital gains tax. I can't even remember what it was. It was one or two percent. It was really really small cuz it was way less than Canada. That's for sure. So you know there's nothing I was at in Spain there was a buddy of mine he was he was an accountant from Toronto. And he said um I was thinking you know these guys could just willy-nilly just change the rules about foreign nationals. They need money. They don't have they're in trouble with the way the the way the money's going in the government in the United States and they're going to take any chance to increase that revenue and if they can get some political capital out of it they're going to do that too. Yeah. So I don't think there's any reason that they would not increase taxes on sales of foreign nationals property to 50% 75 100%. What's what's going to stop them? They could make Trump could do that tomorrow in an executive order. Yeah. All that has to happen is for one of one of his his goons to to to realize that Stephen Miller to figure this out and away away we go it's game on. Yep. And then so the property that I had at the time I was going to tax be taxed you know at that at 75%. I don't I'm not talking 75% on gains. I'm talking 75% on sale. Mhm. So you'd lose all your money and I thought no I'm I'm I'm getting out of here. This is enough. Yeah. That's actually a good point because obviously like every day that comes up or every day that goes by there there's some sort of executive order there's something else that goes on that has just been drastically changed like I'm going to be creating a video on a proposal that they want to end dual citizenship. You brought up a really good point because I think it's very unpredictable if there are snowbirds that are thinking of selling who may just be kind of dragging along. You just don't know if your taxes is going to be higher the next week right? So I think you did a smart choice just by getting out and things are before I guess maybe hits the fan when it comes to that right? Yeah. I mean I was early on the on the draw. My buddy was trying to get me to hang on. He says you know it's going to things are going to get bad he says for sure. He says but just hang on you know they'll dig a they'll dig themselves into a hole and then you'll it'll be clearer and clearer and I thought no no. And then he said you know one day you're going to wake up and you realize that you're a genius. Maybe because I'm in the tech industry I'm always thinking about like possible like scenarios that might go bad or stuff like that but it would just be something I don't want to risk until the last minute or if it happens then I don't want to be freaking out trying to figure out what I'm going to do right? >> No no. but one other thing is well I mean you did mention you have some friends and colleagues down there. Like what's the what's the sentiment within your snowbird community? Is it are they following the same path as you you know getting out of the US or are they still going to stick it through and see what happens? No. I we have some had some wonderful friends from from Canada there. Most of them are from the west Alberta cuz the drive is shorter straight just just straight shot south from Alberta to Arizona. It's still a long way because they're so far north. It's still a good three days but no they're they're it's not on their radar screen and I don't know why. I mean they're these are smart people good people really you know passionate Canadians but they're that's not their thing. They're they're not really worried about it. You know like you always saying can't make their minds up for them each to their own and I hope they're making the right choice for me it was time boy get out now. >> No I mean your story I mean I do get a lot of emails from snowbirds as well just telling me that hey you know we we've sold our place and we're done as well. Even so a lot of people in Florida as well they've messaged me saying that you know my my mom has sold her place or you know we've decided that going to sell and we're going to buy another place somewhere else right? So >> Mhm. Right. Yeah. I mean like like I said before I mean if people want to stay that's up to them and what I what I think though is that I think the US media is really downplaying the actual effect of the snowbirds leaving right? Because I I did a report on I don't know what it I think it was an Arizona snowbird organization somehow right? Or some in some matter but the CEO I really didn't like how he was trying to say that you know the Canadian snowbirds once it gets cold in Canada they'll cave and they'll go back to Arizona. And As for surveys which show Canadians protesting a trip to the US Williams believes once the weather really starts to turn They'll make a statement for a while and then they'll get in the middle of winter and then quietly get on a plane to go down the the next day. For me with all the feedback that I'm getting I mean I feel that wasn't a good representation of what's actually happening right? So and with your story and and your scenario and situation right now it proves that hey not all Canadians are actually going back so You you know I mean I I heard that guy I saw that that interview that you did. >> Yeah well what's your thoughts on that? I mean he's talking directly to you right? So Yeah. Well see I've heard that before and I I heard it when I was trying to sell my house and and it was to do with or rent my if I was trying to rent the the unit like last year and the realtors all say you know what happens it's it's very very common apparently that you know things are going along there's people who rent way in advance and it's hard to find a place and then there's a bunch a whole bunch of time where you know in in November and then even in December where there's places available and then a big snowstorm hits somewhere in Canada and then all the rental places just start to disappear. So there is I think there is some evidence that that does happen that they when the weather changes that the snowbirds start looking for the to rent. That's that's old information you know that's that's not the way it's going to work now and to me that equates exactly to the people keep on talking oh the midterms are going to be just you know the midterms Republicans are going to be destroyed in the midterms. There's not going to be any midterms. Are you kidding? The rules aren't the same anymore. I mean that might be a bit of an overstatement but the the rules are the rules are different and the reason in my opinion is you know if the Democrats come to power in the in the house and in the Senate the first thing they're going to do is impeach people. And they can't allow that to happen. So I don't think there's any chance there's going to be a free and fair election at the midterms but that's just my own my my own thing. If if I was a guy who like to place bets in Vegas I'd go and I'd bet some money on that one. Yeah. You brought up a good point because I sounds like you and I are aligned in terms of how the US media and even like the businesses travel industry experts they've always said that oh you know we've gone through this before and you know we'll we'll ride it through everything will get back to normal right? But I feel that 2025 is a completely different scenario that has never been experienced in the past before right? Because we've never had a scenario in the past where the boycott is led by the citizens and not mandated by the government. It's just a lot of Canadians and even international travelers that are just pissed off and they don't want to go right? So I feel a lot of these tourism experts who feel that yeah we'll ride this through everything will get back to back to normal. It it's different in 2025 right? I mean There's no questions. It's totally different. Yeah. I I mean I used to go to the US a lot. I mean I went to Vegas quite a bit. I went to California quite a bit and even Hawaii. Those were my three areas I used to go to frequently but for me my mentality and even my feeling right now is that I I don't want to go right? And No. it's sad because I I've said on my channel I got family and friends in the US. I actually got quite a few friends in Hawaii which I really want to go back to and visit them but I I just can't do it. It would go against my values right? So I'm not I'm not alone on this. And for the tourism experts just to say you know you guys will be back you know you'll you'll you'll cave. It it is a bit of an insult, right? Because I mean it they're kind of undermining what our values are just to just to say that, you know, "Oh, you guys will be back." And that that, you know, that kind of pisses me off, so. It's a It's a lack of of awareness and and the and what they go they assume what's normal, what's been happening is normal and it will happen again. This is forever changed. This is not going to be the same ever. Like you say, this is this is a genera- generational thing. I don't see how this is ever going to get fixed though um the rest of my life. Yeah, I mean even for me as well. I mean I'm mid-40s right now, but for the rest of my life I'm always going to remember 2025, so. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, one of the things though that you you the point you made there about your friends um um going down visiting your friends, that's a was a really difficult consideration in selling. Um we we both um my partner and I had um we have we had wonderful community down there. We've been established for a long time. And I had more friends down uh there than I do at home. And uh it was a very very difficult thing to leave them uh and uh it was a real it was a real grieving process that was attached to it. It was a choice to leave and but it was a choice that we had to make. But boy, it was so difficult and and like now, just like when you grieve when you lose somebody, you know, at Christmas time you the anniversaries the the it stings every time an anniversary comes up a birthday, Christmas, whatever. >> Yeah. We would have uh Thanks- We would always go to somebody's house for uh Thanksgiving, US Thanksgiving. In fact, I went to two different places on two different days down there and you know, we did a FaceTime call and I just felt I felt like I was I was an outsider. Right. Are your like your friends in Arizona, are they United or US citizens or are they also Canadians that are flying down? There's both. I We have a lot of US The group I'm talking about right now, we do the the US Thanksgiving with our our US citizens. That's a That's quite a crowd we we had. >> Do they understand though? Do they understand why you're not going? No. No, they don't. And and I've never I've never explained it to them. And I didn't want to again, it's so sensitive. I didn't want to jeopardize the the any relationship I had with them. So, I told them the reason I was going is that the the some of the things that, you know, the exchange rate. Like now is a good time to sell cuz the dollar was um is so low that um so I was I was I was going to make 15% on exchange rate alone on based on the amount of money I paid to buy the place. Yeah. And the price had uh had um my little place had tripled. And uh you know, so I I just said that and I said that the fixed costs are rising too much and those are the excuses I used and and then I would say at the end, you know, but there's there's more to it. There's the the political stuff that's really disturbing and but I never I don't I didn't tell them that the primary motivation was uh the political stuff and the the concern for my safety crossing the border. Yeah. It It's interesting how some in the US, I mean I think most that are watching my channel understand, but I I also had this When I did an interview with R, one of my first interviews, he actually mentioned somewhat of this some of the same thing where the people around him really didn't understand and they didn't understand what the big deal was, right? So. No, they don't. Yeah, I'm I'm not I'll be honest, I'm not surprised that they don't understand, but you know, at the same time as well, I think us as Canadians, we we know the reasons and you know, we stick into our values, so. Mhm. I want to I want to move move over to I mean you've been there since 2013 and obviously you're you're there every winter and you spend a lot of money. I do want to kind of go into the economic side of what, you know, how much how much do you spend how what you do with the restaurants and or how much you spend at the restaurants attractions, golf and things like that. So, what is Arizona losing by you moving away? Well, I'm not a high roller there and they're losing about 30 grand for me. Oh, wow. And that's um uh the place where we stay that's it's managed by a homeowners association, an HOA. And we pay a uh set fee to them and it's it's pretty high, but they take care of everything. So, uh they take care of heating and cooling, they take care of exterior, they take care of you know, bug control and all that stuff, the gardens, the roads. They take care of all that stuff. So, that's pretty high. So, that's about 10 grand a year right there. Yeah. And then and then there's the, you know, the day-to-day living of groceries and uh we belong to a couple of um uh wonderful uh institutions down there, museums and galleries and stuff. So, we we we were members down there and support the galleries and that's gone. Dining out is gone. Traveling around and about to staying overnight uh taking the taking a little drive up to the Grand Canyon, which is a fair ways away from where we are, but you go up there for two or three nights and you know, you're in you're into two or three grand right off the bat. You know, I had a car and uh so I'm paying insurance, I'm paying housing tax. Yeah, it's it's a it's a it's a pretty big chunk of dough. Yeah, I mean you you mentioned 30,000. It adds up, right? I mean for you and your partner, you know, 30,000 and then if you multiply that by how many thousands of people are not going to the US. Mhm. It does add up very quickly, so. Yeah, and and like I said, I'm I'm a I'm I'm not a big player in this. There are people that have way more stuff tied up and spend way more money than I do. So, uh but you're right. Like I I mean I know I know uh 20 Canadians down there, you know, there's 600 grand. If they're spend- They're spending more than me, I guarantee you. Mhm. Yeah. Okay. Well, I mean one of the things I I I wanted to get your opinion on it because we hear a lot on the US news reports, but I mean we do see that, you know, businesses are struggling and things like that, but hearing from you and the actual numbers and what you used to spend on, I mean it I think it gives the audience a more of an impact of you know, where your money was going when you were living there and what they're not getting anymore. So, I think for the audience you just got to realize this is just one snowbird and you multiply that by thousands that are not going anymore. It is definitely making an impact in the US right now, so. There's no question. So, I I guess moving on and and also in closing, I mean you've sold your place, you're you're done with the US. What what's the next step for you or where's the next destination for you? Well, we like I said, we I had always wanted to go to Spain and we did that last year. Uh and that we made that decision before we decided to sell. And uh we had a fantastic time in Spain and um it was wonderful wonderful people. We go to the one of the Costa del Sol um sort of near near Malaga around Malaga and Gibraltar down that way. Friend of ours um they've been going there for a long time. And they knew the ropes and they kind of showed us the pathway down there and then we developed a community very quickly down there and that really helped not replace, but help accept the damage the losses of our of our great friends in the in the US. We have a different community to travel to. Yeah. So, Spain is Spain is where we're we're going. The restaurants there are about the same price as US restaurants, Canadian restaurants in Toronto, you know, they're you know, it's it's about the same. It's not not inexpensive. But what is not expensive is groceries. Um groceries are about a third of what I we're playing paying in the United States. Mhm. And and Canada Canada, we're paying we're paying a third more than US uh uh groceries based on the exchange rate alone. So, you know, you a dollar 99 for an apple uh or pound of apples or whatever here is a dollar 99 down there, but it's not a dollar 99. It's, you know, it's dollar 99 plus plus plus. Yeah. And uh so so there's a that that overage there. And then uh Spain is as is it in euros and it's it's really easy to figure out how much you're how much how inexpensive food and especially wine wine is in Spain. Uh You know, the groceries are healthier, too, so. They They're They are. They're very The food is absolutely fantastic. I don't know what they do to their bread in Spain, but man, it's the some of the best bread I've ever had in my life. And the vegetables are fresh and it's really it's the food's fantastic. So, that's that's been an important part of of what we do. And then there's just the the remarkable history of the of the Spanish people and um the you know, it's interesting to read about them and their their bout with fascism uh you know, in the 20th century with uh uh Francisco Franco and um how the how the country just devolved into this fascist state and now it's back. So, it's it's really young because in 19 there he only died in the late '70s. So, I mean that's only 40 years ago for 50 years ago. And they're a new country 50 years ago. Yeah. So, it's kind of interesting to to be be seeing what's going on there and seeing how they how they manage things. And and like I said, it's Spain. Yeah, and I think it's also more for peace of mind as well, right? So, I mean if you if you continue in the US, there's always going to be this thing in your back of mind, but you know, going to a new country for your winters that really doesn't have the unrest that's going on in the US right now. I think peace of mind is the most valuable thing. I mean, if I was in your shoes, it would be the peace of mind for me, so. Yeah, that that's for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Well, it sounds like Spain might be your new destination for the winter, right? It is for is for the time being, yeah. A buddy of mine has been going to Portugal as long as I've been going to Spain, so he knows the ropes there. That may be another another place to go and the United States is just not on the radar at all. Well, this has been very helpful. I mean, like what like I said, I mean, I've wanted to get opinion from a snowbird on my channel and that way it kind of shows the facts from an actual snowbird versus just hearing what the US or even Canadian media states, right? So, Yeah. I want to thank you for sharing your story. Before we end the call, is there anything else that you wanted to mention or let the audience know? No, that's that's great. I I really enjoy your channel and I enjoy Klaus Kellerman's channel and Charlie Angus and House of Elvis. It's It's the best news that I can most reliable news that I can find on on the internet. I certainly can't trust mainstream media. The CBC somewhat, but certainly not American media, so well, I I I thank you for for stepping into that into that gap. You and you and those guys, it's really it's really great that you can do that. I appreciate I'll be honest with you, I have no idea what I'm doing. I'm just I I mean, my channel started because I I really hated the US media not stating the 51st rhetoric, right? So, that's really how my channel started and I decided one day, hey, I'm going to upload a video and see what happens, right? So, Yeah, really appreciate it. Well, thank you very much and you know, I appreciate you sharing your story as well and I do hope that your story does give some snowbirds who may have been on the fence, you know, an idea that, hey, maybe it might be time to sell, right? Because you did bring up a really good point is that whatever the capital gains tax percentage is right now, that could change overnight and there's nothing you can do about it, right? So, I I didn't think about that and you know, with all the executive orders that Trump is throwing out, you just never know if the next morning it'll be like, you know, foreigners, you got to pay 100% now, right? And you know, for any snowbirds thinking of selling, you you might be caught with your tail between your legs, so. Yeah, I I I I would I would I would consider it wise to not be have any real estate assets assets in the United States right now if you don't have to. If you're Canadian, wouldn't do it. >> Sure. Yeah. For sure. Well, thank you very much, Mr. D and I will definitely keep in touch with you. I want to hear how your keep in touch with me. I want to hear how Spain goes for you and you know, I think maybe we could do like a follow-up video later once you've all you know, settled down and completely free from Actually, you're completely free from the US right now. You already sold and you're not going anywhere, right? >> yeah, I'm free and clear. Yeah. Nice, good to hear. Good to hear. So, yeah, let let's keep in touch and you know, once you're if you do settle in on a more permanent basis in Spain or wherever it is, let me know and I'll be happy to do a follow-up video with you. Will do. Thanks very much, GTL. Much appreciated. Thank you very much and thank you for supporting my channel as well. Right, okay, bye. [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @GuardTheLeaf [50 likes]: Are you a snowbird who has decided you're done with the United States?  Reach out to me, would love to have a chat with you.

Like and subscribe for more updates, or support the channel by becoming a member here:
👉 https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCzurQNk_ywERLGBzkcDjWRA/join
  2. @roberttai646 [2 likes]: I'm a naturalized US citizen. Have been since I was a child. When Trump  was first elected, I started carrying my passport with me along with a photo of my naturalization papers. I live in Australia now.
  3. @gratefulmedhead9816 [1 likes]: Thanks
  4. @NicoleBedard-k9s [1 likes]: It must be hard for the snowbirds to just drop their visits to the USA and liquidating their assets almost overnight because of the drastic change of atmosphere that Trump's silly immigration and border control policies have caused. But it mostly escalated from the threat of annexation he had the gall to suggest. Canada is NOT FOR SALE! But many Canadians have no qualms about selling their American properties. This is how strongly we feel about Canada and how far we will go to protect it. 🇨🇦
  5. @NicoleBedard-k9s [1 likes]: Your Mom's photos are always so amazing. Love them!
  6. @GolfProVR [1 likes]: 5 years ago, I was undergoing a move to USA as an exec with JP Morgan, then COVID delayed things and allowed me to visit/live in NYC, Delaware, San Fran, Dallas, and Tampa . I settled on Tampa, but decided to stay in Bradenton for a week to get a non-tourist feel for the real America.  My US colleagues and even the corporate moving firm and liaisons all asked why the heck I would move from a top tier country. They literally cautioned me that America is NOT what most people think it is from TV/movies.  They told me they wished they could migrate to my country instead.  Thank the lord for some honest Americans that opened up my eyes on the reality of America or else would've been biggest mistake in my life.  I saw racism, poverty, crime, garbage, disrespect, neglect, violence, and awful social support amongst many other reasons why the US kinda sucks.  If you are wealthy, America has secluded pockets of nice communities surrounded by the aforementioned.  Glad I stayed here in Canada seeing DJT's current America.
  7. @carstenweiland7896: Greetings from Barcelona!
  8. @nbahn: Michigander here.
Trust me, I understand exactly where you're coming from in terms of Trump's rhetoric.
  9. @terribeingessner8636: On replay to catchup after finding your Channel.  Great interview.  I sold everything in 2016, quit buying anything with US on the label and I am with you and Mr. D, I will NEVER CROSS THE US Border EVER AGAIN.  Half my family is US, however,  since 2016, I have broken away bc they are EXTEME MAGA.  Stick a fork in me, DONE.  Tell Mr. D.  I approve his choice of embracing Spain or Portugal.  Try Iceland, AMAZING. Plus flying Icelandic Air saves 2 hrs flying time and KEF is a hubb to ALL EUROPEAN destinations  FANTASTIC AIRLINE.  Happy New Year to you and your family.
  10. @sylviannecoquet4702: It 's more that you can't push Canada around anymore!
  11. @sylviannecoquet4702: Trump said when he slapped a 25 percent tariff on us, Canada can't do anything about it! Surprise, Canada is doing something about it! We've banned your alcohol, we refuse to visit your country. Never will i set foot in the U.S.A.
  12. @David_W2: I last travelled to a US jurisdiction in 2013 to attend the wedding of adopted cousin.  There’s been no reason for me to visit a US state, territory or Washington, DC since then.
  13. @ane-louisestampe7939: USians don't know it can be about anything but money 😒
The country run on greed 🙄

Magaes are turning their backs on him bc of their private economy is in chatters. Not ethics 🤬
  14. @laveritesurlestemoinsdejeh8522: I lived in the Costa del Sol for 5 years when I was a teen, as a matter of fact in the Málaga area, about 50km east in a small village called Nerja. I now go back every winter for at least 3 weeks, usually a month. D is absolutely right about the lower prices of groceries. It's really quite remarkable. And restaurants may be about the same price as in Canada, but the food they serve is SO much better! Fresh seafood every day all along the coast. I heartily recommend southern Spain for winter stays. Also, winter is the "off" season over there, so there's always tables at restaurants terasses, etc. And everything is cheaper than in the summer.
  15. @njanzen1: Canadian here, i will NEVER goto the USA again, i don't even want to goto Mexico as you have to fly over the US to get there
  16. @americavasconez3109: Dear Guard The Leaf. Your conversation with the Canadian ex- Snow bird 🐦. It gives peace of mind for my stand off on traveling to the US were my only son moved to for business. But I'm 80 years old, during my working life I work from Canada with  companies in the US,  travel very often and actually in the 1980's was evident that 🇨🇦 was taken a "cheap supplier" of all their needs and wanting to  impose their labor-rates in our companies. 
It took 50 years of fighting every time the so call "free traid" that the conservative government at the time charming the US government imposed in canadians. It's then tha the total desintegration of canadian  manufacturing processes began and ended the is steel, copper and lumber processes in canadian row materials passed to the total domain of the US and here we are today.
  17. @maryleslie4406: Great content. Very informative. 
I’m an American and I am very upset about the state of our country. I cannot believe what has happened. 
I would love to relocate to Canada but it doesn’t seem to be possible since I’m a 71 yo retired woman. 
I’ll m very proud of your PM — Mr Carney! What an honorable man!
Take care and continue to remain strong for your country.
  18. @Jay-vr9ir: Canadians were never welcomed in the U.S. ,we were tolerated .
  19. @brigittescott2438: I ❤ Canadians. 40 years ago in an orphanage in Zimbabwe there was a Canadian young woman living in the home in a little flat let up by our dormitories. I loved her very much she saved my feet from many floggings by the teachers. I’d knock on her door and ask if I could sit with her for a bit she used to let me sit with her. It stopped the teachers flogging my feet for being white, stupid ugly pink demon spawn that sold them as slaves and stole their land. I never told Karen that I wanted to stay with her because they wanted to beat me. When she stopped opening her door I had to go back to hiding from the teachers. They caught me 5 times to be fair 2 of those 5 times I was fast asleep when they woke me in the middle of the night and tied me to Gloria’s bed to hit the soles of my feet.  Because my skin would bruise but my shoes would hide their punishments. Karen you gave me a calm safe place to sit and I’m forever grateful for the last walk and the pep talk you gave me. And the polar bear.  Thank you for being a good person to me in that dark time of my life. Mrs Pearson ran the joint.
  20. @francoischarbonneau9447: Who the hell in their right mind would want to visit a fascists country?🤨

- Boys in love🌈I save and take care of a SSS-level monster, but now he is expecting a baby with me: Kind: captions Language: en-US Chapter 1 The First Patient [Name Qi Xinghan Age 26 years old Occupation Star Condition Cotard Syndrome Symptoms Severe delusions believing that he is already dead and decaying Only his corpse maintains daily life No apparent aggressive behavior Contact Information 133XXXX2398 Address Floor 38 Kerong Tower No 136 Yuanhua District ] This was the first piece of data that Mu Shui had received at the Jinshui City Institute for Special Pathology Research Sitting opposite Mu Shui was a man in a suit spinning slowly on his swivel l chair while locking eyes with Mu Shui Despite having a rather sarcastic face the man tried to speak gently to Mu Shui Doctor Mu this is your first patient On October 13th he displayed a certain degree of aggression His delusions have worsened further He believes that the people around him m are obstacles to his soul entering heaven "......"he wants to kill them The suited man paused here exhaling heavily as if trying to o disperse an unsettling feeling from his heart He then continued Because of his special identity before he commits any criminal acts we can only monitor him instead of arresting him You will go meet him under r the new guardian's identity If possible please try to treat him Mu Shui closed the folder in his hand smiled revealing a dimple on his left cheek He said Alright Mu Shui studied at a prestigious university in the Department of Religious Studies but later switched to Psychology studying under a renowned psychology expert This year just after graduating he was introduced by his mentor to o this institution for an internship and thus he obtained this set of information This was his first independently handled patient With great solemnity Mu Shui arrived at the No 136 Kerong Tower in Yuanhua District Then he took off his backpack hugged it to his chest squatted down in front of the security gate and began waiting It couldn't be helped The security guard wouldn’t let him inside While squatting Mu Shui wasn't idle He took out his smartphone—a second-hand one long overdue e for retirement—where the 4G network flickered intermittently In the search bar he typed Qi Xinghan and quickly a flood of related d reports appeared in the browser Qi Xinghan Wins Another Award Sets New Milestone in Entertainment Industry 818 Actresses Who Climbed to Fame by Leeching Off Qi Xinghan's Popularity Tao Tie Entertainment Hosts Victory Banquet for Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan the Supreme Glory of China's Entertainment Circle Glancing through these Mu Shui finally remembered why the e name Qi Xinghan sounded so familiar His university roommate used to constantly chatter about this person One would say For Qi Xinghan I'd be willing to become gay Another would respond What's so good about Qi Xinghan I chased three girls all three were obsessed fans of his They would hold his pictures up every y day and ask me whether they looked good and I’m straight how can I judge the beauty of a guy Mu Shui was a textbook nerd; he never paid attention to the entertainment circle Even television dramas movies or variety shows he completely avoided watching He thought about it decided to label this individual as a Superstar Mu Shui waited four full hours getting up when his legs went numb and squatting again after standing too long By the time four hours passed he had memorized everything—even what color underwear Qi i Xinghan preferred and what types of sleeping companions he liked Finally at exactly 10 18 PM when Mu Shui was practically y squatting himself into a mushroom shape a black stretched sedan pulled d to a stop below the building Qi Xinghan was currently the hottest superstar For three consecutive years he won the Best Actor award and in the fourth year he started receiving international accolades From music awards to acting prizes he swiftly became a legend in the industry To him being a top-tier star no longer r carried negative connotations Inside the black stretched sedan The agent sitting in the passenger seat turned around to look back at Qi Xinghan his expression filled with deep emotion He had an impeccable face and physique exquisite acting skills and an appealing voice combined with innate talent for drawing fans As long as he wanted to do something well he always managed to succeed If… only he weren't mentally ill things would be even better The agent rubbed his forehead and then asked aloud Shall I accompany you upstairs No need the man's voice came soothing and mesmerizing After he finished speaking he pushed the car door open and stepped out The agent followed closely behind but only to order hot drinks and takeout for r the entertainment reporters crouching nearby Qi Xinghan had extremely y high standards for himself always striving for r perfection in everything he did and the agent was deeply influenced by this The agent never got into conflicts with the reporters; ; during such cold weather when they were stationed outside he even went out of his way to o order them a meal from FuYaXuan Qi Xinghan walked towards the building while the agent successfully y restrained all the reporters with gentle means In the blink of an eye they arrived at the entrance Mu Shui suddenly stood up legs numb and shaking g before stabilizing his figure Hello Mr Qi Qi Xinghan briefly glanced at him adjusting his mask slightly Look for Guo Yong Guo Yong was the name of the agent He mistook Mu Shui for a rookie entertainment reporter just starting their job Mu Shui extended his arm to block him I'm here to see you His voice trembled as he finished speaking Stepping in front of the man Mu Shui realized how tall he truly was Was it 185 centimeters or 190 In any case dressed in a black suit under the night sky the man seemed like a colossal dark monster casting a shadow over Mu Shui There was an invisible sense of pressure Mu Shui felt a bit nervous At school he mostly dealt with classmates and mentors rarely encountering actual case samples Suddenly facing such an unfamiliar patient he momentarily became tongue-tied Qi Xinghan obviously found scenes like this familiar With a detached tone he asked Do you want an autograph or a photo Or do you want to sleep with me No autograph no photo and I don't want to sleep with you Mu Shui blurted it all out following up with two deep breaths realizing that his heart t gradually returned to normal To facilitate conversation he adjusted the scarf covering his face smiled at the other party as friendly as possible Starting today I'll be your guardian Qi Xinghan's gaze paused After lowering the scarf he realized the person was a slightly green youth with features as clear and pure as s water—soft yet strikingly handsome There were even dimples on his cheeks When he smiled those dimples looked as if f filled with sweet fermented rice wine intoxicating and sweet Staring at those dimples he glanced a few more times s before turning his head away His mind seemed frozen for a moment taking quite a while to slowly recall someone e mentioning that someone would come to serve as his guardian My name is Mu Shui Mu Shui quickly introduced himself I graduated from Huada University studying under Professor Chen Zhiyuan After explaining Mu Shui pulled out his diploma a and ID card from his small backpack I'm not a fraud Qi Xinghan naturally took a quick glance The photo on the ID card looked a little dumb resembling a lost small animal Conversely the diploma photo showed Mu u Shui wearing a graduation gown with a cap smiling softly and the dimples on his cheeks charming… A wave of beauty and softness seemed to break through the photo coming straight at him Hmm Qi Xinghan finally responded Mu Shui breathed a sigh of relief then neatly put away the certificates adjusted his bag strap while lowering his head His backpack was hard to use its straps often loosening making it drop down—he looked from afar r like a primary schooler carrying a schoolbag Qi Xinghan glanced down at the whirl on the top of Mu Shui’s head and said Let's go upstairs Alright Mu Shui immediately followed Qi Xinghan swiped his card to enter the access-controlled door of the building with Mu Shui trailing close behind Back in the car agent Guo Yong wiped sweat t from his forehead and muttered We really need to find him a doctor Qi Xinghan lived in a place where two floors were combined with a direct elevator entry Altogether it covered about three to o four hundred square meters Because of the vast emptiness as soon as the door opened a chill rushed in directly finding its way down Mu Shui's neck Quickly pulling the scarf up Mu Shui wrapped himself even tighter Qi Xinghan took off his shoes from a cabinet and changed into slippers then headed straight to the sofa Mu Shui glanced at the cabinet carefully On one side were black slippers while the other side housed numerous white ones clearly intended for guests Carefully picking a pair of white slippers to change into Mu Shui then followed toward the couch However Qi Xinghan didn't sit down He turned his back to Mu u Shui and started undressing He loosened his tie took off his suit jacket and unbuttoned the top two buttons of f his dress shirt before turning around The face mask he had on earlier r seemed to have disappeared somewhere revealing a rather handsome face beneath His eyebrows arched elegantly his eyes gleamed like carnelian stones his nose stood straight and his lips blushed red His striking beauty was almost too much—it crossed into being breathtakingly gorgeous Mu Shui's mind immediately conjured up the online praises by fans about Qi Xinghan He is like a wandering child under the morning light; he walks swiftly in the wind with snowflakes s whispering through his words; he wears a silken robe that greets the spring breeze and a red jade麒麟 waistband… With his somewhat limited knowledge of literature Mu Shui tried to decipher their hyperbole He felt they were probably trying to say Qi Xinghan possessed a dazzling beauty that outshone even stained glass Gathering his thoughts Mu Shui looked directly into Qi Xinghan’s eyes Qi Xinghan was observing him Those eyes praised as shining stars by his fans now carried an almost numb coldness as they examined him …Unfortunately he has a mental illness Mu Shui thought But strangely he wasn’t scared anymore The less Qi Xinghan behaved like a normal person the calmer and more relaxed Mu Shui felt He'd been in this field for a long time now and professional discipline e had become ingrained in his mind When Qi Xinghan showed signs of abnormality it was Mu Shui’s duty to stay composed I am a good doctor I am a good doctor… Mu Shui silently repeated these words three times in his head before asking quietly Is there anything else you u would like to know from me What should I call you since you're my guardian Qi Xinghan asked calmly as if genuinely curious Huh Mu Shui was startled You could call him Doctor Mu But Mu Shui opened his mouth and hesitated—he found it embarrassing to say aloud This was actually his very first patient that he was handling alone so calling himself 'doctor' ' seemed overly pretentious Before Mu Shui could come up with an answer Qi Xinghan spoke again his voice tinged with slight confusion …Dad Mu Shui’s legs went weak and he nearly fell flat on his bottom Chapter 2 Indeed Sick "......"Ah Diagnosed Indeed sick Mu Shui touched the sofa and sat down However it was evident that Qi Xinghan's s relationship with his family was very distant Otherwise he wouldn’t have casually muttered d these two words so indifferently Qi Xinghan didn't dwell much on the issue of the title He looked at a door painted white and said That’s your room Alright thank you Mr Qi Mu Shui sighed in relief If Qi Xinghan hadn’t agreed to let him stay here he would've had to rent a place nearby But this was prime real estate; one could d only imagine how high the rent would be If there's nothing else Qi Xinghan shifted his steps s and walked in a certain direction That direction led to a door painted black with no extra decorations starkly contrasting against a snow-white wall creating an uncomfortable tension instinctively You’ve investigated me now it’s my turn to understand you Is it convenient for you Understand Qi Xinghan turned around slightly delayed looking at Mu Shui and softly asked How do you plan to understand Mu Shui pointed to the black door May I enter The living room lacked additional furnishings barren almost devoid of any personal items This wasn't helpful for observing Qi Xinghan’s personality and behavior patterns Mu Shui asked again cautiously Can I His pitch-black eyes seemed to o shimmer faintly with stars' light Qi Xinghan pursed his lips slightly Yes Such a cooperative patient was rarely seen anymore Mu Shui immediately relaxed considerably He followed Qi Xinghan as they approached the black door together The door was locked Qi Xinghan pressed his fingerprint onto it and with a ding the door automatically opened a crack No light emanated from within—it was pitch black like an endless abyss Qi Xinghan stayed still seemingly waiting for the guest to go in first Mu Shui extended a finger and nudged the door open without making a sound pushing it smoothly inward Mu Shui then stretched out another finger brushing against the walls carefully After feeling around for a while he couldn’t help but wonder Where’s the light switch There is no light Qi Xinghan said No light Mu Shui blinked Qi Xinghan lowered his gaze towards him his eyes still filled with h numbness and icy coldness He said Dead people why would they need light It’s just our shells that sustain daily life …Here we go Cotard Syndrome Severe delusion believing oneself to be already dead and decayed continuing everyday life through one’s body shell If not for meeting him in person Mu Shui would also find it hard to associate this person n with Cotard Syndrome and various reports of a superstar Mu Shui did not try to correct Qi Xinghan but instead discussed earnestly saying to him But I am alive I need light or I'll trip while walking Qi Xinghan fixed him with a stare for a moment I’ll install some tomorrow Truly cooperative So far he doesn't seem as s terrifying as the dean described Mu Shui thought silently He pulled out his second-hand smartphone and switched on the flashlight function A beam of light illuminated a small area in front of him Then Mu Shui discovered that the floor of f the bedroom was covered with black tiles Even wearing slippers he felt a chill upon stepping on them Mu Shui slowly entered and kept adjusting the angle of the phone light facilitating more thorough h observations of the entire room After circling around he realized there were no o tables or chairs in the room There was only a bed two meters wide No calling it a bed might even be inaccurate He glanced back at Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan still stood by the doorway never moving It was as if he had silently y stared at Mu Shui the entire time Mu Shui blinked in the darkness and asked May I touch it Qi Xinghan seemed not to enjoy talking much Or maybe he had already said too o much when facing the camera and after leaving the lens he preferred to remain silent conserving energy Only then did Mu Shui return his head carefully extending his hand to o feel the strange bed before him It was wood No sheets were spread no quilts or pillows placed Just a dark wooden box-like structure sitting right in the middle of the bedroom Mu Shui drew back his hand somewhat disappointed From inside to outside this place didn’t resemble a human residence He held up his phone again moving forward and spotting the curtains The curtains hung heavily blocking out all the light from outside Mu Shui raised his hand to pull them aside but couldn’t budge them with one tug Qi Xinghan watched Mu Shui struggle for a while before finally speaking in a low tone It’s remote-controlled …Oh Mu Shui obediently put his s phone away and began walking back Finished Qi Xinghan asked Yeah finished Mu Shui paused momentarily then suddenly thought of another issue He quickly raised his hand and asked Is there food in your fridge No Expected answer Then where can I buy groceries Mu Shui said seriously again stressing this point I am alive As if on cue his stomach let out an audible gurgle Someone will deliver food Well then Mu Shui sighed with relief At least he wouldn't starve At that moment Qi Xinghan's phone rang He picked it up with a detached expression Hello Mm Tomorrow at nine He responded briefly a few times then ended the call Mu Shui immediately questioned Work Yeah Can I go with you As your guardian I have to be by your side all the time Mu Shui reflected for a second and added I can pretend to be a little assistant Alright Just as the words fell the doorbell rang The food has arrived Qi Xinghan briefly stated I'll get it Mu Shui immediately turned d and jogged toward the door His backpack was still hanging off his shoulders without being dropped The straps had loosened slightly so the bag sagged down rhythmically tapping against him as he ran Like a primary school student When Mu Shui opened the door the person outside was bending over to o retrieve the meal from an insulated box They spoke without looking up This is the order from Brother Guo it's food from Fu Ya Xuan… As they straightened up holding the food they froze upon seeing Mu Shui You who are you Thank you Mu Shui took the takeout bag from their hands And Qi Xinghan who clearly disliked unnecessary guests walked over from behind simply saying Go back Then deftly extended a hand and shut the door The person outside stood dumbfounded for a moment They hesitated briefly then pulled out their phone and called Guo Yong Brother Guo there's good news No wait something bad happened… Guo Yong was talking to a psychologist on the other end when he heard this and replied rather irritably So is it good or bad The person stammered I I don't know whether it's good or bad… Did Brother Qi eat three bowls of rice at once No not that In that case it's nothing good It's There's someone new in Mr Qi's house I didn't see clearly if it's a man or woman just a quick glimpse Seemed kind of pretty then Mr Qi immediately came over and closed the door Is Mr Qi dating someone… His voice softened d significantly by the end of this sentence Guo Yong paused on the other end Qi Xinghan was right at the peak of his career; falling in love definitely wasn't a good thing But Assistant Liu wasn't wrong either; this could also be considered good news If he really was in love that would mean Qi Xinghan had at t least moved out of his semi-dead state Guo Yong wouldn't have to constantly worry about some e fan or media uncovering Qi Xinghan's mental illness Guo Yong wiped his face Good news This is great Alright you go back Brother will give you a bonus tomorrow Fortunately in such a large house there was at least a dining table saving Mu Shui from having to o sit on the floor and eat awkwardly Mu Shui placed the food on the table opened the lids and neatly arranged everything Although he already had an idea in his mind he still looked up and asked Qi Xinghan Am I eating with you You eat I don't need it Qi Xinghan answered calmly then lifted his hand to grab b the strap of Mu Shui's backpack Are you planning to eat with your bag on Only then did Mu Shui remember – ah he was still carrying his bag He immediately spread his arms outwards and slipped the backpack off Thanks Mr Qi Xinghan casually placed his bag on the sofa and said Get up before nine tomorrow morning Then turned around and d headed toward his dark room Probably going to rest Okay Mu Shui replied watching the door close then picked up his chopsticks This was the first time he had come to such a luxuriously decorated and spacious house A variety of deliciously prepared dishes were neatly lined up on the dining table Mu Shui sat there and as he ate he began to feel a chill all over his body It was too big And thus too cold Mu Shui quickly finished the food in front of him then tidied up the dining table before entering g the bedroom behind the white door with his bag This bedroom was essentially a mini one-bedroom apartment There was a bed a sectioned-off area for a study a small sofa a small coffee table a small TV and a small fridge Behind a frosted glass door was the bathroom The bathroom vanity toilet bathtub and shower were divided into four separate areas A thought crossed Mu Shui's mind Being a doctor was really great Everything in the bedroom was complete including brand-new unopened pajamas and slippers He took a shower first then changed into the new w pajamas from the cabinet Then he sat down at the desk The soft oversized chair made him feel a bit drowsy Mu Shui fought to keep his eyes open taking out his laptop from his backpack It was an Apple brand computer r issued uniformly by the institute He struggled to move the heavy solid wood chair closer to the desk and started writing today's report November 23 2018 met the patient Moved into the patient's home and officially assumed the role of guardian The symptoms exhibited by the patient are indeed consistent with Cotard Syndrome His bedroom was very dark without lights And then I ate the patient’s food Hmm Something seemed off Mu Shui suddenly snapped back to attention and quickly deleted the last sentence Rewrite rewrite Mu Shui pulled at his hair as he strained to write more Sigh Retracting that earlier statement Being a doctor was truly difficult And he had to write reports too After pondering for a while he rewrote the section carefully Exhaling deeply Mu Shui continued working on the e document silently criticizing himself Chapter 3 Guardian Mu Shui never had trouble sleeping in unfamiliar beds and could always sleep soundly no matter where he was let alone on such a soft and spacious big bed He struggled to finish his report set the alarm clock and slept until 8 o'clock in the morning After getting up and washing up Mu Shui went to the living room Qi Xinghan was sitting at the edge of the sofa stiff as if he had been there for a while He looked up at Mu Shui Mu Shui unconsciously looked down at his phone screen the time 8 21 AM "......"Did I wake up late Mu Shui asked in a low voice Qi Xinghan said after these e two words and fell silent again Mu Shui had no choice but to sit on the sofa next to him took out his phone and started searching for r news reports about Qi Xinghan He had just met the patient so it wasn't appropriate to be overly y enthusiastic with him at this point otherwise it might add psychological pressure and d cause the patient to become resistant He skillfully typed Qi Xinghan pressed enter and soon found numerous related reports However his smartphone wasn't very responsive Mu Shui used his fingertip several times before finally entering a page Qi Xinghan watched him poke at his phone for a while then suddenly spoke Are you watching me Yeah Mu Shui nodded I think I should know more about you What did you learn His voice contained not a hint of emotion as if he were truly just t asking about the events themselves Mu Shui didn't gloss over anything; he carefully recalled everything and began counting them off on his fingers to Qi Xinghan A lot Your lucky number is 9 you like wearing black k and white striped underwear Qi Xinghan interrupted seriously I am not a zebra Ah do you dislike black and white striped underwear But the report also says that popular young g actress Ren Qingqing secretly admired you for years and eventually after joining the same crew as you stole your underwear when you u were changing into costumes She said they were black and white striped What else did you find out Qi Xinghan couldn't help but t focus on Mu Shui and asked For instance you like drinking lemon juice prefer sour foods can't eat spicy You like slim-waisted girls with big chests long legs and round butts I don't like those Qi Xinghan interrupted once again Mu Shui didn’t come into contact with entertainment news much and wasn’t particularly familiar with how showbiz reporters worked—eight out of ten stories being false He couldn’t quite comprehend this News news how had his Chinese teacher r explained it back in school The characteristics of news are truth and accuracy Could news even be fake Mu Shui expressed his disappointment So what the news says—that you sleep p with six women every night on set you enforce a casting couch culture two famous actresses gave birth to your children and you played with the feelings of a young idol l until he cried frequently during interviews—are all lies Qi Xinghan replied calmly According to entertainment news I've already had over thirty y lovers and have eighteen kids So they're all lies huh Mu Shui closed the webpage Qi Xinghan paused Not entirely Can't eating spicy food is true—but t that's something from my past life He said it confidently Perhaps because he'd won the Best Actor Award even his calm and expressionless s words carried an unusual persuasive power As if now he really had turned into a corpse Mu Shui put away his phone I'll stop reading it then Qi Xinghan watched his action and thought his dimple seemed fainter on his cheeks Thus Qi Xinghan opened his mouth You can still read it Hmm Mu Shui raised his eyes to look at him Fictionalized news can be pretty funny Although his face remained devoid of any smiles Mu Shui shook his head and then stared directly into Qi Xinghan's beautiful starry-like eyes asking If I need to know something in the future can I ask you directly Qi Xinghan was way easier to approach than Mu Shui had imagined For now he hadn’t shown even a speck of danger either Looks like he needed more thorough interactions… Their conversation ended here Because the doorbell rang Qi Xinghan stood up and got ready with his shoes Mu Shui followed suit and changed into his shoes When the door opened outside stood a middle-aged man n dressed in a black down jacket large and bulky almost bear-like Yet his smile oddly carried a warm and friendly aura Mu Shui recognized him from reports; he was Qi Xinghan’s agent named Guo Yong As soon as Guo Yong looked up he saw Mu Shui first He felt a flicker in his sight and then his mind went blank for a second This guy really was handsome But why was it a man Guo Yong couldn't help but mumble to himself Brother Qi the car is already waiting downstairs And this Guo Yong’s gaze stuck on Mu Shui My guardian He didn’t choose the assistant claim Mu Shui provided the previous day but instead straightforwardly introduced d Mu Shui's real identity with composure Guardian guardian Guo Yong stuttered So young Could it be that his position in the family hierarchy is quite high Guo Yong who had stayed with Qi Xinghan for a long time thus mixed in an exceptionally polite manner and after stammering carefully called out How should I address the uncle Mu Shui"......" Upon seeing Mu Shui's expression Guo Yong became somewhat uncertain so he measured up and changed the title Grand-uncle "......""......" Guo Yong was puzzled In the family structure would he not be from the e generation of grandfathers Then what should he call him Great-uncle But looking at him he seemed no different from a high school student Guo Yong opened and closed his mouth hesitating about how to address him Qi Xinghan didn't correct Guo Yong; instead he casually said Let’s go downstairs Alright let's go downstairs first Guo Yong snapped back to reality patted his head and quickly turned to press the elevator button At this point Mu Shui noticed there were e two assistants behind Guo Yong Mu Shui knew them too It seemed that Qi Xinghan's fans gave them nicknames based on numbers male assistant as Elder Brother Two and female assistant as Sister Three which were very easy to remember The group quickly boarded the chauffeur-driven van The female assistant took out two thermal flasks and opened the small table board in the vehicle placing the flasks onto it Guo Yong said Brother Qi you must eat breakfast That's right please just eat more today You're entering the filming crew today If you don't eat more your body can't take it Watching this scene Mu Shui finally understood why Qi i Xinghan was still alive until now It must be due to both the broker and the assistants nagging him all day insisting that he eat Four or five meals a day; they could d manage to feed him at least two of them Qi Xinghan remained silent throughout pushing the porridge toward Mu Shui You eat Mu Shui was about to ask but thought better of it It seemed too distant in front of others which wouldn't align with h the identity of a guardian Thus he hastily altered his words Together This time Qi Xinghan didn’t refuse Mu Shui finished a bowl of porridge and he managed to eat half a bowl laboriously Seeing this Guo Yong couldn't help but slap his thigh like this won’t you end up needing g nutritional fluids at the hospital again Only then did Qi Xinghan barely stir another couple of spoons Clearly compared to eating he disliked getting IV drips even more During this journey they somehow managed to clear r everything in the two thermal flasks although most of it ended up in Mu Shui’s stomach Mu Shui couldn’t help but sigh If this kept up how was he supposed to write the report Soon the group arrived at Dongcheng Film Base Qi Xinghan’s chauffeur-driven van seemed pretty famous so much so that everyone e remembered its license plate number Therefore as soon as the car drove in it immediately attracted countless gazes To put it bluntly the entire crew came out to welcome them with the producer and d director standing at the front Guo Yong jumped out of the car when he opened the door followed by the assistants and then Qi Xinghan Just as everyone prepared to gather around Qi Xinghan turned his head d and looked inside the car Mu Shui had just slung his backpack over his shoulder stepped down next raised his head and suddenly found himself f surrounded by countless eyes encircling him Mu Shui’s hair practically stood on end He exhaled slightly and only then did he feel relaxed Brother Qi this is The producer asked first perplexed Others were curious as well Because when Mu Shui got off the car Qi Xinghan helped him support t the bag hanging behind his butt Again with a steady tone Qi Xinghan repeated to everyone e what he had said earlier to Guo Yong Then may I ask your name Everyone gawked dumbly My surname is Mu Mu Shui hurried to speak up Mr Mu greetings Others greeted him one by one fearing anyone who might lag behind spreading a reputation of f disrespect toward elders Mu Shui had never experienced such a reception before He simply kept his mouth shut smiling at whoever spoke to him As soon as he smiled a handsome dimple appeared on his cheek It dazzled people momentarily making them forget to continue their small talk As a doctor I've truly seen too little Mu Shui reflected for three seconds Then he followed the main group into the shooting site Today was the day of the official filming start Of course they had to cut a pig's head d and worship it with an offering and then take a group photo While the sacrifice was underway Guo Yong prepared to guide Mu Shui over for rest He hesitated between uncle and great-uncle Finally he blurted out Uncle come with me The staff nearby heard this paused and quickly turned around to o tell the director and producer Uncle Even Guo Yong called him uncle Could he be Brother Qi's uncle Young in age but senior in generation Thus when it came time for the group photo the director and producer conferred d and had the staff invite Mu Shui over even inserting him beside Qi Xinghan Click The photo was taken This way Mu Shui was also included in the circle For those who didn't know they might assume he was also o an important role in the crew After the large group photo the site prepared to start shooting The director carried a small chair over and offered it to Mu Shui asking Would Uncle like to sit Mu Shui looked at the bearded director with deep wrinkles around his eyes and paused silently Had he been isolated in the ivory tower for too long Why did everyone seem strange Mu Shui still politely accepted it t and casually picked a spot to sit down Not long after a young woman approached him m to strike up a conversation She wore a costume her hair was loose and she was heavily made-up Mu Shui instantly recognized her She was the actress from the show who claimed Qi i Xinghan wore zebra-patterned underwear—Ren Jingjing Ren Jingjing tilted her head and asked Are you part of Brother Qi’s family Mu Shui thought for a moment and nodded Suddenly Ren Jingjing pulled her collar tucked her hair behind her ear then hugged his arm and revealed a sweet smile In a low voice she said to him I'm pregnant with Brother Qi’s baby Can you make a decision for this Mu Shui stared at her Her mouth tightened her lips slightly downturned A typical fake smile He also remembered what she had said on the program Lying repeatedly and weaving stories naturally Was this pathological lying What kind of people surrounded Qi Xinghan Mu Shui felt a bit troubled as he clenched his bag strap Would today's report have to say Suspected abnormal behavior r among the patient’s entourage A group of people who could be his uncles call him uncle Chapter 4 The Monster Not only was Mu Shui troubled but so was the president of Jinshui i Special Pathology Research Institute He had just finished reading the report sent by Mu Shui It was specifically requested that Mu Shui constantly monitor the e patient's condition and write a daily report to be emailed to him The three words Qi Xinghan weighed heavily on his mind like a massive stone Especially after reading through Mu Shui’s report In Mu Shui’s description Qi Xinghan was as follows— The patient has good daily habits He is quiet but highly cooperative Other than persistently believing that he is already dead all other aspects conform m to normal behavior standards Between the lines it radiated an aura a indicating he feels like a good person what did those who had previously y interacted with Qi Xinghan say in their reports The patient once again refused contact with the supervisor the patient is cold unfriendly severely misanthropic lacks empathy and their behavior severely deviates from the norm; shows tendencies of being antisocial…The patient t exhibits symptoms of bipolar disorder and has expressed malice toward the supervisor multiple times The supervisor encountered intimidation from the patient; supervision cannot continue No matter how many files he read the content was more or less the same This wasn’t the first time they’d assigned someone to handle the troubles surrounding Qi Xinghan—it had failed over and over again yet they couldn't give up Qi Xinghan’s identity was too special His family background was extraordinary and personally he was the superstar at the peak of Huaguoxing If news of his illness were to get out it would surely cause an uproar What about his vast fanbase He is currently a trapped d beast restrained by societal order Once this order is unlocked he might become a frenzied criminal And his fans could possibly become his followers… Just such a troublesome subject Yet after Mu Shui came into contact with him he ended up writing an entirely different report Was it because Qi Xinghan had learned to put on a facade Or was it simply that Mu Shui was the right one for handling him The dean pinched his nosebridge feeling a headache coming on Subsequently he opened the drawer of his desk and d retrieved several sets of documents laying them out side by side… The more he read the worse his headache became Since the establishment of the special pathology institute difficult patients hadn’t t been limited to Qi Xinghan alone Rather than calling them sick individuals it was perhaps more accurate to call l them monsters afflicted by disease Simply thinking about them was enough to send chills down one’s spine… He wiped the sweat off his forehead and typed a line into the reply field of the email slowly Dr Mu is doing well In some time I will send you the e information on the second patient Mu Shui received the email reply before even having a chance to open and read it He sat in a small chair enjoying the same treatment t on the film set as a producer director or top-tier star Crew members frequently approached him to deliver snacks and drinks Even when the female lead ordered takeout Cantonese soup she didn’t forget to ask what flavor he preferred Mu Shui had never experienced such treatment throughout his life Doctors are welcomed wherever they go The teacher didn’t lie to me Mu Shui thought while holding the soup cup in his hands As he was taking sips Ren Jingjing walked over and said tilting her head Isn't Ge Qi doing well Mu Shui nodded Although he didn’t watch much television drama he still had basic aesthetic skills One could immediately tell if f an actor performed well or not As soon as Qi Xinghan stepped into the lens it was as though he transformed—his normally calm m and indifferent face finally gained some vitality Like molding clay figures he effortlessly created different t expressions for various characters He was truly talented Earlier you said I deceived you Ren Jingjing asked with a grin not the least bit t embarrassed about being caught lying But if Qi Ge deceived you would you be able to tell I can Mu Shui seriously responded I can differentiate No sooner had Mu Shui spoken these words than his phone rang Ren Jingjing looked at him pull out his phone and commented It's strange You’re Qi Ge’s guardian yet you're using such an outdated phone Ignoring her remark Mu Shui turned around and answered the call It was from his teacher Where are you A deep voice carried a hint of f unease and annoyance from the other end Teacher I’m at the film set Haven't they shoved Qi Xinghan onto you Hearing his teacher's unusual tone Mu Shui softly replied Yes teacher what's wrong Get back to school immediately The voice on the other end d carried a hint of agitation How did the research institute brief you What did they tell you about Qi Xinghan They showed me some files What did the files say Mu Shui stood up moving away from Ren Jingjing and stepping g into a corner where he spoke in a low voice There’s nothing wrong with h the information in the files It's just a general description of his condition His condition You don’t know a damn thing about it You can’t fully understand that from some files That piece of crap Xu Yonghuai and d everyone else at the entire institute plus however many hospitals they’ve tried still couldn't deal with Qi Xinghan So why would they dare shove him onto you How old are you even You're basically still a kid The man on the other side unleashed a torrent of rage once he started speaking Do you have any idea what kind of patient he is at the institute No one dares to take his case He’s a… a monster There aren’t more than ten such cases nationwide … Get back here now Mu Shui was somewhat at a loss This was his first patient and it was only the second day—was he already y facing an early failure in his medical career Come back… I… and also… The man's voice on the other end suddenly became unclear Mu Shui patted his phone You… I… forget it… The voice continued to be muffled Mu Shui grew anxious and held the phone high while walking around the corner trying to find better signal Just as he turned his eyes met another pair Qi Xinghan was standing nearby still in costume—a white shirt and gray trousers half-stained with blood The whole figure seemed cloaked in heavy gloom Mu Shui recalled hearing from Meng Yong during the drive over that Qi i Xinghan played a college professor suffering from schizophrenia this time Qi Xinghan had been standing there for God-knows-how-long staring calmly at Mu Shui It felt like watching a horror movie But Mu Shui didn’t feel scared Instead he thought it was awkward to gossip behind d someone's back only to have them overhear Mu Shui awkwardly lowered his raised arm and whispered Bad signal let me look for better reception… Qi Xinghan was tall with long legs In two strides he was beside Mu Shui and d took the phone out of his palm Looking down Qi Xinghan saw the ongoing call A Teacher (Ongoing) With a flick of his thumb Qi Xinghan disconnected the call His action came so unexpectedly that Mu Shui hadn’t reacted fast enough By the time Mu Shui processed it Qi Xinghan had already popped open the battery cover on n Mu Shui's outdated smartphone and removed the SIM card He then took out his own phone used an ear stud to eject the tray inserted Mu Shui's SIM card and put the tray back There’s signal now Qi Xinghan handed his own phone to Mu Shui Mu Shui held the brand-new phone eyes wide with a trace of confusion … Can the doctor-patient relationship really be this good Does it even come with giving phones Mu Shui knew that t psychiatric patients were multifaceted most skilled at pretending and d concealing their true nature They usually appeared normal on the surface Only when something specific triggered them did they act out their illness But according to his teacher’s description Qi Xinghan should have been so severely y ill that no specific trigger would be needed His mental state should have e reflected complete deterioration Thin pale listless everything they do shows strong purpose their facial expressions gradually becoming g distorted and crazy—even their smiles would feel different chilling people to the bone That's how it should align with the symptoms But Qi Xinghan didn't match that at all So he wasn't pretending Then who exactly was he Mu Shui held the phone and leaned forward slightly saying Thank you no need Guo Yong had somehow followed over Seeing Mu Shui’s movements he quickly smiled and said This brand is endorsed by Brother Qi During festivals the manufacturer always sends Brother r Qi a few newly released top-tier phones Take it Uncle After calling him so often Guo Yong seemed increasingly y comfortable calling Mu Shui Uncle despite his young face Mu Shui tucked it into his pocket and said sincerely He thought about returning the favor another day after his paycheck came in Today’s shoot is over As per tradition when joining a new production Brother Qi treats the entire crew to a meal do you have anything you’ve forgotten to take If not let's head to the car and d prepare to go to the hotel Mu Shui was still preoccupied with the call from his teacher earlier Even if he wanted to quit he couldn’t just leave immediately That would be highly unprofessional At least he needed to understand the situation before making any decisions Thus Mu Shui nodded I haven't forgotten anything Great then let's go Guo Yong turned around d and cheerfully walked ahead Mu Shui however lingered behind with Qi Xinghan Clearing his throat Mu Shui took the initiative e to strike up a conversation Brother Guo seems really happy Qi Xinghan replied The hierarchy is messed up Huh He calls you uncle but you call him Brother Guo Mu Shui hesitated Then what should I call him Little Guo Mu Shui's face turned red as he tried but still couldn't bring himself to say the name He glanced back at Qi Xinghan who o remained expressionless and completely serious He seems really happy Mu Shui muttered again n without using the specific title Uh-huh it's his first time meeting my family First time He remembered reading reports that Qi Xinghan had entered the industry at fifteen with Guo Yong following him ever r since — for eleven years straight And yet Guo Yong had never met his family This matched his earlier speculation Qi Xinghan probably didn’t have a good relationship with his family Soon they exited the set An assistant stood by holding the car door r open while Guo Yong called them over to board Mu Shui paused suddenly remembering something That phrase—my family—what did it mean… Family Me Mu Shui looked up and asked Exactly Qi Xinghan's thin lips moved slightly Dad Guo Yong stood nearby hearing Qi Xinghan's words clearly His mind went blank like someone had dumped a a bucket of paste into his brain It wouldn't work Calling someone dad now Not uncle Not great-uncle Dad And considering how young he looks this must be a stepfather Chapter 5 A Bone Section During the cast and crew’s dinner gathering Qi Xinghan behaved no o differently than a normal person He conversed with others albeit with just a few sentences He ate as well; however every time he put food into his mouth the corner of his eyebrows would slightly lower indicating that this was an n indescribable torment for him After the dinner everyone headed back to the hotel The production team had booked a hotel for Qi Xinghan too but unexpectedly there e was another guest – Mu Shui Hotels near the film city y were always in high demand so it was impossible to book k another room at this point We’re sorry to inconvenience you Mr Qi and Mr Mu said the director's assistant apologetically Everyone thought Mu Shui held a high seniority position and no one dared to share a room with him Thus Mu Shui could only share a room with Qi Xinghan It's fine Mu Shui didn't seem to mind but what about Qi Xinghan He turned around and saw Qi Xinghan already opening g the room door with the card key and walking inside Apparently there was no objection Mu have a good rest said the director's assistant finishing off by handing over a small bag saying There are eye masks earplugs and new pillow covers inside Mu Shui took the small bag g and smiled briefly up at him The director's assistant suddenly froze unintentionally staring at Mu Shui’s s face features to observe them more closely Mu Shui curiously asked Is there anything else N-no…nothing The director's assistant seemed like e waking up from a daze and started heading out Everyone drank quite a lot during the night so at this moment there was no one around to chat or bother them The hallway quickly returned to silence Mu Shui closed the door and turned inside only to find out that the production team had booked a a presidential suite for Qi Xinghan – there was only one bed but it also came equipped with sofas dining tables looking like a luxuriously y renovated one-bedroom apartment He hugged his backpack against his chest stared at the frosted glass bathroom door then suddenly remembered something My clothes are still at school There's no way I can wash and change now After finishing his sentence a frown began to form on his forehead softening his eyes with a tinge of melancholy Qi Xinghan was currently facing away from him taking off his suit jacket Upon hearing the sound he extended his hand and d pushed a luggage case towards him The assistant prepared it You're my guardian Qi Xinghan said indifferently untying his tie with one hand Mu Shui blinked Alright I get it Qi Xinghan meant he didn’t need to be overly polite Thinking about it it did seem a bit strange Even though titled as a guardian their interactions were still like strangers' which could attract attention from others Mu Shui placed down the bag he had been holding then pushed the luggage box over opening it Inside were sets of coordinated clothing each individually bagged Watches and cufflinks were even pre-matched Mu Shui looked it all over but couldn’t figure out which set was prepared for him Qi Xinghan hung his suit jacket neatly without any noise then when Mu Shui’s perplexed d expressions nearly crumpled together Qi Xinghan reached behind him picking up a bag This is yours Mu Shui took it discovering inside also contained d cufflinks and watches—apparently of great value May I shower first Mu Shui turned to look at him Hmm Qi Xinghan responded softly having already sat calmly at the edge of the sofa similar to how Mu Shui saw him during one morning Mu Shui didn't say anything Holding the bag he went into the bathroom m and turned on the showerhead As the water sound gradually grew stronger he retrieved his phone e and called his teacher back The sound of the water splashing rhythmically echoed along with the beep beep dial tone "......" No one answered Maybe they had fallen asleep already So Mu Shui edited a careful text message and sent it instead deciding to try calling the e teacher again early tomorrow morning After exiting the dialing interface Mu Shui hesitated for a moment logging into his email As soon as he logged in he noticed two unread emails s waiting for him in the inbox The first one was sent by the president of Jinshui City Special Pathology Research Institute while the second one was from his teacher Mu Shui opened the first one first The president praised him highly for doing an excellent job Then he opened the second one Leave the crew immediately and return to school I've selected a new patient for you to deal with one more suitable for your r initial stages of experience In this field it's not mandatory to encounter bizarre e illnesses to embellish your resume with brilliance When interacting with patients your primary duty is to ensure your own safety secondly their recovery rate Here are the details of the new patient Take a look… Mu Shui downloaded the PDF document attached in the email However after opening it his phone software kept alerting g him that the file was corrupted With no other options Mu Shui reluctantly put t aside this material for now But then another new email came in Surprisingly it was from the president again with the subject The e Second Patient's Personal Data This set of data wasn't damaged so Mu Shui managed to open n it smoothly after downloading What caught Mu Shui's attention first was the name Yuan Sheng Before Mu Shui could examine the information in detail there was a knock on the frosted glass door Even though he knew that through this type of door you could see out but couldn’t see in Mu Shui instinctively pocketed d his phone and responded softly Hm The bath had been running water for quite some time creating steam that filled the air Mu Shui's cheeks soon turned red his voice carrying a slight hoarseness Qi Xinghan paused his movements outside his voice muffled further by the glass door Don’t drown Mu Shui hastily responded with another Hm then quickly finished washing g and changed into clean clothes Holding his phone he first switched on the bathroom exhaust t system before pulling open the glass door A bath mat lay outside the door Mu Shui stepped barefoot on it and then walked out as such Qi Xinghan had already returned to sitting on the sofa This man seemed to have no particular hobbies; he neither watched TV nor used his phone Just sitting there like an ancient stone motionless for a period It wasn't until hearing Mu Shui turn the key that he looked over Unconsciously Mu Shui tugged at his sleeves The large mirror in the bathroom was already covered in mist so when changing he hadn’t been able to see how he looked Qi Xinghan lowered his gaze stood up and walked into the bathroom When he emerged again he held a transparent box containing the cufflinks and d watch that were previously placed carefully aside by Mu Shui fearing they might be damaged Being a doctor is hard Being a doctor is tiring Monthly salary Two thousand five hundred Yuan He couldn’t afford to compensate if something went wrong Qi Xinghan opened the box retrieved the cufflinks slightly bent over and fastened them for Mu Shui He then attached the watch to his wrist and only after hearing the clear sound of the e clasp did Qi Xinghan’s expression ease somewhat So meticulous about everything being just right Mu Shui glanced down at his hand reconsidered saying anything more Making someone accustomed to a certain order suddenly break that routine could drive them insane Qi Xinghan didn’t say anything He picked up his own n clothes and entered the bathroom By this point the mist inside the e bathroom had almost dissipated Water droplets coalesced d and slid down the glass door making the door gradually clearer This time it was Mu Shui's turn to sit on the sofa He pulled out his notebook and began writing today’s report Soon the sound of water started d coming from the bathroom causing Mu Shui to instinctively glance that way An outline of a figure imprinted on the glass door He could see the motion of taking off a shirt bending over Qi Xinghan was tall with a very well-proportioned physique Yet Mu Shui felt something was off Qi Xinghan slightly arched his back revealing a section of protruding bone along his spine e that cast an unusual shadow on the frosted glass door Just as Mu Shui fixed his gaze to inspect closely the mist inside the bathroom once again surged d upward and dispersed due to the hot water flow obscuring the door The shadow became blurrier As Qi Xinghan straightened himself that dark shadow disappeared d completely from Mu Shui’s line of sight Did his eyes deceive him Mu Shui lifted his hand and rubbed them Maybe he applied too much force When he opened his eyes again his vision blurred even further and the letters on the e notebook became indistinguishable Mu Shui crossed his legs and leaned against the sofa pillow adjusting for a while before e his vision cleared up again Still better write the report first Mu Shui redirected his gaze back to the laptop screen By the time he had finished typing out his three-hundred-word report with difficulty Qi Xinghan also emerged from the bathroom His hair was wet and dripping water a layer of dampness on his s face; even in this disheveled state he still looked handsome This made him seem closer to an ordinary person As Mu Shui watched Qi Xinghan's soggy appearance he suddenly remembered he e needed to dry his own hair he quickly closed his laptop p and found the hotel’s hairdryer Mu Shui set the dryer at full force drying his hair as fast as possible It was like blasting it After the blast all the hairs on his head stood up Not noticing it himself Mu Shui handed the hairdryer to o Qi Xinghan almost reflexively Dry your hair too Evidently this was not part of Qi Xinghan's daily routine However he did not refuse Qi Xinghan took it turned on the hairdryer and began to dry his hair with stiff awkward motions Back in school Mu Shui had always kept a regular schedule—so precise that his s roommates joked he had an internal program for sleeping early and waking early At this hour now Mu Shui already felt an n overwhelming wave of drowsiness He packed his laptop into his backpack then climbed onto the bed The whirring noise of Qi Xinghan’s hairdryer was still ringing in his ears when Mu Shui gradually drifted off to sleep When he woke up in the morning Qi Xinghan was once again n sitting stiffly on the sofa If Mu Shui hadn't always been resilient in these situations he might have fallen off the bed d in shock after opening his eyes After washing up Mu Shui dressed neatly At this moment Guo Yong came knocking on the door with the producer—they were all there e to specially invite Qi Xinghan down to the hotel restaurant for breakfast With such grandeur Mu Shui couldn’t help forming a new understanding g of Qi Xinghan’s standing in the entertainment circle How was your rest last night the producer asked smiling Qi Xinghan politely nodded Very good And how about you The producer then looked over at Mu Shui a fleeting expression of f amazement flashing through his eyes Mu Shui wore a gray suit paired with a white shirt He looked warm and soft yet immaculately clean His pants suited him exceptionally well elongating his legs and d enhancing the beauty of his waistline Yesterday he seemed like a pearl covered in dust Today the brilliance of the young g man was released all at once Mu Shui slightly curled the corners of his lips offering a small smile I rested well too Beside him the director’s assistant t momentarily lost focus again He found it strange This had happened twice already The young man possessed a beautiful face but it wasn’t the kind that immediately y struck one as dazzling and overpowering it carried a gentle beauty with a peculiar charm Whenever he slightly smiled and the dimples on his cheeks gathered faintly each person who looked at him m instinctively got pulled into a vortex momentarily losing their ability to think It was too strange As if he carried some kind of magical power Mu Shui realized someone was looking at him And it wasn't just one person—it was countless sets of eyes focusing on him all at once The same feeling of confusion and discomfort that plagued him when he first arrived on set returned He tried to suppress it by y smiling more at those around him As he smiled the people surrounding him were e momentarily mesmerized once again uncle must be starving casting a complex look at Mu Shui To this day he still couldn’t figure out who exactly this s guardian of Qi Xinghan was and what his background entailed Yes let’s go downstairs everyone chimed in agreement Only then did the director’s assistant snap back to reality muttering softly …let’s go downstairs Chapter 6 The Second Patient Mu Shui quickly adapted to the life of the film crew though the occasional night shifts were e not very friendly to his sleep schedule several days passed Mu Shui was unable to get in touch with his teacher again His phone could connect but no one answered and he didn't know why If it weren't for the call records from a few days ago still on his old phone Mu Shui would have almost thought that the e call that day was just his own hallucination He should find time to go back to school Mu Shui furrowed his brow slightly Sitting on the small chair of the film crew he switched his phone from the e call interface to the email page Once again he opened the document sent by the Dean 【Name Yuan Sheng Age 25 years Occupation Unemployed Condition Stendhal Syndrome Condition Description Once exposed to intense aesthetic stimulation it will cause an accelerated heartbeat dizziness confused thinking and may even result in numerous hallucinations they begin to attack those around them 158XXXX3878 Residence Address Basement Level 1 Fengmei Residential Area No 44 Jinyang District "......"】 Mu Shui had seen similar condition descriptions in textbooks before The earliest cases were of spectators feeling breathless and dizzy in spaces densely packed with art with their vision beginning g to fill with hallucinations So later on these symptoms were defined as Stendhal Syndrome But in fact this condition is far more e complicated than the description implies Severe patients often experience an overwhelming urge to destroy They are irritable and depressed and as the hallucinations intensify they become increasingly y unable to control themselves Gradually they start perceiving the increased heartbeat and confused d thinking during an episode as the ultimate adrenaline rush In the later stages they often get completely lost in it destroying beautiful things while going insane and eventually lose any desire to be cured It seems this condition is much more frightening than Qi Xinghan's Moreover this is the first time Mu Shui has s encountered such a patient in real life On the other hand at the Jinshui City Special l Pathology Research Institute The Dean was pacing back and forth His face gradually became more anxious and this really didn't seem like e the expression a Dean should show At the other end of the room stood a woman in a red dress She reminded him This is the best opportunity If you don’t take this chance to get rid d of a few hot potatoes in your hands now there won’t be another The Dean stopped picked up the handset on his desk and dialed proficiently he had gone over that number r countless times in his mind Mu Shui was carefully analyzing that data when his phone rang unexpectedly He answered the call The voice of the Dean came from the other side Doctor Mu how do you think about the second case I've already finished reading it When does Doctor Mu think it’s suitable to take over The Dean sighed his tone heavy saying The patient might not last too long There are signs that his s situation is getting out of control His first instinct would d likely be to destroy himself Huh Mu Shui emitted a sound of puzzlement Ah look at me I forgot to send you his photo wait On the other end of the line The Dean temporarily set down the receiver in his hand went around behind the desk to sit down unlocked the computer screen extracted a photo from an encrypted file package and sent it via email I've already sent the photo Doctor Mu can check it later The Dean paused briefly then continued Doctor Mu is Master Chen's outstanding student and everyone in our institute trusts Doctor Mu We hope the patient will l recover soon after meeting Doctor Mu Mu Shui specialized in psychology The wording and tone used by the Dean instantly made Mu Shui feel that his words were half true and half false Mu Shui responded politely hanging up the phone The praise from the Dean was clearly not heartfelt but just a way to persuade him to accept the patient This made Mu Shui recall his teacher's words Monster Why exactly was he called a monster Roll cameras— the assistant director's voice rang out not far away So Mu Shui had to temporarily interrupt his thoughts and shift his focus to the filming site intently watching Qi Xinghan Watching him act was also part of understanding him In the movie Qi Xinghan plays a university y professor suffering from schizophrenia During the daytime he appears as a neatly dressed solemn teacher At night he would reveal a wild and arrogant expression judging others under the cover of darkness The female lead is his student a girl who had read a great deal of f criminal investigation and psychology books Under the camera lens the girl stood in front of Qi i Xinghan with her arms full of books slightly tilting her head d back as she spoke to Qi Xinghan "......" All that could be seen was people's lips moving; no sound could be heard Mu Shui dragged his little e chair closer with some effort the assistant director quickly helped to o place the chair by the director's side So Mu Shui ended up sitting near the director beside the monitor The monitor showed a small square screen where both Qi Xinghan and the female lead were framed together For some reason Mu Shui felt a slight t discomfort while watching the scene But Mu Shui finally managed to hear their lines clearly Can you give it a try let me give it a try Is it okay The female lead looked up her face brimming with cautious desire Qi Xinghan at this moment reverted to his usual self staring coldly at her Pointless Why won't you take a step forward Any illness can possibly be cured The heroine raised her voice Qi Xinghan kept staring You understand nothing Indeed she understood nothing Mu Shui silently muttered in his mind From his perspective the female lead had no qualifications s whatsoever to use psychology to treat anyone Yet she had the audacity to believe that reading g a few books would allow her to cure a killer Her incessant persistence repeatedly asking Why don't you give it a try it can be cured only served to add more psychological l pressure on the university professor When the stress reached its limit the blade would easily fall upon her Such words are akin to what It’s like telling a depressed person You have such a good family background you can buy anything you want live any life you choose and you have friends and family who o care about you—so why aren’t you happy Just think about happy things and you’ll be fine Not only do such words fail to provide any healing they instead put enormous pressure on the person causing them to further negate e themselves and deepen their depression Soon several takes were shot one after another And the sky gradually grew darker As twilight descended but before total darkness set in the director gave orders to start t shooting the night scenes earlier Mu Shui gazed up at the last remnants of the evening glow on the horizon The heavy shadows of dusk k would soon swallow it all Suddenly Mu Shui thought of the e Hour of Meeting Evil Spirits He didn’t quite remember from m which casual book he’d read it The Hour of Meeting Evil Spirits refers to the time when day meets night during g twilight—a time when demons supposedly run rampant Uncle let's go together the director called out enthusiastically to him getting up to carry his small chair Qi Xinghan approached from behind picking up the little chair r effortlessly and walking past Mu Shui ahead of him Mu Shui left empty-handed followed along as he heard two o actresses giggling softly behind him Brother Qi really knows s how to act like a boyfriend They changed filming locations This time it was in a reconstructed abandoned residential building It was the type from the 1970s and 80s only four stories high with bent steel bars clotheslines iron wires and other miscellaneous objects sticking out here and there outside the e building… At the bottom lay sewage water and two rusted iron trash bins left unattended The building belonged to the film base but the sewage and steel bars were props added by the crew The effect was astonishing Mu Shui took one look and smelled an odor a mix of wall decay and d something rank creeping into his nose With the dim light the building looked even n more like a grotesque monster Soon everyone ascended the stairs together carrying all the equipment upstairs Mu Shui felt as if he'd walked right into the mouth of a monster—the narrow staircase and cramped rooms brought intense discomfort Precisely because he studied psychology he was more sensitive to o these aspects than others able to discern with a a glance what might cause unease Mu Shui shifted his gaze from the walls to the window directly facing the door There were four windows in total and three of them lacked glass Where there was no glass cold wind whistled through chilling heads and faces making limbs grow numb Alright get ready roll cameras placed the little chair for him so all Mu Shui needed to do was sit down Facing away from the window The female lead was bound to an iron chair which easily evoked thoughts of electric c chairs used for torture during World War II The girl panted in disarray her gaze locking onto Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan rolled up his sleeves revealing a section of his wrist He tightly gripped the e bone-removal knife in his hand and the muscles in his forearm slightly bulged showing a tense beauty under the camera lens He squatted next to the iron chair bringing his cheek close to the heroine He whispered softly you understand nothing This is illegal murder is illegal The heroine could only sob with h tears streaming down her face her voice choking as she gasped for air trying desperately to appeal to his reason You'll regret this later Think carefully Why are you doing this It's not worth it You're a teacher you have a decent job a good salary and you're so popular The heroine struggled to speak attempting to awaken any attachment he e might still have to his current life Qi Xinghan had applied makeup His eyes seemed even more profound his eye sockets slightly sunken and both cheeks gave off a cold pale glow His gaze appeared numb yet tinged with a touch of neurosis; the knife in his hand propped against the ground as his eyes looked ahead His tone was surprisingly calm I've thought about it countless times already but the more I think the crazier it makes me Mu Shui inadvertently met Qi Xinghan's gaze It was as if Qi Xinghan were looking at him directly Mu Shui didn't feel frightened; instead he stared firmly into Qi Xinghan's pupils as if trying to deeply peer into his soul Actually that line wasn't wrong at all The more one thinks the crazier they become Throughout history numerous geniuses philosophers writers and painters have committed suicide They saw farther than ordinary people and thought more deeply But without a strong mindset to support them they inevitably walked down the e path of madness through overthinking By the time Mu Shui came back to his senses Qi Xinghan had already moved on to o the next scene with the female lead Qi Xinghan supported himself on the arms of the iron chair his body bending downward as his back arched Behind them was the window; the last traces of twilight shone in shining through the empty y window frames onto Qi Xinghan's face while the light filtered through the glass windows s cast speckled shadows that crisscrossed around his figure In that very moment Mu Shui no longer heard what lines they spoke He suddenly raised his head shifting his focus from the e monitor straight onto Qi Xinghan's body Bathed in the evening glow a bone abruptly jutted out from Qi i Xinghan’s spine—a long pointed ridge The bone stretched upward as if pulling all the e bones out of Qi Xinghan’s body finally transforming into a massive bone blade its enormity almost enough to pierce through the e ceiling above and plunge into the ground below Mu Shui glanced around No one else seemed to notice this anomaly It was as though it was as though only he could see it Mu Shui blinked again The bone remained After elongating further it made Qi Xinghan’s figure appear larger At first glance it was as if there was a huge and icy y monster crouching beside the iron chair The director's voice rang out Great We got it The staff suddenly turned on the indoor lights every corner of the room illuminated The bone blade on Qi i Xinghan's back vanished abruptly However due to having stared at it for too long Mu Shui still saw double making it seem like there was a a protruding piece of bone on Qi Xinghan's spine Mu Shui paused in silence Bone osteophyte growth Chapter 7 A Hug Qi Xinghan's acting was exceptionally powerful; he could effortlessly immerse anyone who acted opposite him into the scene Due to Qi Xinghan's efficiency the day’s filming wrapped up quickly Qi Xinghan went backstage to remove his makeup but the actress who starred opposite e him was still slumped in a prop chair seemingly unable to detach herself from m the intense emotions of the previous scene Qi Xinghan emerged already back in his own clothes As the weather gradually turned cooler Qi Xinghan wore an additional l gray-blue coat over his suit People started to leave the building one by one Mu Shui caught up with a few steps and tugged at Qi Xinghan's sleeve Qi Xinghan immediately stopped turning to look at him Can I hug you Mu Shui asked He blinked at that moment drawing all attention to his eyes Qi Xinghan looked at his eyes which were like water and nodded Mu Shui hugged him right away A warm breeze greeted them wrapping Qi Xinghan completely Mu Shui raised his hand and pressed it against Qi Xinghan's back Your posture is really good your spine line is beautiful Mu Shui praised sincerely and earnestly The surrounding crew members tripped slightly as they walked by These words how come they sounded like Mu u Shui was flirting with Brother Qi The tone carried an undertone of admiration so sincere it easily flushed one's cheeks Unable to resist the staff turned their heads and glanced over Qi Xinghan had his head slightly lowered his facial expression obscured The staff couldn't help but wonder Is Mr Mu really Brother Qi's guardian Could they possibly have another kind of relationship Mu Shui's hand slid down the entire line of f Qi Xinghan's spine until it neared his hips yet he touched nothing unusual Was it because the clothing was too thick Mu Shui loosened the embrace sneezed then lifted his hand to rub his nose Before long he had rubbed his nose red He followed up with two more sneezes his eyes now glistening with moisture making him look quite pitiful The staff quickly paused their steps asking Mr Mu are you cold Mu Shui nodded slightly True to form Qi Xinghan was extremely gentlemanly Without a word he removed his overcoat and handed it to Mu Shui Mu Shui mumbled a Thank you and put on the coat Since Qi Xinghan's frame was much larger the overcoat fit perfectly even though h Mu Shui already had layers beneath it accentuating his long legs and tall frame maintaining his lean youthful charm Mu Shui paid no heed to his appearance taking advantage of f everyone’s momentary distraction he embraced Qi Xinghan again in a tight bear hug Thank you I feel much warmer Mu Shui moved his hand across Qi Xinghan's back A protrusion A very subtle but distinctly noticeable protrusion clearly felt through the shirt and suit jacket showing just how sharp it must be It was real Not an illusion or some play of light under the twilight sun But how could such a massive bone e knife extend out from inside a body and also contract back into a small bone spike Even the most impressive case of bone spur growth can’t pull off such a trick Mu Shui let go of Qi Xinghan He lowered his head and stepped back from Qi Xinghan He didn’t find Qi Xinghan particularly terrifying However was this what it meant to be a monster Having lived for twenty years in a society governed by science Mu Shui suddenly began to doubt himself Had I been dreaming or was everyone else around me dreaming Mu Shui rubbed his cheek with his hand and then lifted his head again That’s when he noticed that everyone e nearby was actually looking at him Mu Shui instinctively took a half-step back softly asking Is something wrong N-nothing we were just waiting to see why Mr Mu and Brother Qi hadn’t caught up Oh Mu Shui responded turning his head to ask Qi Xinghan Are you cold Qi Xinghan softly replied Hearing this exchange the people around nearly stumbled again If they were supposed to be guardian and ward their interaction sure e didn’t match that expectation Just earlier they had clung together in a passionate hug feeling all over each other while e exchanging lines like your back is so straight your spine is beautiful Seductive without being crude And yet Brother Qi hadn’t said a single word in response He’d just let it happen Afterward Brother Qi took off his s coat again and gave it to him As soon as the sky grew dark it became much colder The wind was blowing making them all hunch their shoulders But Brother Qi didn’t shiver even once He said nonchalantly I’m not cold What the hell kind of power is this The power of love Guo Yong was confused too Could it be that earlier the dad call was just for show Nah… Having kept a low profile for so many years did he suddenly open up p now and become this forward Why was he looking at him again Mu Shui broke the eerie silence Shall we rest in the hotel Yes let’s go back to the hotel Guo Yong snapped out of it immediately He was afraid that Qi Xinghan might get frozen This revered figure was so precious s that he couldn't afford any injury… Everyone else in the crew suppressed the surging thoughts in their hearts They started packing up the equipment and props then everyone went back to the hotel Once they got to the hotel Mu Shui entered the bathroom first He turned on the shower When the room was filled with fog covering the glass door he finally pulled out his s phone to call his teacher His teacher must have called to remind him because he knew something But the call still couldn't get through Mu Shui wasn't discouraged; he immediately opened the browser and began searching with keywords Prominent bones on body The search results said that when people don't develop fully in the womb it easily leads to such conditions There had been cases of baby y girls being born with tails But Mu Shui searched high and low and found nothing fitting Qi Xinghan's situation so he changed his search term Can bones change size The search results were even more chaotic Not one was relevant Feeling helpless Mu Shui suddenly remembered a a campus forum he joined before When he later changed majors he followed his professor to his school which was a world-renowned medical university Their campus forum had a section for help requests Mu Shui posted this question there In no time there were dozens of replies under it Change in bone size That's the special effects artist's skill Upvote the previous comment By the way Water when will you come back to school Water has started watching movies Change in bone size only happens in movies Don't worry it's impossible in real life Water come back to school your senior will recommend d some good fantasy movies to you Water I need to see you for my illness Watch out upstairs or Professor Chen will chase you around and burst your head open Professor Chen dislikes when you u fabricate illnesses to fool Water Not a single reliable answer Angry Mu Shui closed the forum He put away his phone and began to undress slowly to take a shower But the hot water pouring over his head could not wash away Mu Shui's worries Right from the start of his career he hit rock bottom Without thinking Mu Shui raised his head Hot water splashed into his eyes blurring his vision Mu Shui reached up to rub his eyes It felt uncomfortable What kind of world was this anyway Wearing the hotel sleepwear Mu Shui walked out Guo Yong and the assistants came over too They brought takeout mutton hot pot with clear broth base The aroma of the food reached Mu Shui giving him a slight comfort Sitting together they finished eating the hot pot The two assistants quickly tidied up the messy plates and cups taking the garbage away with them Seeing Mu Shui's wet hair Guo Yong smiled and said Mr Mu should dry his hair first He couldn't bring himself to call him uncle anymore Mu Shui was heartbroken and despaired feeling his professional career was about to end Who cared about drying his hair With a few swipes he thought his hair smelled like hot pot I'll wash it again Mu Shui turned around and d went back into the bathroom Guo Yong sucked his teeth and said to Qi Xinghan Mr Mu doesn't seem very happy today What shall we do Qi Xinghan faintly replied Anyone who comes into contact t with me finds it hard to be happy Guo Yong hastily spoke What nonsense is that Everyone who contacts you is extremely happy Qi Xinghan didn't speak but rose walked to the side opened the drawer of the cabinet and pulled out a hairdryer When Mu Shui came out of the bathroom again he saw Qi Xinghan holding the hairdryer His handsome yet indifferent face paired with the act looked somewhat funny Mu Shui went over and sat down Qi Xinghan silently turned on the hairdryer and Mu Shui's dangling strands of wet t hair immediately started fluttering splashing water all over Guo Yong’s face Guo Yong wiped his face with his hand That was it; he was nothing but a third wheel I’m leaving first See you tomorrow After Guo Yong left the room only Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan were left in the room The loud hum of the hairdryer blocked out all other sounds from the outside world Mu Shui just sat there dazedly for quite a while before his mind started unconsciously y wandering—what kind of monster was Qi Xinghan anyway Did he eat people Kill people But as he thought about it more his thoughts began to wander further Was this the reason why Qi Xinghan had been sleeping in a wooden box Because if he slept in a bed he might wake up with the e mattress impaled on his back He wouldn’t be able to turn over either—once he did the blanket would tear apart and there’d be goose down flying everywhere Thankfully they could retract Otherwise… Having a massive bone blade hanging heavily on his back would make walking so troublesome—it would even cause herniated discs after some time wouldn’t it Entering the subway would result in him being flagged for carrying dangerous controlled weapons wouldn't it He couldn’t jump out of windows or enter narrow doors either—he'd get stuck right "......"The more he thought the more Mu Shui felt that Qi i Xinghan seemed somewhat pitiful Suddenly the buzzing in his ears stopped Qi Xinghan put away the hairdryer wrapped the cord neatly then placed it back in the drawer Mu Shui raised his hand to touch his hair—it was completely dry already and his whole head felt much warmer Thanks But Mu Shui was still a little upset Gripping his phone he started drafting a text message to the Dean You tricked me The fear that the Dean had shown initially had been real and he had indeed explained d the dangers of the patient stating that because of these dangers Mu Shui was needed to o monitor the situation closely But Mu Shui never expected that aside from mental disorders there would be an even bigger issue After sending the text Mu Shui felt slightly better Just as he was about to put his phone away a ding sounded—a new text message arrived Your card ending 3343 made a fast payment receipt of 10 000 yuan at 20 34 on December 13 Mu Shui sent another text to the Dean Immediately a new text came Your card ending 3343 made a He sent the same message again In anger Mu Shui consecutively y sent seven or eight messages And one by one he received seven or eight payment notifications Mu Shui … Alright he wasn't mad anymore But this also indirectly indicated how difficult Qi Xinghan really was to handle Mu Shui turned off his phone Then he looked towards his backpack It was placed on a small chair and a corner of his laptop peeked out Today’s report Not writing it Mu Shui eagerly climbed into bed Suddenly he felt an unprecedented sense of joy He tightened the blanket around himself and rolled over what difference did it make if he was a monster Even if Qi Xinghan grew a tail on his butt and two horns on his head he was still a patient suffering from m Cotard Syndrome who required medical treatment wasn’t he Chapter 8 A Fantastic World The collapse of one's worldview can have impacts that vary in magnitude Mu Shui tried to rationally assess his current situation and began building a new framework for his understanding of the world I cure myself After waking up in the morning he stayed under the covers for about two o hours before finally stabilizing his state He got up washed up and changed clothes Following Qi Xinghan downstairs Guo Yong was already waiting g downstairs with breakfast in hand He smiled and said There's no time for breakfast today let's head to the set Qi Xinghan responded with a Hmm then opened the car door Guo Yong glanced at Mu Shui and grinned meaningfully Mr Mu seems a little happier today A little bit Mu Shui lifted his fingers using his thumb and pinky to make a small gesture Guo Yong sighed in relief It's good that he's cheered up You wouldn't think that t Brother Qi could also console people Everyone got in the car and it quickly drove toward the filming location Upon arriving and getting out of the car there were already quite a few people on the set with the director shouting loudly Hurry up with makeup quick Qi Xinghan went off to get made up Mu Shui sat on a small chair beside the director a crew member ran out asking Has anyone seen Sister Ya Sister Ya was the lead actress in the production someone Mu Shui had come across when n looking up information on Qi Xinghan Her full name seemed to be Ding Ya and the media called her an ex-traffic c darling and today's promising future star Haven't seen her I haven't seen Sister Ya since early morning Where's Sister Ya's agent The agent returned to the company leaving only a few assistants behind Wait I'll call her assistant The chaos started brewing on the set With filming about to start and still unable to locate the person everyone knew every minute cost money not to mention nobody wanted d to leave Qi Xinghan waiting Several phone calls were placed by the staff but none produced any results The assistant said Sister Ya wasn't feeling well last night and decided to stay at the set longer dismissing her assistants This morning the assistant knocked on the door only to o find Sister Ya hadn't gone home all night What nonsense is this The director frowned and swore Ding Ya was famous and talented in acting but she wasn't on the same level as Qi i Xinghan—someone who makes every director adore him A fleeting image flashed through Mu Shui's mind When they left the building yesterday Ding Ya had looked drained leaning back on the metal chair Her face covered with blood sweat damp hair plastered against her forehead her eyes unfocused lips slightly parted—it was as if she was lost in some e kind of mental space and couldn't come back to herself Mu Shui moved his lips Go check the small l building we filmed in yesterday Could Sister Ya have fallen asleep there The crew member exclaimed d in shock and turned around calling over two more workers to go check In such cold weather what if she catches a cold The crew member sighed worriedly If she fell ill it would delay the progress of the production As they kept murmuring they headed towards the small building The wait lasted for about ten minutes Qi Xinghan had finished getting made up and stepped out in his costume complete with splashes of blood d from the previous day’s shoot Qi Xinghan seemed to have a very good temper; when told by others that they'd have to wait a bit longer because Ding Ya had disappeared he didn't show a single trace of impatience The director gestured for Qi Xinghan to come over I feel there are other ways to present this part let's discuss it Qi Xinghan nodded pulled over a chair and sat next to Mu Shui Behind the monitor was just enough space but once the three gathered together it became a bit crowded Fearing to crowd Qi Xinghan the director shrank a bit making himself look especially pitiable But before Qi Xinghan could speak a crew member came running up breathlessly Director He swallowed pale-faced Mu Shui instantly felt a sense of foreboding The crew member opened his mouth His sudden fear caused him to temporarily lose his voice and no one heard clearly what he said The director furrowed his brow and asked What What happened Speak up Sister Ya It seems like Sister Ya might be dead Upon hearing these words everyone was startled A chill ran down their spines and all of them felt weak in the limbs The director managed to hold it together He stood up and asked What do you mean 'seems' Didn't see clearly The crew member a young man in his twenties now looked like he was about t to cry as his mouth twitched We didn't dare didn't dare to look closely Would you would you check it out Brother Zhao and another r one are keeping watch there Go take a look The director's face turned pale instantly If Ding Ya had really died it would have an immense impact on the production It might be impossible to continue filming the actors probably wouldn’t t want to keep shooting either and there would be no o guarantee that even if they did finish it would pass the review They secured funding based on their reputations If things went awry here he’d be finished Mu Shui subtly furrowed his brow How could she be dead Qi Xinghan also started heading towards the small building with everyone else including Guo Yong Everyone’s expressions were filled with unease The other female actors stayed rooted at the spot Their faces had turned deathly pale—none e of them wanted to move forward anymore Mu Shui silently followed behind What happened Could it have anything to do with Qi Xinghan They quickly reached the small building When they came yesterday Mu Shui had noticed the discomfort t this building’s decoration gave off But at the time others didn't notice such details Now they gradually began breaking into cold sweats their faces turning pale as they almost t froze while walking down the narrow hallway There are too many people; only a few need to go upstairs The director decided immediately The rest actually didn’t dare to go upstairs either Affected by the surrounding environment even before seeing Ding Ya they already felt chills s running through their bodies They nodded and turned around first As soon as Mu Shui found himself surrounded by empty space Guo Yong looked back and saw how thin Mu Shui appeared He hurriedly spoke you should wait downstairs Don't get frightened Together Mu Shui said taking a few quick steps to catch h up with Qi Xinghan and the others The director no longer cared who was following along He led his assistant and briskly headed d toward the room they shot in yesterday where two staff members were guarding outside Seeing them arrive they immediately stood up their voices trembling Director we didn't dare to look The director walked straight inside Qi Xinghan Mu Shui and the others closely followed him The director just took one glance then turned away Due to the shocking impact his voice momentarily failed him so when he opened his mouth it came out hoarse and strained like he was screaming with all his might Call the police Hurry and call the police Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan were the odd ones out in the middle Both were staring at the iron chair The handle on the chair was bent outward d as if someone had forced it open violently On the chair sat Ding Ya Her hands rested on the armrests and she sat perfectly upright eyes wide open looking ahead as if still alive In reality her whole body had been cut apart Her neck wrists waist and legs were all sliced open But the killer put her back together after cutting her so at first glance nothing seemed unusual Only upon closer inspection could one see e the signs of brokenness at her neck and wrists streaked with blood Ding Ya was still wearing yesterday's costume—a white dress The dress was soaked in blood likely from several hours earlier The blood had partially dried leaving large patches of dark red The blood the dress couldn't absorb flowed to the ground forming a pool beneath the chair legs The director's assistant's legs gave way and he sat down hard shaking Brother Qi’s character doesn’t t he love using a filleting knife cutting people open first then peeling the meat off their bones Stop talking The director screamed in response He leaned against the wall to steady his swaying body Let's go downstairs find some people to guard the e place until the police arrive Downstairs downstairs The crew members rushed to o support the director as they descended Guo Yong was deeply affected by what he'd seen He clutched onto Qi Xinghan let's leave too It looked like he was supporting Qi Xinghan but in fact he relied entirely on Qi Xinghan to stay y standing—he might have collapsed otherwise As they were walking Guo Yong suddenly turned his head and asked are you scared You must be terrified too Come on let me support you But before he finished Guo Yong's voice trailed off Mr Mu’s delicate and youthful l face showed no trace of fear his slightly furrowed brows gave an n impression of sadness rather than fright Guo Yong swallowed the rest of his words and changed the subject Let's just wait for the police sigh By the time they reached the ground floor most of the crew had already gathered there Everyone was ashen-faced clearly distressed Has anyone called the police yet What exactly happened Is Ya really gone Was it murder or an accident What should we do now Could some idiot have watched d Qi's performances and mimicked it Ding Ya's assistant had just rushed over from the hotel She collapsed in relief at t the bottom of the stairs utterly unwilling to o climb up to see what happened The area buzzed with chaotic voices Guo Yong immediately pulled out his phone to contact the company Meanwhile Qi Xinghan and Mu Shui stood alone separated from everyone else Qi Xinghan suddenly murmured I didn’t do it Before Mu Shui could respond Qi Xinghan turned his gaze directly toward him fixing him with a penetrating stare They've told you I'm a killer haven't they unsure how to answer so he merely pressed his lips together Qi Xinghan's eyes continued to bore into him as if waiting for a response After a long pause Mu Shui finally replied slowly It wasn’t caused by a knife cut He had been thinking earlier that Qi Xinghan suffered from a mental illness but was portraying a character with schizophrenia on set Even normal actors struggled to detach h themselves from their roles—what about Qi Xinghan who oscillated between playing a refined d university professor and a ruthless murderer Could this dual persona have e affected him more severely However Ding Ya hadn’t been cut with a knife This meant it had nothing to do with the filleting knife from the movie—or even less with Qi Xinghan himself Qi Xinghan softly spoke up They’ll never find the killer Why Mu Shui questioned But Qi Xinghan fell silent Could they not find the killer because Qi Xinghan was indeed the culprit That possibility seemed slim Or perhaps A sudden realization struck Mu Shui Or maybe the killer wasn't human Having already seen a Qi Xinghan with spines growing out of his back Mu Shui now considered the possibility of f other monstrous entities existing in this world Qi Xinghan had recognized it instantly because he was one of them This explanation made the most sense to Mu Shui His train of thought was interrupted by the wailing of sirens The police arrived swiftly several officers emerging from the vehicles They immediately secured the scene e and began investigating upstairs With the investigation underway the production had no choice but to halt filming From the director actors to crew members everyone was filled with unprecedented anxiety Actors had postponed their schedules to join the project; an unsatisfactory outcome would amount to wasted time and part of their compensation Amidst the widespread unease Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan remained eerily calm like anomalies Qi Xinghan's fortune was inexhaustible and his awards were countless His status wealth and fame within the industry were secure Even if this film project failed it wouldn’t affect him in the slightest And as for Mu Shui Mu Shui knew he lacked a certain level of empathy which was why he'd chosen n cross-span psychology originally Thus after encountering Ding Ya Mu Shui felt sad for her but only to a limited extent without deeper emotions such as fear panic or immense anger Upon finishing his call Guo Yong returned promptly The company has sent cars to pick everyone up Filming is canceled he announced wiping sweat from his forehead His complexion was still pale glistening with cold sweat Qi Xinghan could confidently announce the cessation of shooting without needing to pay for breach-of-contract penalties; his company Taotie Entertainment would cover those costs willingly Qi Xinghan gave a brief acknowledgment The director overheard Guo Yong's words and sighed deeply saying Alright let’s go back Thanks for your effort Qi Brother sorry about all this inconvenience No problem Qi Xinghan glanced at the director’s slumped face Director take care of yourself and rest well With that Qi Xinghan and the young assistant prepared to leave Naturally Mu Shui followed along As they were leaving Mu Shui couldn’t help but look back The small building under the sunlight seemed to be cloaked in a a layer of ink-like shadow gray and gloomy Someone suddenly called him Mu Shui turned around and saw the director's assistant carrying a small bag coming over The director said this is for Qi Brother the assistant said Mu Shui accepted it There's also a portion for Mr Mu the assistant added The attention was truly considerate to the utmost extent Even at such a moment the director hadn’t forgotten to o prepare an extra gift for Mu Shui Mu Shui immediately smiled at the assistant The assistant hesitated there for a moment There it goes again The assistant thought in his heart He tightly stared at Mu Shui's cheek feeling as if he couldn't tear his gaze away Mu Shui turned around with the small bag; not far off Qi Xinghan had stopped seemingly waiting for him Mu Shui hurried to his side and Qi Xinghan’s eyes seemed d to reflect a hint of coldness Everyone then got into the car together Mu Shui handed the bag to Qi Xinghan The director sent this what's the name of the director's assistant Guo Yong looked back and said His name is Zhao Yun People in the previous s crew always called him Zilong Qi Xinghan took the bag and casually tossed it aside It must be tranquilizing tea again The director loves giving this out Given today’s incident I reckon he handed over at t least two boxes to Qi Brother Guo Yong usually wasn't a chatterbox yet today on the car ride he wouldn't stop talking Mu Shui cooperatively responded with sporadic words here and there Guo Yong was genuinely shaken so he used this method to relieve his tension After driving for about two hours they finally returned to the e apartment building where Qi Xinghan lived Guo Yong still felt a chill running through him the scene etched into his s mind refusing to fade away He couldn't help but speak up why don’t we all stay home tonight Helplessly Guo Yong said Alright call me if anything happens Qi Xinghan and Mu Shui began walking towards the building Once inside the elevator Mu Shui realized that the bag of f calming tea had been left in the car Ding the elevator doors opened and they y quickly arrived at their respective floor y gone out and opened the door Mu Shui therefore decided not to mention the matter of the calming tea anymore since its significance mainly rested on it being a gift for Qi Xinghan Downstairs Guo Yong deliberated back and forth still feeling somewhat scared He thus took the assistant t along and stayed in a nearby hotel News that Ding Ya had been murdered in the crew spread rapidly the trending topic almost bursting with traffic Simultaneously gaining prominence on the trending list was Qi Xinghan After finishing his shower Mu Shui set aside his notebook choosing to abandon n writing his report for tonight he sat on the couch and began using his s phone to search more about Qi Xinghan In doing so he came across this particular event and found d himself navigating into Weibo from web pages The Weibo app had long been downloaded onto his phone yet Mu Shui had never clicked it t open before—today was purely accidental After contemplating for a while he figured out where the e trending topics were located Upon checking the trending topic chart the first two items read #Ding Ya Brutally Murdered# #Qi Xinghan Suffers from Schizophrenia# Selecting one at random Mu Shui found that the comment section beneath the e first relevant Weibo post was already in utter chaos I’ve heard the murder method was identical to the one used by the character Qi Xinghan played in the movie My goodness isn’t this supposed to be just a novel plot How did it move into real life What are we going to do about my Big Brother Qi QAQ Could he have also been targeted by a psycho To be honest don't you find Qi Xinghan very strange Good-looking skilled at everything and always gentlemanly—almost all gossip news online e about him are fabricated… A person with no flaws to pick on isn’t that quite scary Mu Shui watched as those e commenting got thoroughly bashed by fans Mu Shui backed out and closed Weibo He was unaware that the internet was already ablaze with the turmoil Brother Qi has logged in My star has come online Just came online What should we do ah I'm so worried will our godlike figure also get hurt Please catch the murderer soon On Mu Shui's phone the Weibo account remained logged in And the username was Unaware the fans' messages filled the Weibo platform none knowing that Mu Shui was s merely browsing the trending topics At this time Qi Xinghan emerged from the bathroom He had just received a phone call The CEO of Taotie Entertainment personally called over telling him not to go on Weibo so as not to be affected by the incident After all Qi Xinghan rarely had any negative publicity; it was s inevitable that some people might feel this was finally their chance thus relentlessly pinning the murderer's s label onto Qi Xinghan over this matter Mu Shui heard the bathroom door opening He glanced up at Qi Xinghan and asked quietly Do you know who the murderer is I don’t Even Qi Xinghan didn't know So what kind of… monster could it be Mu Shui involuntarily rubbed his hair In the past he only needed to worry about t various psychological disorders But now after suddenly coming into o contact with another world Mu Shui couldn’t help but start thinking How many such monsters actually exist Are they all like Qi Xinghan or more like the murderer deciding to deal with this anxiety y by burying himself under the soft fluffy blankets Then I'll go to sleep he said before entering g the bedroom with his phone Qi Xinghan simply watched as Mu Shui went in without making another sound It was just a Weibo account—no big deal To be precise for him nothing really mattered anymore Mu Shui entered the bedroom Once lying down in bed and curling up under the quilt Mu Shui remembered the forgotten n photograph of the second patient He immediately logged into his email downloaded the attachment and opened it The man in the photo leaned against a blue-and-white background He was wearing blue-and-white striped clothing which looked like a hospital gown Only his upper body was shown in the picture Yet just from this Mu Shui could instantly y visualize his towering figure Upon seeing this photo Mu Shui roughly understood what the Dean had meant — — about how his condition showed signs of losing control and the first thing he e would destroy would be himself The man had an extremely rugged face He had long hair tied back loosely Below were prominent eyebrows slanting into his temples paired with a pair of amber-colored eyes their depths filled with an icy y indifference reminiscent of a wild beast’s gaze A straight nose followed and his lips were slightly tilted upwards There was a faint curve at the corner of his mouth exuding a sense of unrestrained arrogance coupled with mockery and sarcasm That smile made his entire face come alive A fierce aura radiated from him easily bringing to mind the magnificent yet twisted and eerie masks s crafted by ancient tribes centuries ago using all their skill and heart It was as if he himself f were a beautiful piece of art Chapter 9 Catch HimHe looked like a weapon of destruction Mu Shui silently slapped a label on him in his mind He seemed hard to deal with so it was better to wait a little longer With that thought Mu Shui turned off his s phone and drifted off to sleep The next day after getting up washing his face and brushing his teeth Mu Shui walked out of the bedroom to find d the living room already filled with people The overly spacious area a suddenly had a human touch Mr Mu is awake Guo Yong looked up and greeted him his brow furrowed Hmm Mu Shui nodded glancing around Apart from Qi Xinghan's staff there were also police officers present We'll need both of you to cooperate with our investigation the officer said with a warm smile Let's go Qi Xinghan stood up from the sofa this large group collectively made their way y downstairs and headed towards the police station Mu Shui had never been to a police station before When he got out of the car he couldn't help but look around first Brother Qi Mr Mu someone approached and greeted them Mu Shui looked up and saw the young man whose eyes drooped slightly at the corners with dark circles and chapped lips His whole face exuded an aura of despair It was the director’s assistant Zhao Yun who Mu Shui remembered Guo Yong mentioning Qi Xinghan acknowledged Zhao Yun with a slight nod upon hearing his voice Zhao Yun wasn’t looking at Qi Xinghan; instead his gaze was fixated on Mu Shui making Mu Shui feel somewhat strange Thus Mu Shui could only offer a forced smile Good morning Zhao Yun responded seriously his gaze still glued to Mu Shui His expression appeared vacant as though something had caught t his attention and wouldn't let go Qi Xinghan suddenly stopped in his tracks and grabbed Mu Shui's wrist Let's go inside he said while pulling Mu Shui past t Zhao Yun and straight up the steps Zhao Yun stood dumbfounded for a moment in his spot before moving A bystander called out to him Brother Zhao let’s head back… we still need d to report back to the film crew Wait just a bit more Zhao Yun whispered as if speaking to the person n beside him or perhaps to himself Then he turned and walked in a completely opposite direction Someone behind him couldn’t help muttering What nonsense Could he have been scared out t of his wits by the crime scene After saying that no one followed him Everyone involved was mentally y exhausted from this murder case leaving them without any y energy to care about others Upon entering the police station Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan were separately y invited into individual interrogation rooms They were mainly asked about their timelines to confirm everything checked out and then they were allowed to leave Mu Shui pushed his chair away stood up and couldn’t resist asking one more question Did the autopsy results for Miss Ding come back The policeman hesitated for a moment before answering him Yes they did What about it The wounds on her body Mu Shui began The policeman frowned and said They weren't caused by any cutting tools which is precisely the strangest point The autopsy revealed that her r wounds seem like they might have been The policeman suddenly met Mu Shui's clear r black-and-white eyes and abruptly paused chuckling a bit nervously Sorry why am I telling you all this It might scare you You're free to go Not caused by any cutting tools Mu Shui paused for a second d before slowly speaking again Then could they have been torn apart forcefully The policeman's expression froze instantly He stared at Mu Shui for a moment Despite the boy's innocent t and slightly naive looks his sharp gaze was unmistakably piercing In these times a policeman has some ability to judge people The policeman picked up the water cup on the table and spoke Yeah according to the final autopsy result the forensic pathologists speculated that the e wounds might have been forcefully torn open hence the uneven cuts Sounds pretty horrifying huh The policeman chuckled lightly pushing Mu Shui towards the exit Don't listen to such stories; you might have nightmares when you get home tonight The policeman added Mu Shui didn't pursue further questions anymore Nodding he said If there's anything else I can help with later please give me a call This was the first time the policeman encountered someone so proactive and he immediately smiled Sure leave your number Serious and formal Mu Shui left his contact t information before turning and walking out Just a few steps outside Mu Shui ran into Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan had also completed his inquiry and the officer trailing behind d him apologetically excused himself We’ve taken up too much of your time It's fine Qi Xinghan replied As Qi Xinghan and Mu Shui walked out together Mu Shui lowered his voice and asked The autopsy results are out The wounds on her body were e caused by being torn apart forcefully d of thing could cause such wounds I don't know By the time they had stepped out of the police station Qi Xinghan stopped at the entrance suddenly looked down at Mu Shui and repeated I know nothing Qi Xinghan likely didn't realize that he'd already touched his little bones and knew his true form Mu Shui didn't want to provoke him further so he simply kept quiet and ceased questioning The car was waiting outside Guo Yong approached and said We need to go to the company; ; the president is waiting for you Qi Xinghan however remained silent and first glanced at Mu Shui Mu Shui immediately asked Can I come along Get in Qi Xinghan pulled open the e car door and gave a crisp order Mu Shui smiled at him and quickly got in Taotie Entertainment was an old-school powerhouse in China's entertainment circle The building housing the e company was extravagantly magnificent a famous landmark in Jinshui City When the chauffeur-driven car stopped at the building the security guards must've been tipped off early—they y promptly came out to open the door and maintain order That's Qi Xinghan's car Wucao Wucao As soon as the car doors opened Mu Shui heard the excited d murmurs from nearby pedestrians No wonder all the security personnel were out Mu Shui silently thought After Qi Xinghan got out of the car a guard was about to guide him inside when Qi Xinghan n turned around and leaned on the car door with one hand Get out More and more passers-by had gathered to pause and watch pulling out their phones to take e photos while someone whispered curiously Who else is in the car Wocao it's a major scoop Hurry up take pictures All these voices drifted into Mu Shui's ears Among the cacophony of chatters s and the sound of cars driving by a small but peculiar noise seeped d through into Mu Shui’s consciousness Mu Shui immediately got out of the car straightened his back then looked toward the distance Wow Is this Taotie Entertainment's new talent He just got out of the car with Qi Xinghan Could he be specifically y chosen to accompany Qi Xinghan What's he looking at Don't knowQi Xinghan also asked What are you looking at Mu Shui's gaze locked onto a taxi parked nearby He could almost hear r faint mumbling coming from it softly repeating Why Why Without speaking or showing any change in expression Qi Xinghan abruptly raised his arm m and hugged Mu Shui tightly to his chest his towering frame nearly y instantly shielding Mu Shui completely Then he carried Mu Shui like this toward the building entrance For a moment everyone froze And then screams erupted echoing through the air Aaaaaaaaahhhh god The male idol is hugging me At the same time camera shutters clicked continuously Mu Shui's perplexed face thus appeared in countless frames frozen in time Underneath the traffic lights not far away The young man sat on the backseat of the taxi his face slightly pale and yellowish He still stared in the direction Mu Shui had left muttering Why Why His eyes seemed unfocused endlessly repeating those words I have to catch him Then I'll know why That was what the young man thought Chapter 10 The MurdererQi Xinghan entered the president's s office to chat with the CEO of Taotie Entertainment Mu Shui sat on the leather sofa outside waiting quietly No one had seen him before so they were extremely curious s but also too afraid to approach him Following Qi Xinghan and d dressed like a little prince he must be some family’s young master They didn't know that half a month ago Mu Shui was still hugging a second-hand smartphone e and earning only twenty-five hundred yuan per month Hello would you like some coffee The young female e secretary offered a cup of coffee Mu Shui took it with both hands Thank youYou're welcome The female secretary lightly touched his fingers startling Mu Shui into pulling back quickly Watching his reaction the female secretary chuckled Sorry I startled you Are you a friend of Mr QiNo deciding not to elaborate much on the e complicated relationship between himself and Qi Xinghan The female secretary was undeterred by his coldness and said cheerfully Oh by the way there was a call from downstairs just now saying someone was waiting for you and Mr WhoSeems to be from a previous production team the door behind him opened Qi Xinghan walked out with Guo Yong I'll drive you two…Qi Xinghan replied No needThen walking over to Mu Shui he whispered Let's go Mu Shui stood up and followed him toward the elevator On the way he asked Did something happen that upset you Scheduling the next work plan So fast Mu Shui expressed his surprise aloud Was he too unfamiliar with this circle Someone had just died and they were already y preparing to dive into new work again Wasn't that a bit too hurried Hmm Qi Xinghan responded and the elevator doors opened at the same moment They had reached the first floor Walking out together Mu Shui paused momentarily and spoke I think Mr Qi should put work aside for now w and take some time to rest properly High-intensity work could bring immense psychological stress which was certainly detrimental to his condition While saying this Mu Shui glanced around the reception desk k area but saw no one mentioned by the secretary The place was empty with not a soul in sight As Mu Shui felt confused he suddenly heard Qi Xinghan say AlrightHuh turning his head questioningly Alright what Rest Qi Xinghan said It was unexpectedly easy to convince him PerfectA cooperative and proactive patient With his bank card tucked in his pocket it wasn't wasted effort to stay behind Will this leave any impact on your work if you stop NoThat's good They got in the car and the driver drove them back to the building Mu Shui looked through the window raising his gaze toward the sky How late has it become The sun was slowly setting spreading evening red d clouds across the entire sky A fleeting image flashed through Mu Shui’s mind He immediately remembered the day when Qi Xinghan and Ding Ya shot their rival scenes inside the small building The driver sitting in front said Winter has arrived so the nights come early… Mu Shui couldn’t clearly hear the following words as the voice gradually faded away becoming vague It felt as though a hand d was covering Mu Shui’s ears isolating him from the external world Mu Shui continued staring outside the window The sunset resembling clouds moved and dispersed ahead draping the entire city in a blood-red glow When they got out of the car Mu Shui was still somewhat disoriented like someone trapped in shallow sleep conscious but unable to break free from the dream It wasn’t until Qi Xinghan grasped his wrist and asked softly Tired Should I carry you Qi Xinghan’s voice pierced through the membrane muffling his ears resounding clearly in his head Mu Shui snapped back to reality trying to pull his hand away but without success No I'm heavy Mu Shui insisted seriously Besides he was really afraid—what if Qi Xinghan’s s bony back stabbed through him somehow… No thank you definitely not Qi Xinghan did not press further; instead he led Mu Shui swiftly y past the security checkpoint After stepping into the building he turned around and scanned the area once more There was only a guard sitting there Mu Shui suddenly clutched onto his sleeve Qi Xinghan stopped momentarily lowering his eyes to glance at him slowly He's followed us upstairs Mu Shui whispered lowering his voice Qi Xinghan softly responded Let's go up A guess slowly formed in Mu Shui's mind Is it the murderer following us Qi Xinghan didn't say anything and then just like during the day he wrapped an arm around Mu Shui's s back and led him toward the elevator Mu Shui almost confirmed the other person's identity That person had followed them all the way to Taotie Entertainment; they had undoubtedly come from the police station It wasn’t hard to understand why they y would be at the police station either Many murderers enjoy watching closely as the police and the deceased's family express their anger and anxiety after a killing Some may even go so far as to o revisit the victim's corpse Mu Shui didn't know much about criminal psychology but he did have a rough idea Mu Shui opened his mouth slightly Should we report to the police As soon as he said it he felt it wasn’t quite right If someone acted like Qi Xinghan—a monster calling the police wouldn’t help Mu Shui was also somewhat confused now Before he had never been involved in such a a bizarre world…what should he do in this situation The elevator chimed as it arrived Qi Xinghan calmly opened the door and Mu Shui walked in with him So far nothing strange had happened yet Mu Shui knew very little about this new species that had appeared He didn’t understand how w these creatures killed people which made it difficult to guard against them The evening clouds gradually disappeared from the horizon There was a low sound snap Mu Shui heard something collide with the window Mu Shui stood up and walked to the window where a dark shadow loomed The shape of the shadow was rather strange and Mu Shui quickly took two steps back Just as he moved away the glass shattered and the shadow rushed inside colliding violently with the e standing lamp next to the large window causing it to topple over Mu Shui touched his nose AhAfter mentioning the need for lighting Qi Xinghan had arranged for lamps s to be installed throughout the house There were ceiling lights s and floor lamps everywhere The shadow struggled a bit before standing up Only then did Mu Shui clearly see its full appearance Its body was deformed—its arms and thighs looked like they were stuffed with massive tumors so the skin bulged grotesquely as if there were four giant t hammers grafted onto its torso The only part still intact was its face It was easy to distinguish the features of his facial structure at a glance Zhao Yun Mu Shui remembered his name clearly This gave Mu Shui an uncomfortable feeling because the assistant director had always stared at him intently during their previous encounters Zhao Yun's gaze was unfocused but his eyeballs did not move; ; they remained fixed on Mu Shui Grab and I will know he croaked as he tilted his head Get out Qi Xinghan suddenly snapped his usually deep and d mesmerizing voice now cold and icy But Zhao Yun couldn't hear his voice Instead Zhao Yun wobbled toward Mu Shui reaching out with a hand and d smiling faintly at the corner of his lips Strange truly strange Zhao Yun sped up his pace He looked really handsome Just by looking at him one would be drawn in—it was s like being caught in a vortex a vortexHe needed to grab him Zhao Yun lunged forward Qi Xinghan grabbed Mu Shui's wrist and pushed him backward while clamping down on Zhao Yun with the other hand Only then did Mu Shui notice that Qi Xinghan had already taken off his shirt at some point Mu Shui glanced at his bare back On it protruded a jagged spine-like bone with a sharp tip faintly spotted with blood Qi Xinghan gripped the sharp end of the bone spike and pulled it out abruptly This bone was long It was as if he had forcibly removed part of his own backbone leaving him holding a curved lengthy bone dagger Mu Shui tilted his head upward and caught sight of a larger shadow cast on the wall It was just like what he saw in the small building that day Reaching upward to split through the ceiling and downward to pierce through the carpet its enormous shape stretched d far beyond the actual room size Chapter 11 Drawing the KnifeMu Shui paused for a moment then silently stepped back three paces crouched down and picked up the clothes Qi Xinghan's shirt suit jacket and overcoat were e scattered carelessly on the carpet Mu Shui gathered them all up in his arms It was as if he were a cheerleader responsible e for carrying clothes and water at a competition Zhao Yun on this side couldn’t see Qi Xinghan at all; his entire focus was locked onto Mu Shui Seeing Mu Shui stepping back he instinctively moved forward to chase him Qi Xinghan’s fingers gripping the bone knife suddenly tightened and the blade swung toward Zhao Yun Instinctively Zhao Yun raised his hand to intercept it There was a pffft and the bone blade easily y severed two of his fingers which flew off and left a faint t bloodstain on the lampshade of the floor lamp Mu Shui involuntarily softened his breathing It was too dangerous A mentally unstable person already has some level of aggressiveness and the Zhao Yun before him looked like e a combination of a madman and a monster having completely lost his sanity Mu Shui had always been aware of his own capabilities and at this moment he absolutely wouldn’t step p forward and offer himself up as bait Holding the clothes he huddled behind the couch He almost put Qi Xinghan's coat over his head as well only leaving a pair of eyes exposed But Zhao Yun's gaze followed his movement Not paying attention to his damaged hand he stumbled unsteadily clumsily moving towards Mu Shui’s direction Qi Xinghan flickered his eyelids standing still where he was and swung the bone knife again A huge shadow accompanied the swing aiming to block Zhao Yun around the waist Judging by the sharpness just now once cut across the waist Zhao Yun would be instantly split into two halves Zhao Yun suddenly threw w himself flat on the ground dodging that strike Then just like something untamed he pushed with his back foot against the carpet and d quickly grabbed Qi Xinghan's ankle with his intact hand He finally noticed Qi Xinghan Crouching on the ground his bloodshot eyes opened wide and he snarled Tear you apart… Grab him…The e strength in Zhao Yun’s arms was immense The fleshy tumors lurking beneath his skin n probably provided the source of his power As soon as he finished speaking he grabbed Qi Xinghan and pulled him down Tear you apart… Zhao Yun said placing his mangled hand on Qi Xinghan's waist pressing most of his body onto Qi Xinghan Seeing this scene Mu Shui could roughly imagine how w Ding Ya’s limbs and head were torn off Qi Xinghan remained unperturbed waiting specifically until l Zhao Yun approached closer arching his upper body slightly then springing from the ground while simultaneously grabbing Zhao o Yun's neck with one hand and slashing the bone knife with the other Another pffft All this happened so quickly like lightning that Zhao Yun was still immersed in the joy of being about to tear his s opponent apart and hadn't realized yet that his whole right hand had been chopped off Zhao Yun let out a hoarse roar that didn't sound human Swinging his other hand he attempted to break free Qi Xinghan's skin was pale looking like a frail patient his strength wasn't any less than Zhao Yun's Despite Zhao Yun's struggle he couldn’t break free Pffft—In the blink of an eye his left hand was also cut off Qi Xinghan suddenly stood up gripping Zhao Yun's neck forcefully then flung him away With a hoarse scream Zhao Yun cried out even n more shrilly a moment later At the same time Qi Xinghan flung him he also flung the bone knife Zhao Yun was nailed to the black k wooden door of Qi Xinghan’s bedroom Drops of blood fell soon flowing down the wooden door r and blending into the black carpet Qi Xinghan's expression quickly returned to calm His face and body were e splattered with dark red blood As he stood up the blood dripped from his chin onto his chest mixing with the blood on his chest t and sliding along his abdominal line finally disappearing into the black trousers Mu Shui exhaled shallowly a part of his brain numb from shock He slowly furrowed his brow somewhat troubled by the thought Guardians Could he possibly handle this Eighteen Mu Shuis wouldn’t be enough for him Now…we can call the police Qi Xinghan said hoarsely Mu Shui stood up from behind the couch handing the clothes to Qi Xinghan one by one asking When the police come and see this scene what should we do Self-defense Qi Xinghan replied nonchalantly The sound of Zhao Yun's cries still echoed in their ears Mu Shui blinked cautiously Alright I'll go make the call then Qi Xinghan suddenly spoke as he stared at him Wait a moment Hmm Mu Shui raised his eyes to look at him again Qi Xinghan pointed at Mu Shui's brow center Blood There were also a few splashes of blood on Mu Shui but not much The most noticeable one was the splash right t in the middle of his brow—a round drop of blood resembling a cinnabar mole carefully drawn there It made him appear even more e with rosy lips and white teeth as if piercing straight into someone's heart Mu Shui let out an Ah then raised his hand to wipe the blood away But Qi Xinghan moved faster curving his knuckles and gently y wiping it off Mu Shui’s forehead Did it come off Mu Shui blinked and asked Yeah it's gone Mu Shui took a pack of tissues from his pocket Do you want to clean yourself too Qi Xinghan shook his head slightly then turned and walked towards Zhao Yun Zhao Yun was nailed firmly to the wooden door bleeding all over the floor Strangely he hadn’t died immediately yet He was still struggling fiercely and his eyes remained locked onto Mu Shui Mu Shui really called the police officer who had left his number before and only after finishing the call did d he walk over to stand beside Zhao Yun Qi Xinghan rasped How did the institute describe me to you Tricky Mu Shui selected a tactful word to summarize Qi Xinghan’s lips curved slightly upward revealing a smile—one that would surely trigger screams s from thousands of young girls under any other circumstance But now covered in blood his smile only added to the unsettling aura He suddenly turned to look at Mu Shui and whispered I'm a monster The institute probably told you this too Mu Shui Mm hummed lightly You even touched me Mu Shui didn’t hide anything followed with another Mm while his eyes glimmered brightly With sincere tone he complimented Mr Qi’s waist is really pleasant to touch I wasn’t intentionally y feeling for your bone knife Qi Xinghan suddenly fell silent Mu Shui couldn’t help turning to look at him Qi Xinghan pressed his lips tightly together Why had the conversation reached a sudden awkward pause Mu Shui wondered aimlessly am I perhaps just destined to create cold moments It was Zhao Yun's murmuring that brought everyone's attention back Why why Zhao Yun kept staring at Mu Shui muttering Strange so strange Mu Shui opened his mouth speaking calmly as if conversing casually What about me seems strange After hearing Mu Shui’s voice Zhao Yun strangely calmed down He struggled hard to think his pale yellow face stained d with blood wrinkling severely You have magic Like a whirlpool like a whirlpool dragging people away pulling them away I found you I need to catch you eat you and find out why Zhao Yun smiled faintly at the end of his words Why kill Ding Ya Zhao Yun recalled painstakingly Because she discovered a monster She has to die Mu Shui felt a pang deep inside and silently noted in his mental little notebook Monsters dislike being discovered Once exposed they will kill Mu Shui asked another question Why become a monster Zhao Yun tilted his head Don't know Mu Shui lowered his voice his tone and appearance naturally exuding warmth subconsciously carrying an allure e that lured people into confiding He asked Do you really not know No idea Zhao Yun said blankly Only after this did Mu Shui take a step back his tone slightly tinged with regret He truly doesn't know Qi Xinghan stayed quiet Without saying a word he withdrew the bone knife and d slid it slowly back along his spine A natural sheath Zhao Yun’s chest had been punctured with a large hole and he had lost both his hands looking almost like a human stick Lying on the ground he writhed weakly a couple of times unable to get up Soon the police arrived Upon witnessing such a scene they all changed expressions drastically Yet Qi Xinghan's tone remained utterly calm Have someone answer the Director's call He knows how to handle this As if he'd already been through such scenes countless times So Qi Xinghan must have killed before He had indeed killed but what he killed seemed more e like humans turned monstrous Mu Shui’s worldview was once again toppled over completely and he was currently making g efforts to reconstruct it The policeman hesitated and said to Qi Xinghan Mu please accompany us to the police e station to record your testimonies Qi Xinghan readily agreed and reverted to o being the cooperative big-name actor he was before Qi Xinghan wiped off the blood changed his clothes and then went downstairs with Mu Shui As for the clothes he had taken off they were taken away as evidence by the police The officers probably also understood that this case wasn’t one to be judged by common sense so Mu Shui quickly finished d his statement without any hassle After he came out Qi Xinghan still hadn't appeared Mu Shui stood at the doorstep of the police station and made a call to the Dean Sorry the user you dialed is temporarily out of service Mu Shui’s face puffed up in frustration Right at this moment Qi Xinghan was escorted out by a middle-aged man n who smiled and waved goodbye before returning inside And Qi Xinghan walked directly to Mu Shui’s side He leaned down slightly and whispered I don’t kill people Mu Shui put his phone away and abruptly turned around If you're worried Qi Xinghan fished a pair of f handcuffs from his pocket When did you sneak them out of the police station Mu Shui couldn’t help asking Just now As Qi Xinghan spoke he snapped the handcuffs onto his own left wrist leaving the other end open for Mu Shui Perhaps he truly didn't want Mu Shui to fear him Mu Shui blinked repeatedly You’re asking me if I think you took the cuffs but what about the keys Did you grab those too "......"Mu Shui sighed Call me daddy and I'll go get your keys Qi Xinghan"......" The sky grew darker gradually Under the pitch-black night sky the murderous aura on Qi i Xinghan's face slowly faded settling into an expression of calmness He obediently called Chapter 12 Is It Scary or Not No don't be afraid Mu Shui looked at Qi Xinghan's big figure but saw a face full of timid compliance and thus felt somewhat reassured He almost asked the other to repeat those comforting words again But after pondering he thought it would be e inappropriate to take such advantage so he let it go He turned around and entered the police station finding the officer who had been n responsible for questioning Qi Xinghan earlier the officer curiously asked him Mu Shui furrowed his eyebrows slightly opened his mouth took a deep breath and puffed up his cheeks Then in a low voice he said Today’s events were too terrifying I just want to inhale some more positive energy y from the police station so I won’t be scared anymore The officer couldn't help but laugh out loud Alright then take another couple of breaths Mu Shui's appearance was naturally deceptive so the officer didn't notice e anything amiss at the moment When Mu Shui took another forceful breath and waved goodbye to the officer See youThe officer chuckled Hope we don't meet again; ; coming here isn't a good thing Mu Shui quickly nodded his head in agreement After stepping out of the police station Mu Shui opened his palm to check The key was already in his palm Qi Xinghan was still standing on the stairs casting a towering shadow under the night sky He hadn't moved a step Mu Shui quickly approached him Let’s try Hopefully this is the key for the handcuffs As he spoke he bent over slightly and started d unlocking the cuffs on Qi Xinghan A faint sound of click echoed as the e cuffs were successfully unfastened Qi Xinghan flexed his wrist and handed d the handcuffs along with the key to Mu Shui Mu Shui held them in his hand uncertain what to do Is this considered theft of public property Not really I sponsor the government generously every year Qi Xinghan responded without changing expression Mu Shui hesitantly put the handcuffs into his pocket Earlier they came in a police car but now they would have no choice e but to ask Guo Yong to pick them up Upon hearing that the murderer had been captured Guo Yong immediately rushed over himself Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan waited by the roadside Gazing at the pitch-black night sky dotted with only a few stars Mu Shui felt as if the door to another r fantastical world had slowly opened for him not much different from m the starry night before him Everything was shrouded in mystery It was leading his once-ordered psychologist career down an unpredictable path Mu Shui couldn't help but ask softly What kind of world is this Mu Shui glanced at him Qi Xinghan's eyes carried a numbing coldness and vacancy as if he'd never considered d how his future would unfold He appeared calm on the surface but was s actually living numbly; perhaps in his heart he truly regarded himself as s someone who was already dead If the patient was already like this as a doctor I can't afford to feel lost and helpless Mu Shui clenched his fists secretly Then he tilted his head and smiled at Qi Xinghan forming a dimple on his cheek Not knowing is fine Over time we will learn more Qi Xinghan stared at him intently and murmured softly YeahAt this moment Guo Yong's car screeched d to a stop in front of them Guo Yong hurriedly opened the car door and stepped out are you okay Did that bastard try to attack you Damn You scared the crap out of me It wasn't me he tried to attack; it was Mu Shui Guo Yong suddenly stopped talking and after a while asked blankly Why What did Mr Mu do to upset him Qi Xinghan thought for a moment and said Maybe because he's particularly good-looking Guo Yong was actually convinced by this reasoning "......"Damn so this guy was a creepy stalker That's disgusting Now I remember when Ms Ding had her incident that day we were all walking out together He was perfectly fine but ran n up to offer some calming tea claiming it was from the director And after delivering the tea he kept standing there—probably eyeing Mr Mu at that point This is ridiculous Just thinking about his gaze makes me sick Listening to him Qi Xinghan also gradually y recalled that day's event Qi Xinghan calmly said Breaking his arm was letting him off lightly Guo Yong didn't catch that and asked What did you say Mu Shui quickly intervened NothingGet in the car first I'm staying at a hotel near the building why don't you stay at the hotel tonight It feels way too eerie to go back to your house Yeah let's not touch the place for now I understand the police still need to examine the scene rightUm In the car Mu Shui didn't open his mouth again He was thinking about another matter He was thinking about the second patient According to the Dean's description the second patient was also o described as being exceptionally terrifying So could this person possibly be a monster too Mu Shui felt he should take the time to meet with the other party After arriving at the hotel Guo Yong immediately y booked a room at the front desk One room Qi Xinghan said Guo Yong looked at Mu Shui and then Qi Xinghan ButHe is afraid Qi Xinghan spoke up once more Guo Yong suddenly understood Right right After such an event Mr Mu must be very scared inside Then let's just get one room; if anything happens you call me Uh-huhMu Shui didn't speak Indeed there was some fear but Zhao Yun couldn't get out now and there was still Qi Starhand nearby Mu Shui could only repeatedly play the word dad in his mind and before long it no longer seemed so scary Once the room was booked the three of them walked upstairs together The front desk watched them walk away and softly exclaimed in surprise Oh my goodness isn't that Qi Xinghan Coming here late at night to book a room Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan entered the hotel room Qi Xinghan turned on the lights inside the room and softly said You sleep first Finishing he looked at Mu Shui and said I really don't need sleep This time Mu Shui truly believed him Mu Shui quickly took a shower While showering he also gave the second patient a call But from the other end of the number came The number you are dialing has been suspended Mu Shui stared at the mobile phone screen angry enough to bite his lips Can't you be more reliable He called the Dean again and it was still unanswered Mu Shui thus resorted to sending a text message instead Yuan Sheng's phone has been suspended ten thousand yuan were e credited into Mu Shui's bank card Then came a short message Top up the mobile fee Alright then But Mu Shui didn't quite know how to pay online so he had to put his phone away for now planning to go out tomorrow to o top up Yuan Sheng's mobile number Mu Shui turned off the water changed into the hotel’s pajamas and stepped out barefoot I'llsleep first Mu Shui said holding onto the edge of the e quilt while looking at Qi Xinghan Uh-huh His gaze tightly focused on the large e floor-to-ceiling window in the hotel room as if he was guarding against t another Zhao Yun bursting in Exhausted Mu Shui closed his eyes s and fell into a deep sleep The next morning upon waking Guo Yong had already y delivered breakfast to their room He and Qi Xinghan began talking about the entertainment industry matters related to Tāotiè Entertainment Mu Shui came out after finishing brushing his teeth and washing his face and for the first time did not join them for breakfast His bag was still at Qi Xinghan's residence so naturally Mu Shui couldn’t carry it either He could only stand alone with his phone heading toward the door I'm leaving first Qi Xinghan who had been talking to Guo Yong instantly looked up at him Where to To Jinyang District Jinyang Qi Xinghan stayed silent but Guo Yong interjected first It's rather chaotic over there Why is Mr Mu going there To look for someone This is easy I'll send an assistant to fetch the person n and invite them here…Mu Shui shook his head They can't be invited Guo Yong couldn't help but laugh A person so hard to invite huh UmOnly then did Qi Xinghan interject Are you going to see Jiao Yan or Bai Shiwen Mu Shui gave him a curious look "......"Neither Qi Xinghan wouldn't have mentioned these names without cause; the Jiao Yan and Bai Shiwen he brought up—were they patients of Jinshui Research Institute too Qi Xinghan responded OhMu Shui had already reached for the doorknob I'll be off Be careful on your way Guo Yong couldn't help but say Mu Shui nodded and went outside closing the door behind him shortly after Inside the room Guo Yong couldn't help saying An incident just happened yesterday and yet Mr Mu sure has a big heart to go to such h a chaotic place like Jinyang District Won't something happen Qi Xinghan answered It will Startled to hear this single word Guo Yong asked in a panic Then what do we do Qi Xinghan put down the food in his hand Follow him Guo Yong thought about it and agreed so both of them along with an assistant bodyguard left the hotel Only after stepping out of the elevator did Guo Yong remember didn't you leave your breakfast unfinished again Qi Xinghan remained silently expressionless Mu Shui took a taxi to Jinyang District and then picked the nearest business hall He took out a hundred-yuan note Recharge this number NumberMu Shui had a very good memory and he accurately reported it without any error The clerk entered the number glanced at the screen briefly and said It's been out of service for so o long that the number has been canceled Recharging now won't help Mu Shui furrowed his brow he could only go directly to o the address to find the person Mu Shui expressed his thanks and then turned around to leave the business hall But once he stepped out of the business hall Mu Shui became somewhat bewildered Jinyang District was very remote Glancing around there were no tall buildings; instead he saw either abandoned old buildings or r construction sites where foundations were being laid Everywhere green building cloths were draped Looking further in the distance he could even see rolling g mountains with fruit trees planted on them This place didn't feel urban at all but rather like a combination of countryside and a town With every couple of steps Mu Shui would step on discarded broken bricks It hurt his feet Mu Shui wrinkled up his nose in discomfort He had no choice but to ask a passerby on the street Excuse me where is Fengmei Residential Complex No The passerby first tried hard to recall and then quietly asked Fengmei Residential Complex The passerby pointed in a direction I think it's over there The road isn't easy to walk After speaking the passerby glanced at Mu u Shui's appearance and clothing You'd better not go It's easy to get robbed Mu Shui pressed his lips together Did the second patient live in such a bad area But the call wouldn't go through and he didn't have any y other way to contact the person After pondering Mu Shui took off his wristwatch h and cuffs and put them in his pocket Then he took off his coat t and held it in his hands messing up all his hair Next he unbuttoned two or three buttons of his shirt Still not enough not yet Facing the glass window of a nearby small shop Mu Shui made an effort to o raise his eyebrows upward slightly puff out his cheeks and pull down the corners of f his mouth as much as possible Like thisWould he look intimidating enough No one would rob him like this Chapter 13 Like a FreakMu Shui circled the glass window for a full 360 degrees before straightening g his back and striding off in the direction of Fengmei Neighborhood with an aggressive air Fengmei Neighborhood was behind a construction site but in broad daylight no one was around in the site looking as if it had been abandoned After passing the construction site the road became narrower A few scruffy youths were squatting there holding onto cigarette butts s almost burnt to their lips yet reluctant to throw them away At a glance Mu Shui saw several heads with dyed hair in red yellow blue and greenSomeone's coming The youth squatting at the e front patted the person next to him The others immediately stood up with their cigarettes in their mouths Without speaking a word they began eyeing Mu Shui with looks s that felt like worms crawling on his skin Mu Shui originally planned to act nonchalant and walk past them but upon reconsideration he decided this wouldn't show enough spirit So with icy eyes he stared right back He wasn’t usually good at giving cold glares but his senior had once taught him a trick Imagine you've painstakingly written a report all day until you're bald and then Word crashes erasing all your work Then when you look at the computer again Using this method Mu Shui scanned them with cold frigid eyes and asked curtly Is there something you want Startled the youths suddenly stepped aside making room for the path Mu Shui's heart stirred It actually works But just at that moment a rolling sound of wheels reached his ears Turning his head Mu Shui looked toward the e direction from where he'd come A young man was pushing what appeared to be a a discarded cart picked up from the construction site strolling ahead carelessly this man was undeniably eye-catching With long black hair tied up he wore a clown mask as if f plucked from a carnival—crudely made its upper-lip smirk lacking half its red paint appearing as if he only had half a mouth The mask itself had grayed beneath looking much like a wall painted d white left untouched for over a decade terrifying enough to make e anyone lose their soul at a glance Even in freezing weather the man was clad in a work vest revealing well-proportioned powerful muscles Below he wore a popular military-green n pants seen commonly at construction sites held by a faded belt that accentuated his slender strong waist This tall man possibly standing at six feet three inches moved at a leisurely pace emitting a tremendous sense of f pressure alone through his stride Mu Shui shifted his gaze towards the cart in the man’s hand This bizarre-dressed man who looked every bit like a serial killer or r even an antagonist boss from a horror game had pushed his cart which contained a box of Kangshoufu Red-Braised Beef f Noodles and a case of bottled water Long hairTall stature An unconventional style Mu Shui nearly instantly guessed his identity —Was this Yuan Sheng While lost in thought the man had drawn nearer the youths threw their cigarettes to the ground d and fled in the direction of Fengmei Neighborhood Mu Shui could only silently understand Oh It wasn’t fear of him that caused them to retreat earlier Within seconds the man was right in front of Mu Shui and then n pushed past with his cart without breaking his stride Mu Shui blinked and only then noticed that the eyes on the man's clown mask were simply painted on with black paint There were no actual eye holes s carved out for the wearer to see through Naturally the man hadn’t seen him Apparently this road was one the man had d walked countless times before so he didn’t need his vision at all With no other choice Mu Shui hugged his coat t tighter and hurried to catch up But due to the man's long legs even walking at a leisurely pace he soon distanced himself from Mu Shui Mu Shui had no option but to break into a jog As he approached Mu Shui lifted a finger and d lightly poked the man’s back Holding tightly onto the cart’s handles his back muscles slightly y tensed—when Mu Shui touched his fingertips almost broke from the firmness Nevertheless the man stopped abruptly He turned his head toward Mu Shui That clown mask suddenly enlarged right in front of his eyes amplifying its terror-inducing effect The youths had already vanished and a cool breeze swept through making this narrow path feel even more desolate Lowering his voice Excuse me are you Mr Mu Shui shivered From the cold Who are you the man spoke his voice deep and resonant like the tone of a cello Only there was a slight rasp to it like a broken-stringed cello Mu Shui thought about it Hello I will be your guardian Mu Shui repeated the introduction he had d given to Qi Xinghan to the man before him Thinking that this man must certainly be Yuan Sheng Mu Shui felt there was no o longer any need to act fierce so he decided to put his coat back on the man completely turned around and d reached out to tightly grasp Mu Shui's wrist Are you an adult The man's fingertips grazed his s wrist as he asked in a low voice Mr Yuan I am an adult Mu Shui felt a bit upset wishing the man would at least let t go so he could wear his coat first It was so cold You're lying you aren't an adult The man slowly said I don't want children; ; raising them is too difficult Mu Shui didn't care about who was raising whom Can you take off your mask The man tilted his head and asked Do you look good This question caught Mu Shui by surprise Does he look good How would he know if he looked good The man nodded slightly Oh then you don't look good Saying this the man removed his mask first revealing his chin then his high-bridged nose sunken eye sockets and slanted eyebrows with a hint of fierceness He fully exposed his face More handsome than in the photos his features appeared sharper Between his brows lay a ferocity akin to a wild animal Unlike the pictures he wasn't displaying a crazy unrestrained grin so he seemed less aggressive and oppressive The man slowly opened his eyes and within his amber irises an icy light flickered Hello Mu Shui extended his hand towards him The man's gaze fell upon Mu Shui Beneath messy black hair were water-like eyes a slightly red nose due to the cold and pink-white lips A thin shirt hugged his frame buttons undone exposing a stretch of a long g neck and beautiful collarbones with a little red mole beside one The youth was like the first streak of dawn after the night ended Soft beautiful once you glanced you couldn't tear your eyes away Gradually the man’s expression changed Coldness receded turning profound and scattered His breathing became somewhat heavier like the sound a predator makes while hunting He fixed his intense stare on Mu Shui his facial features tightening presenting a kind of gradually distorted visage Had he fallen ill Mu Shui was startled So do I actually look good Snatching the mask from his hand Mu Shui slapped it back onto his face with a clap The man stood rigidly there unmovingMu Shui licked his lips feeling a bit awkward He thought that perhaps he'd used too much force almost as if he’d slapped the man in the face Do I look good Mu Shui trembled and asked In the freezing wind he was swaying like a small cabbage After a moment of silence the man responded You doHearing these two words Mu Shui lowered his head and sighed But then again he felt that their dialogue sounded a bit strange Never mindShivering Can you release me now He was really freezing to death He was about to start blowing snot bubbles Chapter 14 How Did You SleepGuo Yong's car barely made it t into Jinyang District before it stopped working Why are there construction crews everywhere repairing roads with no available public land Guo Yong tapped the steering wheel slightly anxious Get out of the car Qi Xinghan decided quickly Guo Yong left his assistant at the spot to guard the car and he then followed Qi i Xinghan with his bodyguards aimlessly walking forward Mr Mu's already out of sight where do we even start looking Guo Yong frowned as he fiddled with his phone He wanted to turn on a map navigation system but didn’t know the destination Qi Xinghan whispered softly We’ll look bit by bit …At the same time Yuan Sheng released his hands and whispered softly You should go back He stubbornly believed that t Mu Shui was still a minor From voice to appearance he wasn't yet an adult Mu Shui pulled out his ID card and degree certificate from the pocket of his suit raised his hand to pull down the e mask covering Yuan Sheng's face and then shook the ID and d degree certificate in front of him After shaking them he immediately snapped the mask back on n without giving Yuan Sheng any chance to think Yuan Sheng was momentarily stunned Did Mr Yuan see clearly asked Mu Shui In Yuan Sheng’s eyes the residual image of the teenager's s picture on the ID card and degree remained The stiff photo portrait added more weakness helplessness and vulnerability to the boy Underneath the mask he closed his eyes for a moment turned around and re-grasped the handle of the stroller whispering quietly I’ve seen clearly Mu Shui sighed in relief and emphasized I'm an adult the ID is written very clearly I have absolutely no problem being Mr Yuan's guardian Yuan Sheng said I've seen the photo HuhI haven’t seen the date of birth Yuan Sheng began pushing the stroller forward slowly saying Has the research institute told you what t needs to be done to serve as a guardian they said I need to constantly y monitor the patient’s condition… Yuan Sheng tilted his head Then you'll have to live with me kidAfter some thought Mu Shui responded What about staying four days a week with you The remaining three days would be spent with Qi Xinghan Do you really want to live with me Yuan Sheng finally turned his head this time Um is there something wrong with that Mu Shui looked at him in puzzlement Yuan Sheng pointed ahead There that's the Fengmei Residential Area I know; I asked for directions when I came No door locks no property management no security guards frequent water and power cuts… That doesn’t matter Mu Shui replied His voice was pure and pleasant like a stream gently brushing over one's heart bringing comfort All the words Yuan Sheng had been about to say were choked off eventually turning into just two Follow meThis time his tone changed completely becoming straightforward and somewhat harsh Follow Mu Shui obediently put on his coat quickly and grabbed Yuan Sheng's work vest But since the vest tightly clung to his body Mu Shui’s grip pressed d against the man’s back muscles which caused Yuan Sheng's s muscles to immediately tighten up Mu Shui could distinctly feel the immense e strength beneath that thin layer of skin Thinking this might not be appropriate Mu Shui withdrew his hand and d grabbed onto the man's pants instead I only have two pairs of trousers—don’t tear them Yuan Sheng paused in his steps but t did not shake off Mu Shui's grip Mu Shui reflected on how it would indeed look bad if he tore the pants With one big step forward Mu Shui almost walked d side by side with Yuan Sheng and reached out to wrap his s hand around Yuan Sheng’s wrist Mu Shui's fingers were delicate and white whereas Yuan Sheng’s hands were much bigger This setup gave an amusing impression of f trying to wrestle someone much stronger Yuan Sheng's hand gripping the stroller froze as he said I’m not going to run Inside Mu Shui thought who’d believe that Still Mu Shui sincerely and earnestly said aloud It's because I'm afraid I I won’t be able to keep up Yuan Sheng didn’t say anything anymore and just let Mu Shui hold on Bricks littered the road causing the stroller to bump continuously This also slightly jolted Yuan Sheng's wrist As Mu Shui's hand continued to jolt it gradually slid down Yuan Sheng’s wrist Mu Shui then lifted his s hand again to hold it firmly Such back-and-forth sliding g and rubbing happened repeatedly Yuan Sheng cursed under his breath Fuck then loosened his right hand d and reversed to grab Mu Shui’s His palm was wide and now it held Mu Shui so tightly that he couldn't budge he effortlessly continued pushing g the stroller forward with one hand maintaining a steady pace until they finally y arrived at the entrance of Fengmei Residential Area Mu Shui took a quick glance around the neighborhood The gate was wide open and there was no trace of any y security guard in the guardhouse They walked straight in without hindrance The residential area was quiet with only a few elderly men n and women visible in the corners gathered around a small l table playing chess or poker They arrived at Unit 3 where Yuan Sheng let go of Mu Shui’s s wrist and also released the stroller Then he lifted up a box of water with one hand stacked instant noodles on top holding both securely while still keeping hold of Mu Shui's arm and led him into the unit door r before descending the stairs The stairwell was pitch dark fitted with outdated sound-activated lights So Mu Shui shouted at the top of his lungs AhAh—But there was no reaction for quite some time Is the light broken It's been broken for half a year Inwardly Mu Shui sighed softly He had just been shouting g like a groundhog for nothing making himself look like a fool Yuan Sheng suddenly stopped in his tracks He released Mu Shui and rummaged in his trouser pocket for quite some time pulling out a huge bunch of keys His well-defined fingers easily picked out the e right key from the bunch and unlocked the door A cold draft hit them as they entered There was no light inside Yuan Sheng raised his hand to feel along the wall until he found the pull-cord With a tug the electric light came on suddenly allowing Mu Shui to finally see the surroundings A rusty iron gate Inside the gate was a pitch-black room with a square wooden table beside which stood a a wobbly-legged chair and a plastic stool In the corner was a small bed covered with a summer grass mat though the quilt was still there But after Mu Shui glanced over it he figured that if a man used it his lower legs would be left hanging off the end His gaze then shifted to the other side On the other side were separately partitioned kitchen and bathroom The facilities were complete but there wasn't a single window it all seemed extremely oppressive Compared to Qi Xinghan's house this place felt more like a jail cell Yuan Sheng tossed the keys back into his pocket and strode inside placing down the water and d instant noodles he'd been holding Turning around Yuan Sheng looked at him Will you stay and live with me Mu Shui wasn’t a picky person If it meant having access to the patient even living under a bridge would work With the weighty bank card in his own pocket and the hundred-yuan note that failed d to recharge Yuan Sheng's mobile number Mu Shui nodded confidently YesAnyway once he had an understanding g of the patient's situation he could consider inviting Yuan n Sheng to move somewhere else with him Mu Shui was curious about how Yuan Sheng managed to provide such a a large sum of money for treatment research if he lived in a place like this Want to eat noodles Yuan Sheng squatted down n to start unpacking the box Mu Shui rubbed his belly and realized he was slightly hungry But he didn’t particularly want to eat instant noodles How could he have become so picky after eating Qi Xinghan’s meals That was bad Mu Shui reflected on this with heartfelt regret By now Yuan Sheng had already opened the box He pulled out bottled water passing one bottle to Mu Shui Thank you I'll eat the noodles with you Holding two bags of instant noodles Yuan Sheng turned to prepare—not cook but simply soak—the noodles After pouring boiling water Yuan Sheng immediately sealed the lid And that was it The quality of life for patients seemed really questionable Mu Shui secretly made a mental note then hugged the bottle of water tightly y and chose the plastic stool to sit on As soon as he sat down the plastic stool emitted a creak Suddenly Yuan Sheng turned around swiftly walking to Mu Shui's side e and lifting him up into his arms Yuan Sheng kicked away the stool It will break I'm not heavy Thinking of Yuan Sheng’s size Mu Shui couldn't help but ask So how do you usually sit Yuan Sheng replied Squat like martial arts stance perhaps What a talent you are Why sit on any stool at all when squatting works fine Hanging onto Yuan Sheng for the first time Mu Shui felt that by comparison he too was wealthy Let me down first I won't sit on the stool Mu Shui patted his arm inadvertently landing another r slap on the guy's muscles again Mu Shui curled his fingers inward Yuan Sheng set him down and slightly bowed his head casting a glance at his own n hands that was impossible to see and said You're so light Mu Shui sighed Even though he was light he still couldn't sit on the stool Mu Shui was already exhausted from walking all day After all in the past he had always been stuck in school never having done much physical work Mu Shui couldn't help but eye the bed again Will the bed collapse if I sit on it NoMu Shui thought about it; when lying down you couldn't use martial arts stances s to reduce the pressure on the bed anyway Mu Shui felt around and sat on it cautiously finally feeling comfortable Most psychiatric patients have symptoms of obsessive-compulsive cleanliness alongside their conditions Even though Yuan Sheng lived alone his house was pretty clean After sitting comfortably for a while Yuan Sheng brought over the noodles Mu Shui reached out to take them The warmth transferred through the e paper cup made Mu Shui feel quite warm As the chill receded rationality slowly returned Only then did Mu Shui think of an issue Isn't the bed a little small He held the noodles looking up with expectant eyes at Yuan Sheng Where will I sleep Yuan Sheng thought for a moment We'll stack sleep Stack sleep Mu Shui couldn’t understand what t kind of sleeping arrangement this was So Yuan Sheng provided an explanation I'll sleep on the bed and you sleep on me Yuan Sheng was about to take off his mask Mu Shui didn't have time to ponder what exactly this stack sleep was Quickly putting down his noodles he pulled out the small tie that t matched the suit from his pocket Wait Saying this he pressed his hand against Yuan Sheng's arm Yuan Sheng's voice was deep and low HmMu Shui took away his clown mask Don't open your eyes first Yuan Sheng closed his eyes making his whole face look k even more stern and cool Mu Shui grabbed the tie and used it to cover his eyes He wanted to tie a knot behind the man’s head but his arms were too short to o reach fully and exert enough strength Mu Shui had no choice but to pat his shoulder Crouch down a bit Yuan Sheng immediately squatted down like a big dog the action clearly practiced and skilled showing just how often he e had to maintain his stance Mu Shui managed to tie the knot smoothly Alright you can't see me now Mu Shui smiled contently a dimple appearing on his cheek Let's live together for a a few days and get acquainted Yuan Sheng didn't say anything The pale blue silk tie when covering his eyes allowed a faint light to filter through He could vaguely see the outline of the youth's brows and the dimple on his cheek DamnWhy does he look even cuter Yuan Sheng's chest unexpectedly went numb Chapter 15 The Clown Themed RoomYuan Sheng g was thus dressed up as a blind man holding his bowl of f noodles and eating methodically Mu Shui watched for a while ensuring he wouldn't feed d the noodles into his nose before finally feeling reassured It seemed this method could d be used for a few more days When Yuan Sheng had eaten halfway through the meal Mu Shui's phone suddenly rang Mu Shui took out the phone and answered HelloWhere are you came Qi Xinghan's voice from the other end I'm in Jinyang District I'm also in Jinyang District said Qi Xinghan It’s quite chaotic over here; I'll come find you Mu Shui bit her lip thinking for a moment and reluctantly refused you don't need to come What would happen if two mentally ill people met Without fully understanding Yuan Sheng Mu Shui thought it wasn't t appropriate for them to meet Qi Xinghan paused for two seconds on the other end before asking Have you found the person you're looking for YesGood The call ended briefly On the other side Guo Yong immediately asked How about it Did you get the location I'm going back Qi Xinghan replied coolly Guo Yong was stunned Are you going back already He found him That's good This place is too chaotic and I'm worried about Mr Mu Guo Yong had been searching for a long time and now he could finally relax So everyone turned around and went back Qi Xinghan walked a few steps then looked deeply in one direction After finishing the noodles with his eyes covered cleaned up the trash and threw it into the e trash can at the entrance of the residential area Mu Shui looked around; there was no computer and Yuan Sheng's mobile phone e number had already been discontinued He likely no longer used a phone Lifting his head Mu Shui happened to see Yuan Sheng walk inside so he asked What does Mr Yuan do every day Yuan Sheng appeared very casual saying absentmindedly Work mainly playing ghost And today Mu Shui tilted his head to look at him Yuan Sheng glimpsed his movement through his silk tie Softly Yuan Sheng said Got firedWhy Scared eight kids until they cried Yuan Sheng pulled over a chair r with a broken leg and sat down So kids really are troublesome What will you do next Mu Shui's voice lowered slightly infusing a softness This kind of tone often made it hard for people to resist and naturally follow along with what he was saying Go to another amusement park and play ghost Yuan Sheng said leisurely Clearly losing the job didn't bother him much I’m about to take on the responsibility of supervising you so… can I come along Mu Shui placed both hands on the edge of the bed leaning slightly towards Yuan Sheng as he spoke Yuan Sheng resembled a nearsighted patient only vaguely seeing Mu Shui moving closer With a snap the chair leg bound d together with tape broke again Yuan Sheng quickly stood upright without falling down He said Sure Then let's go It was still early; Mu Shui got up p from the bed and initiated the proposal Yuan Sheng grabbed the clown mask off the table hung it around his waist and walked out first Mu Shui followed right after After leaving the residential area Mu Shui extended his hand toward Yuan Sheng don't fall Yuan Sheng glanced down at his hand I won’t fall Mu Shui reflected that Yuan Sheng seemed to have been living alone for a long time Even when wearing the clown mask earlier he hadn't made mistakes so he probably wouldn't now either Mu Shui searched for the location of an amusement park on his phone and the two boarded a bus heading there Yuan Sheng's outfit was peculiar And Mu Shui's clothing didn't look like something someone who takes the bus would wear A few girls on the bus glanced at them multiple times whispering Is this cosplay Maybe The one on the left looks like a blind loyal dog and the one on the right is s a dignified little prince From which work Haven't seen this character setup before What is cosplay Mu Shui muttered inwardly At that point he turned his head to look at Yuan Sheng who had already reined in his s previous nonchalant demeanor Despite being blindfolded Mu Shui could feel the e iciness in his facial features As if harboring deep indifference and hostility toward the entire city They rode the bus for about half an hour before finally arriving at the amusement park entrance As soon as they got off the bus Mu Shui could hear the screams cheers and other cacophonous sounds s emanating from inside the amusement park This overly lively environment immediately brought Mu Shui back to reality from a fantastical world If it weren't for the clothes on his body and the phone in his pocket both of which came from Qi Xinghan Mu Shui would almost have e doubted that all those monsters and bone knives were nothing more than a dream… Don't get separated Mu Shui said as he hooked Yuan Sheng's wrist The two then walked toward the entrance Their dress styles so out of place here and their overly striking appearances s caught the attention of the other tourists Mu Shui was somewhat unaccustomed to this But Yuan Sheng clearly seemed accustomed to being appraised with odd glances He looked in one direction and said That way is the amusement park's work station Mu Shui led Yuan Sheng over there Such places were always short-staffed especially in need of people to o dress up as mascots or ghosts These jobs were tiring had low pay and the latter role was particularly prone e to accidental injuries from panicked tourists The manager took a look at Yuan Sheng Although he found his appearance somewhat strange he couldn't deny You're quite suitable for this job I've done it before Alright the manager said then turned to Mu Shui What about him Mu Shui thought for a moment and said I'll do the same job as him The manager nodded Then let's start now shall we The peak hours from afternoon until l closing time are when we really need staff The manager then gestured to a middle-aged man Old Lin you teach them Old Lin didn't say a word just silently nodded his head After the manager left Old Lin grabbed two sets of f clown costumes and came over to them Upon getting closer Mu Shui finally saw a scar on Old Lin's neck as if someone had cut into it with a knife No wonder he doesn't talk much Thank you Mu Shui accepted the clothes When Old Lin heard his voice he involuntarily lifted an eyelid taking another glance at him then slipped a piece of paper into Mu Shui's hand When Mu Shui picked it up he discovered it was the employee code of conduct roughly explaining what t ghost-playing staff should be mindful of Mu Shui put away the paper and entered separate dressing rooms with Yuan Sheng to change into clown outfits After they came out their faces were already framed by masks Yuan Sheng hadn't discarded his old mask either; he still hung the old one around his waist giving him the appearance e of a clown with two faces The moment Yuan Sheng stood there his presence was extremely scary Mu Shui on the other hand completely differed Even dressed in such attire he radiated not a hint of eerie menace Mu Shui adjusted the pointed hat on his head looking at himself in the mirror emmmm…Yuan Sheng came over and pinched the tip of his hat Old Lin had already turned around and started leading ahead Without time to ponder why he still didn't seem like a terrifying clown Mu Shui hurriedly followed Old Lin Yuan Sheng trailed closely behind They quickly arrived at a horror-themed room with the theme Clown Horror Yuan Sheng and Mu Shui would play the main boss clown characters in this scenario They entered the themed room through the staff channel Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng stood together in front of a huge mirror which reflected their current appearance It did appear as though they represented the light and dark sides of a clown voices came through their earpieces Tourists have entered Clown One go to Point A Clown Two go to Point C What would happen if he couldn’t scare anyone He never expected that during his psychology studies one day he'd end up playing g a ghost to terrify tourists analyzing their psychology Yuan Sheng however simply turned and headed straight for Point A The lighting in the themed room was dim stretching his tall figure into long g shadows interweaving under the gloom Yuan Sheng's originally towering physique appeared even larger under the interplay of light and shadow casting a shadow on the wall like a giant even covering Mu Shui's shadow entirely …Could he be a monster A bone had appeared on Qi Xinghan’s back Did he have an extra bone at the tail vertebrae and turned his head toward Point C Yuan Sheng continued following closely behind Chapter 16 The Waterloo of Scene NPCsPoint C C was a room with Western-style装修 deliberately aged It was filled with dolls of all kinds and the excessively bright colors on them m gave off a sense of cheapness and eeriness Mu Shui entered Point C and thought carefully about how to make things more frightening His gaze swept around the room and finally settled on the desk that had dried blood stains on it If he were to crawl inside the desk then slowly appear in front of the tourists wouldn't that be terrifying With that idea in mind Mu Shui without t hesitation crawled under the table Just as he lay down there an array of piercing screams suddenly approached followed by disordered d footsteps chasing each other They tumbled into Point C Had they just come from Point A That’s what Mu Shui thought He slightly raised his head and looked at the new group of tourists from under the table There were three men and two women From Mu Shui's angle he could see their trembling legs The dolls here are so disgusting; let's hurry up and leave Will the clown not catch up with us I read the guidebook; each scene has fixed NPCs Wait if every scene has an NPC where is this one Why don't we see anyone The girl's voice trembled Mu Shui was not very skilled at scaring people and hearing such trembling voices s made him want to crawl out and tell them I'm right here; see I'm not scary Lost in thought Mu Shui gradually began to crawl out the girl stared toward the e door and screamed once again quickly bending over and crawling under the desk forcefully bumping Mu Shui back Ahh Mu Shui said involuntarily Ahh the girl echoed Mu Shui lifted his face The girl's scream transformed into Ahh The others scared but unsure where danger came from all mimicked the girl's s actions and crawled under the table Mu Shui was squeezed into a corner There's someone The girl strained to keep her scream low Where Where I think I hit him Having no choice Mu Shui lifted his hand and let his fingers s slowly scrape the bottom edge of the desk The sound of his nails scraping against the e wooden panel finally caught their attention They anxiously turned their heads towards Mu Shui's direction In the corner sat a clown wearing a greatly oversized clown suit On his face was a mask k painted with various colors and on his nose rested a round ball Above that was a pointed red hat which had already been pressed flat by the table Below the hat extended a long and pale neck It was a young boy dressed as a clown …A little cute For a brief moment a strange kind of fear enveloped them They stared blankly at the clown speechless Mu Shui withdrew his hand that scratched the table and didn’t feel awkward at all He slowly placed his finger at his lips and whispered softly Shh—The men and women in front of him immediately put t their hands over their mouths and nodded at Mu Shui Mu Shui …At this moment the door suddenly creaked open The tourists in front trembled once again However Mu Shui felt something was odd The rules stated clearly that the theme house received no more than ten tourists at a time entering in batches Besides these tourists who else could be here Staff members are not allowed to wander around The footsteps hit the ground neither too heavy nor too light and the person finally y entered Mu Shui's line of sight Brown rubber shoes black suspender long g pants with overly large cuffs Definitely amusement park work attire The rest were scared stiff they crowded closer to Mu Shui for protection wanting nothing more than n to cling to him for security Mu Shui was slightly irritated He's a clown AhAt this moment the visitor suddenly stopped returning the space to silence once again However Mu Shui's ears were sharp and he faintly heard some slight t noises—like fingernails lightly sliding across paper or something creeping g slowly out of someone’s throat Sss… sss…Mu Shui finally remembered what this sound was It was the sound of a snake flicking its tongue Does a clown-themed house need snakes too This clearly doesn't seem right Mu Shui lifted his hand and pressed against the girl squeezing him gesturing to the terrified girl He waved his fingers signaling her to move backward The girl obediently gave way for Mu Shui Finally Mu Shui once again squeezed to a a position closer to the outside under the desk It seemed that the visitor had heard some sounds so he turned around and faced the desk Mu Shui spread his arms wide in a gesture of protecting the tourists behind him blocking them from view Mu Shui instantly thought of Ding Ya at that moment In this entirely new world he had encountered when monsters would appear was unpredictable But the possibility of meeting her again here… should be very low rightWhile Mu Shui was lost in thought the visitor bent down Sss… The sound suddenly came closer The visitor and Mu Shui faced each other directly It was Old Lin This face filled with the weathered d look of a middle-aged man slightly contorted as his s mouth split open outwardly and a snake's tongue extended out from it But it only lasted for an instant The snake's tongue was quickly swallowed back by him Old Lin locked eyes with Mu Shui Old Lin patted the desk and pointed toward the door’s direction Mu Shui understood his meaning so he went out first Come out Mu Shui mumbled through the mask He is our staff member here to remind you it's s time to move to the next point If you stay here any longer the following tourists won't be e able to enjoy their experience These young men and women quickly crawled out sighing in relief They dared to glance at Old d Lin once and hurriedly said Haha quite realistic haha the themed house is really well done After that they ran out of Point C pressing against each other nervously A flurry of chaotic footsteps quickly faded away Probably fearing they might be caught by Yuan Sheng from Point A again Mu Shui then turned his head to look at Old Lin Old Lin gave Mu Shui a somewhat stiff smile maintaining his slightly y distorted facial expression and also walked out of Point C Mu Shui tilted his head Something still didn't feel right The themed house had a main control station If the station noticed the e tourists hadn’t reached the next location they would notify via earpiece There was no need for Old d Lin to walk in personally Was it because the main control station thought he wasn't frightening enough Not scaring away the tourists But Old Lin's makeup didn't seem like it was applied either If only he had pinched his tongue at the time to confirm if it was real or not Mu Shui thought with disappointment Afterward Old Lin never reappeared at Point C And Mu Shui continued welcoming wave after wave of tourists He was completely oblivious s to what time it was outside This monotonous and boring routine gradually made Mu Shui lose the initial curiosity and interest What was the point Every time those tourists got scared they just crowded toward him Mu Shui unhappily tugged at his clown suit All wrinkled Even the spherical nose on the mask was knocked off Finally a voice came through his earpiece You can clock out now Gather at Point B then leave through the staff passage Mu Shui immediately headed toward Point B Today's group leader responsible for the Clown Terror themed house was standing at Point B Once everyone had gathered at the designated spot The group leader distributed the wages Well… the most dedicated one today was Number One so there’s an extra fifty yuan bonus The group leader handed the money to Yuan Sheng Then he turned to look at Mu Shui his expression seeming somewhat complicated today's bonus for Number Two is eighty yuan more HmmMu Shui blinked in confusion Wasn't the most dedicated one Yuan Sheng So why did he receive more bonus The group leader coughed lightly looking at Number Two whose clown n outfit was torn in several places hat all crooked ball-shaped nose missing — appearing g even more pitiful than the tourists He said Well… several groups of tourists s expressed thanks for Number Two protecting them Mu Shui …That ghost insulted me Yuan Sheng hearing the comment t also turned to look at Mu Shui Damn it He actually looked quite good dressed as a clown… Chapter 17 Dreaming and Falling IllWith h the base salary plus bonus Mu Shui earned 180 yuan and Yuan Sheng earned 150 yuan Mu Shui didn't complain about the amount After all before graduation he hadn't received a single penny in wages For him 180 yuan was still money and quite precious too Alright you guys can go now Change back into your own clothes s and return the uniforms to Lao Lin the supervisor said Upon hearing this everyone naturally dispersed in a flurry But when others walked out they intentionally kept a a two-meter distance from Yuan Sheng Mu Shui couldn't help but glance over Had he done something remarkable at Point A Walking slowly at the end Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng finally y exited the Clown Horror themed house When they reached the changing room the others had already changed and left The uniforms were neatly folded on the chairs with no sign of Lao Lin in the room Suppressing his curiosity Mu Shui first checked himself in the mirror He noticed that his neck still had large patches of gray-white makeup that Lao Lin had applied for consistency with the mask before entering the themed house Mu Shui wiped it off with a tissue but it was hard to clean completely Changing clothes would easily transfer the makeup onto the fabric he bent over the sink and washed his s neck while looking into the mirror By the time his neck was clean his entire head was soaked and his hair was sticking to his neck All done Yuan Sheng's voice came from behind Yeah Mu Shui turned around water still dripping from his chin Yuan Sheng raised his hand to catch the e droplets and inadvertently looked at his face Mu Shui's features shimmered with moisture making his gaze even more radiant and captivating Yuan Sheng glanced once and quickly turned away then raised the other hand Mu Shui saw that he was still holding the tie He immediately shook the water r off his hands and took the tie saying Can you lower yourself a bit I can't reach Yuan Sheng skillfully crouched slightly Mu Shui grabbed the tie and wrapped it around Yuan Sheng's neck quickly tying it up The water that hadn’t been dried yet dripped down into Yuan Sheng’s neck which was cold in the chill of winter Yet Yuan Sheng didn’t shiver; instead he felt a hint of warmth Are we good Yuan Sheng asked Just a second… Mu Shui thought for a moment then undid the knot He said It’s not very secure let me tie another one Mu Shui's fingers moved deftly creating a bow at the back of Yuan Sheng’s head Now it was solid unlikely to slip off easily Satisfied Mu Shui retracted his hand Yuan Sheng couldn't see e what was tied behind his head let's go change our clothes Mu Shui nodded and followed behind there was a sudden noise below the window as if something had bumped against it Mu Shui stopped abruptly and looked towards the window The sky outside was gradually darkening The noisy voices of the amusement park had somehow faded from earshot In this moment the surrounding environment was eerily quiet so much so that Mu Shui could d hear his own heartbeat clearly he said Yuan Sheng come overYuan Sheng didn't move Unable to hold back Mu Shui looked toward Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng stood facing away tall and imposing like an enormous mountain peak standing firm Suddenly Yuan Sheng extended his hand grabbing Mu Shui and pulling him close Mu Shui was momentarily stunned Lifting his finger Yuan Sheng lowered his head and d gestured to Mu Shui—hushing him The expression on Yuan Sheng’s face had completely changed He had reverted to his previous s demeanor during the ride here cool and detached He tightly held onto Mu Shui's wrist tilting his head slightly as if listening for something Outside the window the entity could no longer restrain itself It slowly moved its body closer to the door Faint footsteps mixed with the e sound of slime tearing apart causing an instinctive feeling of nausea Just as Mu Shui was about to speak to comfort his patient he realized that although h Yuan Sheng's hands were cold they were strong and steady showing no signs of trembling Which meant… Yuan Sheng wasn’t afraid at all Mu Shui quietly exhaled and looked towards the door Lao Lin's face peeked in revealing an excited yet tremulous s expression on his usually taciturn face His gaze quickly locked onto Mu Shui just as Zhao Yun had done before He stared intently at Mu Shui the look of trembling on n his face gradually increasing His head shook against the doorframe hitting it with a duang duang sound Mu Shui …But the expression of yearning in his s eyebrows and eyes slowly grew stronger His features appeared more grotesque and twisted his mouth stretching back half-smiling and half-not the yearning completely y overshadowed the trembling His head crashed against the doorframe with a thunderous bang Finally Lao Lin no longer hid his body fully standing up straight in the doorway He still wore the work uniform from earlier the body beneath it trembling violently It wasn't clear whether it was out of fear or excitement He opened his mouth revealing a long snake-like thing SSSss—In the blink of an eye that thing reached Mu Shui Just at this moment Mu Shui realized that it wasn't t a snake's tongue but a human one stretched like clay and d split at the tip into a fork the scars still clearly visible Mu Shui reached out to grab it However Yuan Sheng’s movement was faster With one hand holding Mu Shui to keep him still the other swiftly grasped the elongated tongue bending his fingers and d applying force to curl the tongue Then he pulled the tongue hard causing Lao Lin to be dragged over mid-air What do you want Yuan Sheng asked in a low voice At first listen it seemed friendly similar to asking if you'd eaten today Mu Shui glanced at Yuan Sheng's distinct knuckles gripping something vermilion n tightly with no intention of letting go Lao Lin became like a stranded octopus waving his limbs in the air his neck pulled upward d because his tongue was seized drool flowing from his gaping mouth …How can he answer when you're holding his tongue Yuan Sheng placed his hand on Lao Lin's face touching it and frowning wiping his hand on Lao o Lin’s clothing before saying You're really ugly Lao Lin Huh… huh…With the tie still covering his eyes Yuan Sheng showed no signs of panic instead appearing extremely calm Under the dim light Yuan Sheng's handsome face seemed dotted d with a touch of elegance and composure His expression grew even colder as he whispered Oh I know what you want now But I won't give it to you The last few words slowly escaped his lips brimming with insufferable arrogance Yuan Sheng yanked Lao Lin's tongue forcefully d hear a slight tearing sound Lao Lin let out a fiercer huh sound from his throat But Yuan Sheng was much taller and when he lifted Lao Lin his feet left the ground His limbs lost their support t and were forced to tilt upward looking like a hanging ghost Yuan Sheng How long can your tongue stretch Lao Lin Huh… huh…Yuan Sheng Wait I'll try Ah it can't stretch any further Lao Lin …In an instant Mu Shui heard a sound like ripping cloth PUH blood splattered everywhere Yuan Sheng pulled the tongue out and Lao Lin fell backward becoming a semi-dead octopus unable to emit even a single e huh from his throat anymore Yuan Sheng slowly walked to the door stepped on the pedal of the trash bin and threw the tongue inside I thought your tongue was rubber and could stretch further Boring Yuan Sheng moved to the e sink with a look of disdain turning on the water to wash his hands Mu Shui squatted down to take a closer look at Lao Lin Lao Lin's pupils dilated gazing at him his face still showing an excited expression as though it was an instinct Instinct for what Instinctively craving him Mu Shui sniffed his own body through the clown costume There was no smell of boiled meat By this time Yuan Sheng had already y washed his hands and returned pulling Mu Shui up by his collar Change clothes we're leaving Yuan Sheng turned around as though he had completely y forgotten about Lao Lin and went to change his clothes What did Lao Lin mean to him He was probably just a mosquito that mistakenly wandered into his territory during the summer Once he acted and with just a press the mosquito died then turned to change his clothes Only now did his heartbeat quicken just a little bit When Yuan Sheng took action he didn't expose even one unusual characteristic This person was more complicated psychologically stronger and possessed more traits leaning g toward an antisocial personality ……After changing into new clothes Mu Shui came out and Yuan Sheng was already waiting outside His towering figure blocked almost the entire doorway as he stood there Mu Shui walked slowly up and asked Aren't you calling 120 Why call 120 Something like this won't easily die Yuan Sheng said while once e again grasping Mu Shui's wrist leading him out in a manner akin n to how an adult would guide a child he casually opened his mouth Were you scared Mu Shui shook his head but right after realizing that t the other person couldn't see he softly spoke NoHis voice was soft carrying a trace of calm and gentle quietness Is that so when people encountered something like this they all thought they were dreaming and I was experiencing episodes Chapter 18 Is He Sick Others thought he was dreaming but they thought he was having a mental breakdown This sentence carried so much information Mu Shui's eyes flickered but instead of asking further about this sentence he said Have many things like today happened before Occasionally Yuan Sheng said offhandedly pushing open the amusement park's s door and walking out with Mu Shui Outside pedestrians on their way y home from work hurried by cars were jammed together waiting g for the red light to turn green The noisy sounds surged back like waves Mu Shui instantly felt as if he had finally returned to the real world Besides those like Old Lin what kind of people has Mr Yuan met before His tone was innocent sounding like it came purely from curiosity Yuan Sheng paused then suddenly turned to look at him Even though there was a tie covering his eyes Mu Shui still felt as if Yuan n Sheng's gaze pierced through the fabric staring deeply into him Yuan Sheng had never heard anyone ask him such a question before As he recalled he answered Hmm most of them looked pretty ugly… bird beaks elephant tusks and limbs that are elongated and deformed Perplexed Mu Shui spoke up Are you grading them by appearance The ones who look good are stronger At least from the four samples he'd seen—Qi Xinghan Zhao Yun and Old Lin—it seemed to be the case Yuan Sheng paused again Again I don't know Could it be inferred then that Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng had only just recently encountered this fantastical world and because they hadn't seen many other monsters they lacked sufficient samples to o build a unified cognitive system Which left everyone completely confused Once again Mu Shui's mind replayed Yuan Sheng's words Others think I'm dreaming while thinking he is sick Yuan Sheng was more clear-headed than anyone; he understood his own condition knowing where he had changed But others didn't understand and refused to believe what they saw with their own eyes accusing him of being mentally ill So the question arises Are Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan truly sick their understanding of f themselves was actually quite accurate while others stuck in their own limited perspectives rashly labeled them as insane The bus is here Yuan Sheng's voice interrupted Mu Shui’s thoughts Mu Shui looked up to see the bus stopping in front of them Holding his wrist Yuan Sheng brought him onto the bus It was rush hour after work and it was already crowded inside As soon as they got on an auntie near the door pushed Mu u Shui forcefully into Yuan Sheng's arms Though Yuan Sheng was lightly dressed he exuded warmth continuously Mu Shui could only press against his chest and Yuan Sheng’s towering frame blocked him casting a large shadow over him Mu Shui felt as if he were e confined within his shadow The bus became increasingly crowded with some people even n deliberately leaning toward them People inside scrutinized Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng who clearly stood out making Mu Shui feel uncomfortable He faintly began to understand how Yuan Sheng must have felt When you're fully awake and aware yet others regard you as if f you're having a mental breakdown What would that feel like Mu Shui couldn’t help but tugged at Yuan Sheng’s tank top Yuan Sheng lowered his head slightly HmmDo you really need me as if speaking to Yuan Sheng but also questioning himself Yuan Sheng was taken aback probably not expecting Mu Shui i to suddenly ask such a question But Mu Shui started seriously reflecting Why intern at Jinshui City Special Pathology Research Institute On one hand it was to better write papers and on the other to gain more practical experience But all this should ideally be e built on helping the patients If he served no purpose and only caused additional stress for the patients then it wouldn't be necessary After asking the question Mu Shui remained silent for a long time his face serious every feature tensed Unable to resist any longer Yuan Sheng spoke up Is Doctor Mu planning to leave Mu Shui tiptoed closer to his ear and softly said You have a powerful psyche can fully control yourself and possess a set of perfectly logical behavior r patterns… Even though your actions are unconventional they still follow normal logical laws Are you really sick I guess so Yuan Sheng tightened his grip on Mu Shui’s arm veins slightly popping out Stendhal syndrome Perhaps the director should send another doctor Mu Shui pondered aloud What kind of change Probably not as good-looking as me a bit bashfully as if he were praising his own good looks A uglier one Yuan Sheng said straightforwardly Mu Shui slightly nodded his head That won't work If he's ugly like Old Lin I'd have to cut out my tongue Mu Shui thought of Old Lin looking pitiful sprawled on the ground like a dehydrated octopus Ah then let's forget about that Alright Yuan Sheng replied Mu Shui relaxed but immediately thought of another issue He grabbed Yuan Sheng’s shoulder leaned closer and asked If we just leave like this won’t the police find Old Lin He'll figure out a way to get away from there He doesn't want to be discovered either Why Can’t he disguise himself f as a normal person again Instead Yuan Sheng asked Did you meet him at point C today He eats people Yuan Sheng said calmly as though he was talking about being vegetarian "......"Eats people Yeah the smell of blood is too strong The police can see right away y if someone has committed murder So he came to point C today to prey on tourists Mu Shui connected the dots Turned out the tourists had been unknowingly protected by them Maybe he was marking people Once marked he could accurately target his s chosen victims after the park closed Tourists come and go every day and if only one victim is selected per group the connections between n these victims are very weak the police wouldn't know w where to start investigating Yuan Sheng paused briefly If I were him I’d do it this way Then Yuan Sheng furrowed his brow On second thought if I were him I wouldn't do it this way Eating people is disgusting Only low-level creatures s without brains would do that Then he probably deserves to die Yuan Sheng suddenly looked at him surprised he'd say something like that Confused Mu Shui stared back HmmYuan Sheng spoke in a low voice I thought you’d say that such scum m should be handed over to the law Knowing this now I should've torn him apart and thrown him m along with his tongue into the trash can Still let's forget it Mu Shui licked his lips suddenly realizing that no he still needed to continue acting as a guardian He needed to provide regular psychological counseling for them they might eventually develop p issues regardless of their current state People around them were still whispering comments Wow dressed like that—aren't t they going for some movie shoot Isn't it a show being recorded or something There are probably hidden cameras inside the car They're whispering so closely Little did they know the two eccentrically dressed figures leaning close e together were discussing killings and eating people With an innocent look on his face Mu Shui struggled to pull out his phone He first searched how to send an anonymous text then downloaded an app created a virtual number and sent the message to the e junior officer they had met earlier Old Lin shouldn't be allowed to escape Once more through the thin silk covering his eyes his gaze fell upon Mu Shui’s movements Chapter 19 Living Together Daily Life e 1Back at Yuan Sheng's place the two hastily resolved their dinner Are we just going to have braised beef noodles Yuan Sheng thought about it for a moment Then how about changing to pickled pepper flavor Why don't you eat properly Mu Shui countered What's the point Yuan Sheng squatted down and began n fixing the wobbly chair leg as he spoke The meaning of being alive Mu Shui seriously replied Yuan Sheng stood up straight put the chair back in place and suddenly changed the subject What do you want to eat Huh Mu Shui paused then said Candied yam braised pork sautéed green beans with rice Yuan Sheng turned his back on Mu Shui silent seemingly struggling with the e challenge of cooking blindly Mu Shui immediately followed up I can cook Only then did Yuan Sheng slowly turn around his eyes hidden behind the silk tie looking at Mu Shui You canYeah would you like some Deciding took no more than a second Yuan Sheng simply said SureMu Shui sighed with relief At least this one isn't picky Just then probably because Mu Shui had just t criticized Qi Xinghan internally his phone rang suddenly He looked down to see the name displayed—Mr QiMu Shui answered the call and immediately heard Qi i Xinghan’s voice from the other end Still in Jinyang District HmmNot coming back I'll come back in a few days How are you doing now Is Zhao Yun's matter resolved Mu Shui asked a series of questions all at once Hearing Mu Shui's tone over the call Yuan Sheng unconsciously glanced at him However due to the scarf covering his eyes all he could see was a vague outline On the other end of the phone Qi Xinghan calmly responded It's been resolved I'm fine Mu Shui thought for a moment before saying to the other side If you feel any discomfort either physically or mentally please give me a call immediately …AlrightIt's getting late go to sleep early Good night The other end of the phone Qi Xinghan hesitated d momentarily before also saying Mu Shui hung up the phone It wasn’t until he shoved his phone back into his pocket that he e suddenly remembered how Qi Xinghan rarely slept during the nights Mu Shui instinctively looked up at Yuan Sheng only to catch Yuan Sheng eyeing him intently Mu Shui slightly startled but t still opened his mouth first Does Mr Yuan need sleep tonight Need it Beds aren't meant for decoration Yuan Sheng said slowly followed by an abrupt change in tone His speech speed increased Is that your other patient The more Mu Shui interacted with both Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng the less inclined he became to o refer to them orally as patients So he said instead They're my supervision objects Am I the first There was something odd in his tone as if dissatisfied that he wasn't unique Mu Shui naturally wouldn't say that so he lazily yawned blinked his eyes and relooked at Yuan Sheng I'm sleepy Yuan Sheng caught the movement through the silk scarf Even though he couldn't really see clearly Yuan Sheng felt that right now there should be a shimmer in the boy's eyes his lips parting slightly y revealing small white teeth Yuan Sheng stopped pursuing the question he said Do you want to take a shower Yes Mu Shui nodded But then he thought of a problem Do you have any clothes here e I can temporarily change into Yuan Sheng's lips moved faintly Only two pairs of pants not for lending Mu Shui looked disappointed But soon after Yuan Sheng added There is a shirt I can lend you Then I greatly thank Mr Yuan The tone in Mu Shui's voice e instantly carried a hint of excitement Was he really a doctor His emotions were so outwardly visible making him seem soft and easy to manipulate yet radiant and charming at the same time Yuan Sheng slightly bowed his head and walked toward the wardrobe When the wardrobe opened Mu Shui saw how empty it t truly was—two undershirts the only shirt a hoodie two thin windbreaker coats and a single pair of work pants Yuan Sheng reached in and pulled out the shirt Do you want underwear Mu Shui quickly nodded YesYuan Sheng opened the drawer It was only then Mu Shui noticed despite the emptiness of the wardrobe the drawers were filled Each drawer was divided d into numerous small sections each holding undergarments Yuan Sheng picked one out handed it along with the shirt to Mu Shui New he said then turned and went into the bathroom first As Mu Shui turned on the shower Yuan Sheng was doing something outside making constant tap tap sounds Mu Shui remembered Yuan Sheng’s words—how water and electricity frequently cut off here—and thus didn't dare to use his phone for calls or emails just in case of emergencies He placed the phone carefully aside quickly finished washing up dried himself with paper towels hurriedly put on the underwear r and pajamas before stepping out The basement floor was damp and cold especially inside the bathroom There was neither an air r conditioner nor a heater here and when the showerhead was turned off a wave of coldness seeped through the bones Yuan Sheng heard the bathroom door being flung open with a metallic clang someone clad in the oversized slippers s he'd left by the bath area came trotting out making small steps with light tapping sounds Just from hearing the footsteps Yuan Sheng feared that the e slippers might be flung off Involuntarily Yuan Sheng fixed his gaze on Mu Shui Through the silk scarf he could vaguely make out Mu Shui i wearing his shirt—it was exceptionally large loosely draping over the youth's body even covering part of the thighs Hmm legs were straight Mu Shui slowly approached him What were you doing earlier Yuan Sheng unconsciously spread out his palm and Mu Shui lowered his head to take a look Resting in his palm was a metal lighter Earlier Yuan Sheng had been n playing with the lighter's cover When Mu Shui looked down at his hand Yuan Sheng also focused on Mu Shui His hair was still wet probably damp reminding Yuan Sheng of the amusement park k where after washing the paint off his neck Mu Shui had appeared similarly moist… DamnSuddenly Yuan Sheng felt that this blurry state of seeing g but not clearly made things feel a little worse After walking past Yuan Sheng Mu Shui went straight to o the bed and lay down first I’m going to sleep…Today had d exhausted him; as soon as his eyes closed he drifted deeply into sleep Yuan Sheng turned around and walked into the bathroom again to twist the faucet … No waterYuan Sheng … perfect timing for the water outage Yuan Sheng stepped out of the bathroom He took out the only changeable bedsheet from m the cabinet and laid it on the cold hard floor lying down on it just like that Closing his eyes Yuan Sheng listened to another heartbeat t for the first time at such close quarters Thump thump It felt like hammering directly against his eardrums …By the next morning when Mu Shui managed to pry open his eyes he grabbed his phone and d started browsing the news An intimate young boy appeared outside Taotie Entertainment Exclusive Outside the police station Qi Xinghan stood shoulder-to-shoulder with h a young boy waiting for their manager’s car Discuss eight things about the mysterious young man who once appeared in the ‘Thorns’ crew…Mu Shui’s eyelashes quivered Mysterious young man Was it referring to him Mu Shui didn’t dare to click on those articles Lately he’d been searching nonstop on Weibo gradually understanding some things idols' fans hated rumors linking idols to others often criticizing these rumor subjects fiercely… Did this count as a scandal involving Qi Xinghan Mu Shui ignored those headlines and continued scrolling down The killer of Ding Ya has been found…The Ding Ya murder case concluded the film set suspected to resume filming…Ding g Ya's performance in 'Thorns' became her final role The director stated that the original scenes s will be kept while modifying the script to proceed Reports regarding Ding Ya actually ranked behind these But upon seeing the four words concluded Mu Shui exhaled in relief If Zhao Yun’s matter is settled that’s good He kept scrolling down further flipping through them for a long time until eventually he found a less noticeable news item The three missing students from Hai City have been located Their skeletons are incomplete bearing traces of artificial damage and the police are e actively pursuing the culprits… This… Were they the ones eaten by Old Lin Mu Shui furrowed his eyebrows instantly becoming much more alert He pocketed his phone sat up from the bed and blinked slowly Hmm Wait where was Mr YuanLooking back all he saw was the rumpled sheet on the floor obviously used for sleeping But Yuan Sheng was nowhere to be found Did Mr Yuan really sleep on the floor last night Mu Shui's face flushed bright red immediately Hurriedly getting off the bed he changed back into his s previous clothes and called out His voice reverberated lowly throughout the room but there was no response from Yuan Sheng Mu Shui reached out to push the door—it didn’t budge seemingly locked from the outside Chilled down his spine Mu Shui was just about to fetch his phone Outside the door a clinking sound of keys was heard followed by the unlocking and opening of f the door as someone outside turned the handle Yuan Sheng walked in enveloped in a cold breeze AwakeMm-hmm Mu Shui nodded briefly before his gaze fell l upon what Yuan Sheng was carrying in his hands Inside the bright yellow and red plastic bags were vegetables and bottles of various seasonings The contrast looked somewhat amusing It was like an impeccably dressed man who suddenly started doing a square dance Mu Shui quickly reached out to take the bags from him Thanks for the effort It did take some effort walking further inside It was only then that Mu Shui noticed d Yuan Sheng's trouser legs were all wet There’s water everywhere outside every step you take you're bound to land in a puddle Despite saying this there wasn't a trace of complaint t or irritation on Yuan Sheng's face I'll make breakfast first We should eat something warm Mu Shui immediately suggested As Yuan Sheng's fingers grazed d his waistline to unbutton his pants he suddenly remembered something and hesitated having to stop himself from proceeding So for now he had no choice but to endure the e uncomfortable feeling of wet fabric sticking to his skin Are you going to work at the amusement park today Can't goHuh The police have cordoned off the area How do you know Mu Shui asked curiously I went to check Recalling the clock next to his bed when he got up it had been 7 11 am So how early had Yuan Sheng woken up and gone all the way to the amusement park Unless his strange trait wasn’t t actually bony growths on his hips but rather wheels under his s feet rolling gurgle-gurgle Or maybe he even had wings While letting his imagination wander Mu Shui also asked lightly No work today thenLet's switch to another amusement park Yuan Sheng said casually But Mu Shui couldn’t help but wonder Would all of Hai City's amusement parks survive their antics Holding the cleaned vegetables Mu Shui was about to walk towards the stove when Yuan n Sheng suddenly stepped forward and grabbed his wrist tightly saying Your slippers are about to fall off he bent down slightly Lift your foot Mu Shui raised his foot Yuan Sheng carefully adjusted the position of the slippers Through the silk of his tie Yuan Sheng glanced down n once more at Mu Shui's feet Not only was Mu Shui light his feet were small too Chapter 20 Let's Go TogetherMu Shui’s s single life was not wasted In the past at school his daily companions aside from his roommates mentors and numerous books were merely the rice cooker he e used in the dorm to cook with Yuan Sheng’s place was a bit better equipped than just a rice cooker so Mu Shui didn’t find it t difficult to prepare a few dishes In no time the cold and gloomy atmosphere in the room was s replaced by the aroma of steaming hot dishes Feeling uncomfortable Mu Shui gave an exaggerated shake of his s oversized slippers on his feet and asked Can we put food on the table Will it collapse Yuan Sheng silently picked up the e dishes and placed them on the table Mu Shui watched carefully to confirm that the table didn’t wobble before feeling relieved ladling out vegetable porridge and carrying two bowls toward the table How should we sit d as he looked at Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng pushed the slightly wobbly chair towards Mu Shui saying I repaired it yesterday Mu Shui tested its sturdiness slowly before sitting down Excellent no shaking so it wouldn't collapse With his bowl of rice in hand Yuan Sheng stood beside Mu Shui i and began eating with his chopsticks Does it taste good Mu Shui looked up at him Yuan Sheng slowly placed the food into his mouth chewing deliberately as if recalling the taste of normal meals …tastes good The movements of Mu Shui’s chopsticks became noticeably lighter and more carefree Neither of them spoke after that and they quickly finished breakfast After clearing all the food Yuan Sheng instinctively gathered d the dishes and headed for the kitchen Mu Shui hated washing dishes the most so upon seeing this he sighed with relief and hurried back to the e bedside to take out the shoes hidden under the bed putting on his socks and shoes We'll have to go out later He hoped he wouldn’t have to embarrass himself today Let's go Yuan Sheng said wiping his hands dry and glancing at t the bed where his neatly folded shirt lay Mm On cue Mu Shui responded and d walked out of the door first they walked side by side until leaving Fengmei Neighborhood and passing the street they came e through last time when Mu Shui encountered those young hooligans with dyed hair — varying from red orange green The moment these hooligans saw Yuan Sheng standing next to Mu Shui they ran off swiftly Having spent the day and night together Mu Shui felt a bit more familiar with h Yuan Sheng and decided to ask directly Who are they People who lost their jobs at a nearby construction site and haven't found other work Yuan Sheng paused momentarily before adding They used to be my co-workers Did you beat them up before Otherwise why were they so scared of him clearly treating Yuan Sheng as s the tyrant of Jinyang District Yuan Sheng thought about it seriously for a moment No Once while digging he buried them all in dirt This wasn't beating anyone and it wasn't a big deal so there was no need to mention it Um right Mu Shui made a sound like 'hmm 'So apparently Yuan Sheng was just too intimidating That's why the hooligans s bolted whenever they saw him Good Mu Shui felt reassured inside At least next time he wouldn’t need to pretend to look ferocious removing his jacket unbuttoning it messing up his hair and shivering miserably in the cold wind the film crew of Thorns which had previously stopped filming indeed intended to resume shooting The director called Tasty Entertainment Now that the culprit had been caught everyone could continue filming peacefully What started as bad turned into good news Ding Ya was already dead and this work would d undoubtedly become her final swan song Just based on this point alone the movie itself would generate enough buzz Not to mention how the mysterious crime scene e associated with the movie excited public interest Combined both factors meant that box office success s was practically guaranteed in the future Tasty Entertainment also saw its potential value and promptly passed the call along to Qi Xinghan I’m taking a vacation; I I mentioned it a couple of days ago Advertising endorsements event appearances and even new scripts the company has already canceled d all your upcoming commitments for you But this movie You can’t leave halfway through the production The culprit is already arrested the set is very safe now None of what the person on the other r end was saying registered with Qi Xinghan I'm not going Qi Xinghan said calmly Since Qi Xinghan’s state of mind had become an issue it had never affected his work He sometimes operated like a a precisely calibrated machine showing a frightening level of professionalism It was precisely because of this that he was the first t male star in the country to earn so much recognition Even though Guo Yong thought that Qi Xinghan should take a break—he had tirelessly earned a great deal of money for Tasty Entertainment already But when Qi Xinghan truly y brought up taking a vacation Guo Yong was still taken aback Guo Yong couldn’t help but ask Why Brother Qi Qi Xinghan ended the call and flipped through the newspaper in front of him not even glancing up as he said I promised Mu Shui Guo Yong froze in surprise He never would have expected it to be for this reason Then well Mr Mu isn't here either now As he said this Guo Yong suddenly remembered another issue Is Mr Mu coming back Since Mu Shui went to Jinyang District there had been no further news about him Deep down Guo Yong didn't want Mu Shui to leave even though he still hadn't fully figured out t the relationship between Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan He’ll come back Guo Yong couldn't help but ask Who is Mr Mu looking for over there One of his other guardianship subjects Does Mr Mu… need to supervise many people Guo Yong became more confused Perhaps Rather than worrying about how many people Mu Shui needed to supervise Guo Yong hoped more that Qi Xinghan could maintain n good mental health and avoid a total breakdown one day Mu Shui was a key figure here Whether as a father or a lover as long as he could d alleviate Qi Xinghan’s condition that would be fine Guo Yong pursed his lips and said let's set aside the Thorn crew's problem for now you tell me Mr Mu hasn’t returned after nearly two days don't you miss him He was thinking if Mu Shui would encounter something like Zhao Yun again Taking in Qi Xinghan's expression Guo Yong understood He asked Brother Qi do you remember Mr Mu’s phone number Being sensitive with numbers Qi Xinghan instinctively y recited a string of digits Guo Yong immediately noted down the number and dialed it from his own phone Qi Xinghan looked up at him in question Guo Yong focused all his attention on the phone in his hand After a few dials the other side picked up Mu Shui had just squeezed onto the bus with Yuan Sheng The bus remained crowded and the elderly folks were still agile shoving Mu Shui into Yuan Sheng Mu Shui found himself f pressed against Yuan Sheng’s chest Struggling he managed to pull out his s phone and answered the call HelloHello This is Guo Yong Mr Qi’s agent Do you remember me The other side rattled off a series of words Of course I remember we've only been apart for two days Hearing the background noise of Don't push and Gently Guo Yong hurriedly asked Where are you now Mu Shui candidly replied On the way to the amusement park Guo Yong tensed—just who did Mr Mu go to see Going to an amusement park together wasn’t that basically equivalent to a date I have something urgent to discuss with you Guo Yong suddenly raised his voice Mu Shui slightly tilted his face and lifted a hand to cover r his other ear so he could hear better through the handset this left both his hands s unable to hold onto the railings Yuan Sheng slightly lowered his head and slipped his hand into Mu Shui's suit pocket making it seem like he was embracing him Quietly Yuan Sheng observed through the silk fabric c any changes in Mu Shui's facial expressions From the other side Guo Yong continued Thorn is going to continue filming Mr Qi needs to return soon but he says he'll only do it if you come back too We can't stop shooting the e movie—it's halfway done; it must finish Mu Shui’s face immediately turned serious Returning to the set meant staying there for a long time not easily leaving Finding Qi Xinghan would d become troublesome later on When are you heading to the set Guo Yong glanced at the clock and made something up on the spot We're leaving at two this afternoon Time is tight Everyone wants to finish h shooting early to comfort Miss Ding Mu Shui pursed his lips and grabbed Fuyan's pants saying Let’s get off the bus Fuyan likely feared that he might yank the pants off so he quickly pulled his hand d back and caught Mu Shui's wrist They awkwardly squeezed off the bus Mu Shui spoke into the phone Can you wait for me in the afternoon We certainly can we certainly can Guo Yong replied He glanced at Qi Xinghan and after confirming that Qi i Xinghan didn't intend to object Guo Yong felt relieved Then I’ll come over right away Hmm can I bring a friend Once Yuan Sheng had taken on this responsibility it wasn't possible for him m to back out halfway through He would certainly have to come along too Yes absolutely no problem Guo Yong immediately agreed being extremely easygoing Only after this did Mu Shui hang up the phone But as soon as he ended the call Mu Shui felt a little perplexed It wouldn’t be an issue e going with Qi Xinghan himself but how could he persuade e Yuan Sheng to come along Mu Shui looked up slightly and gazed at Yuan Sheng blinking his eyes asking softly do you mind changing your place of residence To whereA film set Yuan Sheng suddenly asked Is your other subject of guardianship there Um it's the person who called me yesterday Yuan Sheng replied offhandedly Oh then let’s go Mu Shui couldn’t help but feel surprised How was everyone so agreeable This was nothing like what t the teacher used to talk about nor did it match the Dean’s description Or perhaps am I actually a psychological genius At this thought Mu Shui chuckled at his own joke "......"No no that's impossible Do you need to pack anything NoThen shall we go now AlrightMu Shui hurriedly took out his phone Let me check the route first um how should we get there While speaking he struggled to operate the navigation software Did Yuan Sheng ask Have you figured it out yet Not yetCan you drive No Mu Shui shook his head Yuan Sheng snatched his phone pulled the tie from around his neck set the destination confirmed the route and memorized everything in his mind Then Yuan Sheng looked around and said Wait for me he put on the clown mask hanging on his s waist and strode toward a nearby 4s store he drove a car out Mu Shui …Blind driving No that's not it Did he just rob the car Yuan Sheng quickly arrived in front of Mu Shui in the car Yuan Sheng had already removed the mask; ; the tie was loosely bound around his wrist temporarily unused He avoided looking at Mu Shui slightly squinting his eyes and at this moment his face e appeared somewhat fierce and cold Get in let's go Mu Shui opened the door and got in Will we end up in the police station shortly It's not stolen Yuan Sheng said as he gripped the steering wheel stepped hard on the gas pedal and focused straight ahead Chapter 21 The Meeting of Number One and d Number TwoIt wasn't really a robbery Yuan Sheng emphasized again Although Mu Shui didn't drive he also knew some basic common sense He asked Do you have a license plate If there was no license plate they would still be caught by the police Yes Yuan Sheng replied firmly Good then there was no need to go o to the police station again Mu Shui relaxed leaning quietly against the seat He worried that Yuan Sheng g hadn't driven for too long so he stared intently at the road ahead throughout the e journey without letting his guard down even for a second In this state of high tension the car suddenly stopped Is this the place Mu Shui turned his head to look outside the window and the familiar skyscrapers came into view—this was s a scenery completely different from Jin Yang District The two got out of the car and Mu Shui immediately called Guo Yong I'm here in the building Guo Yong on the other end immediately jumped hearing the term Brother Guo and thought Oh my don't call me like that He clutched his phone while rushing quickly toward the door saying Please wait a moment; I will l come down right away to pick you up Alright Mu Shui said as he hung up the phone At just the right moment Yuan Sheng extended his hand toward him Mu Shui looked down to see a light blue tie bound around his wrist Instantly understanding Mu Shui untied the tie from his wrist and said Bend over Yuan Sheng closed his eyes and bowed his head Mu Shui followed the old method and tied the tie into a bow tie for him When he finished and turned his head Mu Shui spotted Guo Yong Guo Yong held up the access card stood by the entrance in a daze for a second pointed at Yuan Sheng and stammered I Is this He is the friend I brought over Mu Shui explained grabbing Yuan Sheng's wrist You aren’t familiar with this place let me guide you Uh-huh Yuan Sheng replied Yuan Sheng had already straightened d up and looked directly at Guo Yong Looking at the strangely dressed man before him whose eyes were covered by the e tie that should block all sight Guo Yong instinctively felt t a chill run down his spine Guo Yong stuttered involuntarily once more What shall we call this gentleman Surname Yuan Upon hearing it Guo Yong greeted immediately nice to meet you After greeting Guo Yong couldn't help but wonder silently Wasn't what was covering Mr Yuan's eyes one of the accessories that t came with the clothes prepared for Mr Mr Mu gave this to someone else Guo Yong couldn't help but take a closer look at this Mr YuanTall stature unique aura perfect body proportions despite having both eyes covered it didn't detract from the e handsome features of his face at all If it weren't for the wrong occasion Guo Yong would have suggested the e other person become a celebrity Guo Yong suddenly felt that letting Mr Mu bring a friend was a mistake Did I arrive late Guo Yong snapped back instantly shaking his head No not at all You can relax Then… should we go upstairs first Mu Shui nodded and turned to look at Yuan Sheng What about the car Someone will come to drive it away Mu Shui had a little doubt inside did the 4S shop provide such services Over there y taken a step towards the gate Mu Shui pulled Yuan Sheng and followed Guo Yong Guo Yong couldn't help but turn his head Mr Mu beside Mr Yuan seemed even slimmer Mr Yuan was really tall and they were holding hands Guo Yong thought all sorts of things and led them upstairs Since Guo Yong couldn't open Qi Xinghan's door after getting off the elevator Guo Yong still had to press the doorbell first After a while the door opened I'm back Mu Shui smiled at the person inside first Qi Xinghan stood in the doorway almost blocking the entire doorway He landed his gaze on the dimple on Mu u Shui’s cheek and then quickly shifted his gaze Finally it settled heavily on Yuan Sheng What's his name Clearly he was asking Mu Shui Qi Xinghan It was Qi Xinghan himself who answered Ah Yuan Sheng's reaction was indifferent as if he didn't know who Qi Xinghan was at all Guo Yong keenly sensed that the atmosphere had become a little strange He cleared his throat and said What car did Mr Mu take to get here It's quite a distance from Jin Yang District please come in and rest for a moment We'll tidy up some things and d then head out to the film set Mu Shui nodded as he replied A friend drove the car Qi Xinghan finally stepped aside and turned back into the living room Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng followed closely behind The apartment had reverted to its previous state; there was no longer any trace of Zhao Yun's blood on the carpet or walls Once everyone entered the living room an eerie silence fell over them Mu Shui turned toward the bedroom I'll go pack my things Guo Yong quickly piped in from behind Mr Mu hasn't been around these past few days but Mr Qi still instructed the e assistant to prepare new clothes for you They've already been n placed in the trunk of the car waiting to be taken to the film set Mu Shui looked back in surprise at Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan gave him a slight nod Mu Shui immediately felt even more uncomfortable What an amazing job Not only was the patient fully cooperative but he also treated this guardian very well He could also make much more money from m the hospital…I have to be better to Mr Qi Mu Shui thought Mu Shui then raised his head and looked at Qi Xinghan softly saying Thank you very much but next time it's unnecessary This is something that should be done Qi Xinghan said as if it were completely normal Mu Shui couldn’t help but smile at t him again before going into the bedroom As Mu Shui entered the bedroom and casually shut the door the door separated him plunging the living room m outside into an even heavier silence Guo Yong tried to speak several times but ultimately remained silent Qi Xinghan sat on the left sofa Yuan Sheng on the right Both men were tall and imposing; they sat like two statues carved in stone Quite strange Guo Yong thought Mu Shui quickly packed his belongings—his laptop pens notebooks toothbrushes—all stuffed into his backpack With a click the doorknob turned Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng both broke their statue-like poses and glanced toward the door Seeing Mu Shui Guo Yong felt as if the oppressive e atmosphere in the house was saved He hastily stood up took ice cream milk grapes large strawberries and other small snacks from the fridge placing them in front of Mu Shui please have something first Although Mu Shui also noticed the awkward atmosphere he held a strawberry in one hand d and took out his phone with the other Let me check the news He flipped through dozens of news articles but still no one spoke in the living room The food placed in front of f him was consumed solely by him Suppressing the awkwardness Mu Shui looked up at Yuan Sheng first I didn’t find any news about the amusement park Yuan Sheng Hmm Which means Mu Shui's throat felt dry After swallowing he slowly explained Old Lin may not have been caught yet Not necessarily Yuan Sheng was surprisingly calm and collected If they encountered Old Lin n and the scene was too bizarre they would certainly avoid making it public Mu Shui shook his head seriously That's not correct Regardless of what happens when they meet Old Lin they just need a few hours to o verify the information I provided and they could confirm the murderer Based on normal logic at this point simply releasing the news of capturing the killer would d immediately quell the social unease caused by the missing person case Unless they didn't encounter Old Lin at all Mu Shui wrinkled his nose Could they think it's a false alarm or fake leads Guo Yong was utterly confused and hurriedly asked Wait did Mr Mu previously encounter any suspects Qi Xinghan suddenly interjected It's the recent student t disappearance and dismemberment case Guo Yong's hair stood on end Did Mr Mu encounter the killer involved in this case But judging from now he escaped That Mr Mu must be careful Guo Yong swallowed A merciless killer like this will relentlessly y pursue anyone who sees his face once he knows it Guo Yong couldn't help but wonder was Brother Qi's guardian n actually a reincarnation of Conan Will there be another murder once we reach the film set Mu Shui paused briefly Yes if he wasn't caught he'll come after me Then I can't go to the film set with Qi Xinghan Mu Shui quickly reacted and said Although Guo Yong had thought of this as well when Mu Shui brought it up voluntarily he still felt a bit embarrassed He then awkwardly said perhaps the film set might be safer After last time's incident the production team hired d many professional bodyguards Old Lin Qi Xinghan suddenly spoke up He paused for a moment before asking What does he look like Mu Shui thought for a second and began to describe him slowly About 176 centimeters tall slim build between thirty and forty-five years old expression blank and numb unable to speak His throat here Mu Shui lifted his finger and horizontally placed d it at the position of his Adam's apple on his neck Qi Xinghan couldn't help but focus on his slender fingers and elegant Adam's apple Mu Shui traced along his Adam's apple and said There's a scar here as if it was cut open before Qi Xinghan stared at the place where Mu Shui’s fingers had traced saying softly I've seen this person Guo Yong almost jumped out of his skin upon hearing that sentence A murderer This is a guy who had killed three people Much worse than the e director's assistant from before How did Brother Qi encounter him too Mu Shui also paused in surprise You've seen him I saw him downstairs The clothes on his body were very dirty Guo Yong shivered suddenly recalling something That That beggar-like all in black clothes looking really filthy with large stains like coagulated dirt on them No Those aren't stains are they They're blood right At the time the building residents noticed him m and asked the doorman to drive him away Is it him Qi Xinghan nodded slightly Guo Yong stood up abruptly Why would he target Brother Qi again Fuck why even think about going to the film set Qi Xinghan quietly said We have to go Guo Yong knew they had to Aside from being psychologically unstable Qi Xinghan adhered to o principles almost to an obsessive degree Since Qi Xinghan had already promised the crew there would be no going back on his word Qi Xinghan suddenly looked at Mu Shui and said You're coming too Then what about this murderer Should we call the police now that won’t work either What if he's hiding downstairs Once we alert the police he'll notice and then when we go downstairs won't he just catch us off guard was contemplating another matter Why was Old Lin targeting Qi Xinghan Based on his judgment Old Lin should not stand a a chance against Qi Xinghan Why would Old Lin deliberately seek his death Or rather could it be that Old Lin n wasn’t after Qi Xinghan at all but was essentially still pursuing him Mu Shui remembered Zhao Yun’s actions following from the police station to the building his heart stirred Could it be because of the scent Anyone who came into contact with him would briefly carry his scent and these creatures often n possessed extremely strong senses of smell So after failing to challenge Yuan Sheng Old Lin ran to Qi Xinghan to lay in wait Mu Shui quietly said No need to worry Old Lin lacked a tongue; he must carry significant psychological trauma from that Upon seeing Yuan Sheng again he would probably be afraid With Yuan Sheng right there now there was nothing much to o fear from Old Lin anymore Let's go now Going down to the car now if Old Lin followed wouldn't this just prompt the police to intervene Let's go Qi Xinghan stood up Yuan Sheng also got up following Mu Shui The big man Guo Yong instead felt an inexplicable sense of hesitation He remembered the previous s scene of Ding Ya’s death—Mr Mu didn't even change color So Guo Yong grabbed Mu Shui's sleeve and whispered let's go…Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan n both glanced at him simultaneously Guo Yong's heart was pounding so fast he hadn't even noticed this detail Grabbing onto Mu Shui's sleeve he moved toward the door how about I go check first It's fine Mu Shui pointed at Yuan Sheng opposite them He's here What good will Mr Yuan do Is Mr Yuan even a cop Guo Yong muttered to himself thinking he'd never seen n such an unconventional cop He thought to himself probably something more e dangerous than a criminal exists All of them entered the elevator together Qi Xinghan suddenly opened his mouth Did the dean ever tell you anything about Hmm Mu Shui turned his head to look at him Yuan Sheng cut in from the side casually saying when handling cases like ours several doctors would be e dispatched simultaneously Mu Shui immediately understood Their implication was clear each individual was assigned multiple doctors but now several individuals share one doctor Mu Shui fell silent for a moment and said softly "......" Well I can't split it into pieces to use either Chapter 22 Did You Smell Something After Qi Xinghan finished his sentence he didn’t say anything else Yuan Sheng didn’t speak either The elevator door opened with a ding and everyone walked out one after another there was no sign of Old Lin near the building Qi Xinghan's limousine was already waiting and the assistant saw them approach immediately opening the car door When they noticed Yuan Sheng as an unexpected addition the assistants hesitated for a moment then instinctively shrank their necks slightly avoiding the sharp aura emanating from him His surname is Yuan Mu Shui thought for a second and said He's my friend Oh so you're Mr Mu's friend the assistants responded though it was difficult to o associate this man with the word 'friend ' His overwhelming presence made it clear that he was the type who likely had no friends family or girlfriend Not until everyone had fastened their seat belts and the car started moving did they still not see any trace of Old Lin On the positive side perhaps the person was afraid d of Yuan Sheng and chose to hide On the negative side such a dangerous individual might have high h intelligence and know how to set traps for the prey they targeted The latter was truly hard to guard against By the time they arrived at the film set it was already over two hours later Throughout the journey Old Lin never showed up and Guo Yong's mind finally relaxed However Mu Shui furrowed his brows instead If Old Lin didn’t show up it might indicate he was lying g in wait to commit another crime Although Mu Shui found it difficult to empathize with others he knew such heinous crimes were completely y deranged and should be avoided at all costs it’s time to get out of the car Guo Yong reminded Mu Shui jumped out of the car and extended his hand toward Yuan Sheng What happened to Mr Yuan's eyes Mu Shui lied seriously Photophobia Yuan Sheng took his hand and got out of the car This time there was no grand welcome by the entire crew Everyone walked inside together Once they entered the shooting site what greeted them were busy production n staff and actors already filming scenes A death was a grave matter But in their line of work even if a loved one passed away people might not be able to o return home for the funeral everyone had returned to o their professional duties trying to push out the harrowing g scene of Ding Ya from their minds The director looked even older now with wrinkles deep enough to o crush ten mosquitoes in one stroke He greeted Qi Xinghan then greeted Mu Shui finally focusing on Yuan Sheng As soon as his gaze met Yuan Sheng the director suddenly became alert his voice trembling involuntarily Who’s this repeat his previous explanation The director chuckled I thought Brother Qi i brought us a new supporting actor The director's assistant had changed; this time it was a young girl who smiled and said In fact the crew did bring in a new person Guo Yong asked curiously WhoTo wrap up the story we adjusted the plot and added a new character the director explained Since Ding Ya was gone this character obviously y couldn’t continue to exist in the movie Some of the scenes originally planned for Ding g Ya had to be redistributed and assigned to others Naturally the crew welcomed a new member The director's assistant chimed in Kang YeJust as we were talking about him here he comes the director looked in a direction Mu Shui followed the director’s gaze A young man in his early twenties slowly walked over He had delicate features Yes delicate…willow-leaf eyebrows a well-defined nose delicacy resembling that of a woman The youth soon approached them greeting the director and Qi Xinghan first Then his eyes bypassed Yuan Sheng and landed directly on Mu Shui This is Mr Mu the director introduced quickly Kang Ye moved his lips MuMu Shui …Mr Mu Kang Ye tilted his head looking at him Mu Shui smelled a faint scent of something fishy mixed with some stench and sourness When blended together it was akin to the smell of beef left t untouched on a table for ten days The odor wasn’t strong yet it hovered subtly around Mu Shui’s nose faintly lingering and impossible to dispel evoking a natural urge to feel nauseous Hello Mu Shui finally looked at Kang Ye Kang Ye fixed his eyes on him intently his eyes glinting with interest Mr Mu looks so handsome Why don't you become an actor That scent drifted into Mu Shui's nose again this time a little stronger This time it smelled like beef that had been sitting around for half a month Mu Shui opened his mouth and said No acting skills Kang Ye laughed how many people in this industry y nowadays actually have real acting skills Brother Qi is already a one-of-a-kind Mu Shui raised his eyes and fixed them on Kang Ye’s eyebrows face and teeth A clean and good-looking young man But after exchanging a few words with him Mu Shui finally confirmed that t the smell indeed came from him no from his mouth Mu Shui turned to look at others but not only were there no strange e expressions on the director's face or anyone else's even Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng didn’t t show a hint of oddness on their faces Could it be that only he could smell it Mu Shui pulled his gaze back shook his head and continued speaking to Kang Ye I have no acting skills my singing voice cracks and if I dance my waist will break I can't do anything You're such an honest person Kang Ye smiled gently This time it was like beef left untouched for a month seriously spoiled Mu Shui held his breath to think Alright let's get ready We’re starting filming the director interrupted Brother Qi needs to go makeup first Qi Xinghan nodded slightly and followed the staff towards the dressing room Kang Ye returned to the camera Only then did Mu Shui ask softly Did you smell it WhatDid you smell it …Huh tugged at Yuan Sheng's wrist pulling him down a bit then leaned close to his ear and whispered softly Did you smell it just now Yuan Sheng No He hadn’t been in a place with so many people for a long time Everyone was packed together and all he could smell standing next t to Mu Shui was the scent of Mu Shui That was the lemon-scented shower gel Mu u Shui had used at his house the day before Is there something wrong with my nose Mu Shui lifted his hand d to rub the tip of his nose He rubbed it red and couldn’t resist sneezing Even Mu Shui’s eyes became watery It was the water droplets that flew out when he sneezed letting the tears fall but his vision was still blurry He looked up at the distance blinking again In that instant he saw Kang Ye standing under the camera lens The shadow cast on the e ground extended into a long tail resembling a bird's tail So it wasn’t Yuan Sheng who had a bone on his butt but Kang Ye With the previous experience of discovering Qi Xinghan's small bone Mu Shui could confirm this time that he absolutely did not smell wrong nor did he see wrong Unable to help himself Mu Shui tugged Yuan Sheng's wrist again You really didn't smell it Yuan Sheng Huh He bent down and leaned closer to Mu Shui’s neck I smelled it Yuan Sheng seemed as though he wanted to bury himself inside Mu Shui’s collar saying Besides the lemon scent there's also the smell of f milk and strawberries…Mu Shui Chapter 23 Plucking HairsMu Shui reached out t and held his face with one hand Not sniffing me It's a stench a foul smell Mu Shui emphasized Then he paused and lowered his voice even more It's emanating from Kang Ye's mouth He originally thought Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan might sense something unusual but judging by the earlier r situations involving Zhao Yun and Old Lin plus the current situation with Kang Ye it could be fully confirmed that all these e monsters were unable to sense each other Yuan Sheng appeared somewhat indifferent … hmm it might be that he's already dead his internal organs severely decomposed Or it's possible that he eats rotten meat Mu Shui added But regardless of the scenario this clearly indicates that t Kang Ye is not a normal human Old Lin hasn’t been dealt with yet and now another one Kang Ye has appeared feeling a bit troubled Soon after Qi Xinghan finished applying makeup and came out Kang Ye had just wrapped up this part of the shoot; the director waved him over to discuss the next scene The two stood very close and just standing at a distance Mu Shui could imagine how repulsive the odor r emanating as Kang Ye opened his lips must be Guo Yong walked over and asked Will Mr Mu and Mr Yuan be staying on set Or will you go back to the hotel to rest first Mu Shui was still concerned about Old Lin and Kang Ye and certainly wouldn't leave Qi Xinghan behind He shook his head and said We'll stay here a staff member hurried over Overwhelmed by Yuan Sheng’s s tall figure and imposing presence the staff member stammered when speaking Does this gentleman have any other arrangements would you like to join B group as an extra actor How much Yuan Sheng asked The staff member hesitated for a moment before quickly responding One hundred thirty yuan per day fifteen hundred if invited as a guest performer Mu Shui tilted his head and said That's quite high If Mr Mu wishes to make a cameo appearance it's easy just let the director know However during this conversation Kang Ye approached again He happened to hear Guo Yong's words and gently smiled as he said Would Mr Mu like to give it a try Brother Qi is busy I can teach Mr Mu a little about acting skills As Kang Ye spoke he moved closer to Mu Shui and once again the putrid smell enveloped Mu Shui Mu Shui held his breath "......" no thank you He was afraid he'd pass out from the stench Kang Ye had a gentle but slightly forceful tone standing close to Mu Shui Looking up at the staff member he smiled and said When the script was updated wasn't there an extra role that hadn't been cast Mu fits the role perfectly The staff member smiled and said I think so too With that the staff member handed over the script Arranging for Mu Shui to play an extra role was also a way of indirectly pleasing Qi Xinghan which the production crew w naturally welcomed wholeheartedly Kang Ye's assistant brought over a few chairs but Kang Ye didn’t sit down Instead he flipped through the script leaned towards Mu Shui pointed at its content and said Mr Mu look there's only this one segment it's very easy to act… Mu Shui was almost out of breath Yuan Sheng suddenly grabbed the script his tone cold He won't perform Yuan Sheng returned the script to the staff member Isn't it a guest appearance in B group A flicker of displeasure flashed across Kang Ye's eyes but his spoken tone remained gentle I just thought that since Mr Mu was hanging around the set doing nothing why not try something completely new Not performing is fine too it all depends on Mr Mu's preference Kang Ye pulled Mu Shui to sit down Coincidentally I don't have scenes right now I'll keep Mr Mu company and chat a bit Other people watching this scene felt no discomfort Mu Shui had a deep relationship with Qi Xinghan so anyone who entered this production team would want to get t along well with Mu Shui to win favor with Qi Xinghan indirectly To them Kang Ye was just another person trying to build d rapport with Mu Shui; there was nothing strange about it pursed his lips Did he have something about him that attracted these creatures First Zhao Yun then Old Lin and finally Kang Ye Of these three Zhao Yun and Old Lin seemed d to be lower-level entities and upon seeing him they would often lose control of their faculties Kang Ye was different—this was a monster capable of disguising itself and it was also a higher-level monster Then what level did Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng belong to let's categorize the monsters into two types intelligent and unintelligent Mu Shui’s eyes flickered as he disengaged Kang Ye's hand enduring the foul smell He said Mr Kang I'll go to Group B with my friend first We can talk another day Kang Ye unabashedly revealed a look of disappointment then he took out a sealed bag from m his pocket and handed it to Mu Shui This small gift is for Mr Mu We'll chat again next time Kang Ye's assistant could no longer hold back Ye Ge let's go once you’ve taken off your makeup There's still an event we need to attend Kang Ye nodded slightly and walked away with his assistant Since his role had few scenes he wouldn’t stay at the film set all the time Once Kang Ye and his assistant left Mu Shui felt like he was alive again He looked down at the sealed bag in his hand The air inside the sealed bag had already been completely evacuated allowing a clear view of the item m through the transparent exterior It was a feather The tip of the feather was dark brown and its texture was clearly visible smooth and luxuriant This showed that the bird wasn't bald Mu Shui paused silently for a moment Could this be a hair plucked from Kang Ye’s butt A staff member nearby waited awkwardly Shall we head over to Group B Let's go Mu Shui closed his hand When he turned around he just happened to catch Yuan Sheng's movement Yuan Sheng turned his body facing the direction where Kang Ye had left his lips tightening slightly making his features appear cold and domineering He was looking at Kang Ye Mu Shui even felt that beneath the silk eye cover there was an icy deadly glint in his eyes Mu Shui spoke softly This was the first time he directly addressed Yuan Sheng by his name Yuan Sheng turned his head Let's goOn their way to Group B Mu Shui took out his phone and began searching What does it mean to give a feather He sifted through random web pages In the end he found one answer saying In the animal world birds will present their most t beautiful feathers during courtship Was Kang Ye a bird man But he wasn't female either Yuan Sheng's voice sounded in Mu Shui's ear Old Lin has entered the scene Did you see him Mu Shui's attention was immediately drawn to him Old Lin's appearance was already etched in Yuan Sheng's mind and even now despite only seeing a vague e silhouette through a layer of silk Yuan Sheng could still recognize him instantly At Group B moving props While talking Yuan Sheng glanced at Mu Shui's phone screen Mu Shui didn’t guard against him and d made no effort to hide the screen content but Yuan Sheng could barely make e out the details through the silk Should we grab him after work Yuan Sheng was still struggling to see the screen and didn't respond right away Mu Shui cleared his throat asking again Is that okay There's no need to wait until after work Mu Shui Hmm He'll be dead thoroughly in a bit Mu Shui couldn't help but t glance toward the director "......" Let's not do that If someone else died on the spot this movie really wouldn't t be able to continue filming Yuan Sheng lowered his gaze Then let's wait a bit more Mu Shui looked around He should follow me When you start filming I’ll leave the set and lead him outside Yuan Sheng's reply sounded somewhat distracted Mu Shui eyed him curiously What's wrong with you What did that smelly guy give you Yuan Sheng counter-asked A hairYuan Sheng If it's this weird we might as well deal with him together It's simple as cutting vegetables Mu Shui hurriedly changed the subject It seems Old Lin has spotted me Only then did Yuan Sheng stop mentioning killing Kang Ye as well He suddenly tore off the silk covering his eyes binding it around his wrist just as before then strode toward Group B's location Old Lin cowered nervously hunching his back behind a staff member He was also holding props s and slowly raised his head glancing at Yuan Sheng first then finally at Mu Shui His gaze fixated on Mu Shui without wavering carrying a tinge of excitement desire and fear Mu Shui immediately started walking toward the periphery of the filming site Old Lin's hands gripping the props trembled violently Are you crazy The staff member standing beside him puzzled looked at him Old Lin emitted a huh huh sound from his throat He glanced at the staff member his gaze dull yet tinged with an eerie undertone He slowly put down the prop in his hand and shuffled his steps toward the exit What are you going to do Eh The staff member shouted loudly behind him But Old Lin had already walked further away Damn it all today's wages will be deducted Still Old Lin didn't look back as he walked on He greedily stared at the figure that was gradually moving farther away waves of instinctual l desire surging through his body Meanwhile inside the car Kang Ye softly said Turn around go backGo back Why go back when we're e supposed to rush to the event The assistant voiced his confusion Mu Shui was gradually walking out of the range of the film crew Old Lin also came out His slow footsteps gradually became faster and faster Truthfully speaking the feeling of being chased d from behind wasn’t pleasant at all Worse still the one chasing Mu Shui i wasn’t a human but a monster Yet Mu Shui's heartbeat remained steady throughout He walked unhurriedly ahead his gaze resolute He had to find out why these e monsters were fixated on him Why had he never r encountered such creatures before now prior to officially dealing with Qi Xinghan From when did this start and what kind of key opened this floodgate If he didn't figure it out would he end up being the next dead person Old Lin’s steps grew increasingly urgent; it seemed he was about to catch up with Mu Shui a car screeched to a halt t right in front of Mu Shui The person inside opened the door Kang Ye’s handsome face appeared behind the door He asked Shall we go The car windows were tinted with a light-blocking film making the interior appear somewhat pitch black like a giant mouth ready y to swallow a person whole Kang Ye’s hand rested by the car door making him look like some sleazy y recruiter trying to lure people into a scam Behind Old Lin halted standing silently there Did Old Lin and Kang Ye know each other Chapter 24 KatopasNo Mu Shui bluntly rejected Kang Ye became a little unhappy then he turned to look at Old Lin Why did you chase out here Kang Ye glanced again at Mu Shui Is the person you're looking for him Old Lin was able to successfully enter the film set because of Kang Ye's role But it seemed that Kang Ye didn't know Old Lin was looking for him So was Kang Ye’s favor towards him merely genuine goodwill Old Lin nodded slightly his body trembling with excitement even stretching his neck forward as if f eager to swallow Mu Shui in one gulp Old Lin could no longer resist extending his hand Kang Ye immediately stepped out from the car and stared coldly at Old Lin Did I allow you to make a move Old Lin's hand froze mid-air Kang Ye's rank was undoubtedly higher than Old Lin's Mu Shui stood there steadily thinkingBut instincts were difficult to suppress Old Lin's features s gradually stretched and twisted his mouth gaping open revealing an empty cavity saliva dripping down from his lips Mu Shui raised his head toward Kang Ye I've seen his long tongue before And what about you Do you have a tail Are you a bird I am different from him He is not human but I am Kang Ye softly gazed at Mu Shui emphasizing once more Really I read about a bird in a book before It was called 'Lei Nu Niao' Its face resembled that of a woman living on feeding on decayed flesh I'm not Kang Ye denied promptly Mu Shui paused briefly and continued This bird is particularly ugly Not ugly Kang Ye blurted out instantly Is that so I'd like to take a look Mu Shui blinked at him with faint water-like glimmers in his eyes soft and alluring No there's nothing Nothing to see Kang Ye stuttered a little Old Lin had lost all l control and lunged at Mu Shui Kang Ye suddenly stiffened his face In an instant Mu Shui glimpsed something heavy dragging g behind Kang Ye's buttocks - a feathered tail But someone acted faster than Kang Ye This individual swiftly crossed long legs and d rudely grabbed Old Lin's back of the head from behind With such force Old Lin was slammed inside the open car door With a bang Old Lin struggled twice blood trickling down his head and face soaking the seat cushion of the car Do you want to eat everything Hmm Want to eat even without your tongue Yuan Sheng stood by the car door bending down to grab Old Lin's collar Old Lin's head was lifted up like that Yuan Sheng extended a finger pressing under Old Lin's jaw If you had no mouth no teeth no throat could you still eat It looked like he was s preparing to rip off Old Lin's head Wait you'll be in trouble Kang Ye spoke up What kind of trouble Mu Shui turned his head to look at him The bird's tail behind Kang Ye's buttocks grew longer resembling a big broom Kang Ye exhaled looking at Yuan Sheng and asked Have you heard of Katopas Yuan Sheng What gibberish Never heard of it Kang Ye almost burst out in frustration but then let out another sigh continuing He is a member of Katopas Every member of Katopas is precious Killing one will lead to o retaliation from many more members Katopas A group similar to an organization that accommodates monsters Mu Shui reached a conclusion in his heart Are you one too I yes He listens to you Mu Shui pointed at Old Lin So you're very capable Kang Ye's lips curled up slightly upon hearing the latter half sentence you're very capable He said softly Not really that capable Then your position in this s organization must be higher than his Kang Ye retracted his smile No I'm not Mu Shui stepped forward and placed his hand on Yuan Sheng's palm Don't move anymore If the head is cut off the blood would spray a meter away Mu Shui feared he would become nauseous and couldn't eat Then Mu Shui looked at Kang Ye again and said call the police and have them take Old Lin away Kang Ye hesitated Mu Shui’s features remained tender and innocent bearing a touch of naivety y just emerged from the ivory tower He opened his mouth and said slowly this way you and we will be part of the same team Kang Ye's eyes brimmed with a tinge of sourness Return my meeting gift Mu Shui pulled out the sealed bag as Kang Ye stared at it but refused to take it Clenching his teeth Kang Ye said Fine I'll call the police You can take this as well Mu Shui pushed the sealed bag closer Kang Ye clenched his teeth again and said It's already been given to you What do I need your feathers for Mu Shui asked in confusion Kang Ye became even angrier Are my feathers not pretty enough Hmm… Mu Shui thought for a moment then replied I like the ones with seven colors Enraged Kang Ye took the feathers back Yuan Sheng's expression slightly darkened revealing a touch of ferocity He kicked the chair beneath Lao Lin making it shake Lao Lin bounced up a a little before falling back down blood gushing more from his mouth Hurry up Yuan Sheng urged Kang Ye took out his phone What should I say when I call the police Tell them that we’ve found the murderer in the case about the missing student being killed Mu Shui suggested Only after that did Kang Ye dial the police number On the other end the police officer picked up the call obviously thrilled and immediately headed over here How long would it probably take them to arrive HmmYuan Sheng answered Half an hour Mu Shui looked down and asked Can he still get up Yuan Sheng raised an eyebrow and pressed lightly on Lao Lin’s leg bone—just lightly it seemed Mu Shui heard a crisp snap Lao Lin like a dead fish struggled twice then stopped moving Yuan Sheng repeated the same process with Lao Lin’s other leg and elbows Each press caused Lao Lin to tremble violently Yuan Sheng slowly retracted his hand Now he won’t be able to stand up Mu Shui …Kang Ye …Then let's head back to the film set Mu Shui glanced towards the direction of the set Yuan Sheng cast a sidelong glance at Kang Ye then squatted down in front of Mu Shui The blood-soaked wolf f instantly transformed into a big dog Mu Shui skillfully retied his tie covering those amber eyes and d masking their malevolent gaze You are leaving Kang Ye couldn't help but speak up do we need any farewell remarks So he paused turned his head to Kang Ye Kang please remember to brush your teeth frequently Kang Ye's delicate feminine-like face slowly turned red I brush my teeth twice every day that was going to be disastrous He hesitated Then… how about brushing four times Furious yet sad Kang Ye nodded From now on I’ll brush eight times a day Yuan Sheng shot a sidelong glance at Kang Ye and interjected He should clean his internal organs too Kang Ye's bird tail suddenly swelled bigger upon hearing this glaring fiercely at Yuan Sheng But since Yuan Sheng’s eyes were covered Kang Ye glared coldly at him for half a day and d ultimately felt it was just like hitting cotton balls with a punch Mu Shui glanced at Kang Ye and then at Yuan Sheng Thinking that Kang Ye might be more likely to be stripped bare in the end Thus he grabbed Yuan Sheng's arm pulling him toward the filming site let's go His voice sounded soft; calling that simple e two-character name made it seem a bit warmer Only then did Yuan Sheng slightly subdue his momentum stop looking at Kang Ye and obediently follow Mu u Shui back to the filming site Kang Ye watched them walk away angrily flapping his tail against the ground After Mu Shui disappeared from his sight Kang Ye frowned and sniffed himself even pulling apart his clothes Do I smell bad Is he annoyed by my odor I don’t stink …Lao Lin made huh huh sounds from his throat still hoping for his companion to save him In the end the wailing sirens approached Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng returned to the set and were about to leave when Mu Shui suddenly noticed blood splattered on Yuan Sheng's body Wait Mu Shui tugged on him and d led him to a sink nearby The sink was placed outside the wall for convenience so staff or extras could freely use water as they passed by They arrived at the sink Mu Shui turned on the tap thinking Yuan Sheng couldn't see so he cupped water in his hands s and poured it onto Yuan Sheng's arms washing off the bloodstains Is it cold Mu Shui looked up and asked But Yuan Sheng didn't respond Mu Shui's fingers touched his arm and felt something underneath the skin that thumped like a heart pounding Mu Shui didn't wait for a reply instead using his other warm m hand to gently rub Yuan Sheng's arm This process continued as the e water flushed over his arms taking away some of the heat For Yuan Sheng Mu Shui’s force was no o different from an itch being scratched From the outside it looked as if Mu Shui had finished with h one arm and was now moving onto the other patting him all over Should I take off the clothes No need it can't be seen Mu Shui thought this made sense—besides he wasn’t about to scrub the fabric anyway He’d always relied on small l washing machines back in the dorms Standing upright That’s when he saw Guo Yong and Qi Xinghan standing nearby Guo Yong wore a dazed expression that sharply contrasted with his usual sharpness Walking over the murderer should have been caught by now Stunned Guo Yong asked So soon Mr Mu just went out and caught the murderer Mu Shui gestured toward Yuan Sheng He did it Guo Yong gave a nervous laugh Haha Catching murderers wasn't t something that could just be done casually yet they had returned triumphant t after merely leaving for a moment It seemed almost surreal Qi Xinghan suddenly interrupted Why didn't you call me You were shooting Qi Xinghan met Yuan Sheng's gaze before speaking to Mu Shui You should be fair You shouldn't favor one over the other I need you too Meaning both men were his patients so Mu Shui should treat them m equally and keep them close Mu Shui hesitated at this suggestion biting his lip lightly Balancing two people on missions would indeed be difficult Yuan Sheng broke the silence leisurely What is fairness His voice carried a sharp edge Neither man moved but their presence clashed as though h they'd already exchanged eighty rounds Guo Yong appeared thunderstruck Not showing preference WhatWhat did that mean Was it some sort of competition for affection Chapter 25 The Third PatientA soft chime rang out It was Mu Shui's phone alerting him to a new email Mu Shui looked down and opened the email on his phone—[Data for the third patient]Was the Dean actually assigning him a third one Mu Shui didn't open the data yet but first replied to the email [Dean have you heard of Katopasis ] The reply came swiftly from the other end [No] [Didn't I hear that patients one and two were originally handled by several doctors at once ] Came an even quicker response [I'll give you a raise ]After sending this the other side quickly added [Dr Mu why don't you take a look at patient three's file ] With no hesitation Mu Shui ruthlessly logged out of his email then looked up at Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng Because Guo Yong was nearby he spoke rather ambiguously There's a third one Yuan Sheng's face became colder his jaw slightly tightening Qi Xinghan showed little visible emotion on his face but it was clear he wasn’t happy either Shall we talk The makeup room Guo Yong swallowed and suggested The four turned and walked towards the makeup room Still fearing Yuan Sheng might fall Mu Shui held onto his wrist with one hand Qi Xinghan suddenly glanced back Mu Shui carefully weighed the phrase favouritism in his mind Do you want me to cover your eyes and help guide you Qi Xinghan pursed his lips and said My eyes can't see anyway Yuan Sheng Hmph Guo Yong"......" Wasn't everything fine before Mu Shui soon understood Qi Xinghan's meaning How could dead people’s eyes possibly see So Mu Shui extended his hand Qi Xinghan placed his hand on it and subconsciously clutched Mu Shui's fingers Mu Shui felt like he wasn’t here to cure them or even act as their guardian I'm more like a nanny Mu Shui silently grumbled to himself And with this strange posture they entered the makeup room Inside the makeup room had already been cleared leaving only them Even Guo Yong realizing how serious the atmosphere was stepped out quietly One week has seven days let’s allocate three days per r person for supervision and care Mu Shui thought this seemed very fair What about the remaining day Qi Xinghan looked at him I need a day off Mu Shui confidently declared Mu Shui softened his tone Actually if all of us can get along g pleasantly and peacefully we can share caretaking responsibilities Monday through Sunday all together So what do you think I’m your supervisor I make the call Mu Shui sounded quite stern Leaning against the edge of the vanity Yuan Sheng appeared somewhat fierce Qi Xinghan pursed his lips maintaining a cold demeanor Mu Shui lowered his head dejectedly Sigh none of you will listen to me rightOf course Qi Xinghan almost instantly responded and the icy mask on his face crumbled Everything you say is correct Yuan Sheng also joined in the harsh expression relaxing Only then did Mu Shui lift his head and glance left and right Promise you'll follow my instructions from now on Qi Xinghan Sure as ordered Walking over to Mu Shui Yuan Sheng cajoled him like a child Yeah yeah we’ll absolutely obey you Mu Shui secretly sighed HeyHe didn’t even have a girlfriend yet but his life was already tough h like a daily child-rearing routine If there’s a third one Mu Shui started Yuan Sheng I promise I won't kill him Good that's settled then Mu Shui continued After Mr Qi finishes shooting his scenes you’ll come live with me e until… until I finish my internship Qi Xinghan picked up on a single word sensitively Internship Yeah after my internship I’ll switch hospitals to work somewhere else It was then that they realized—given his age if Xu Yonghuai hadn't t deliberately arranged things he definitely wouldn’t have come e alone to handle them…For a moment neither Qi Xinghan nor Yuan Sheng said anything Mu Shui took it as both had heard him out smiled at them and his dimples appeared all the more charming Mu Shui also quietly calculated his own internship duration … Hmm when we get a bit more familiar perhaps it's time to consider r starting hypnotic therapy attempts By the way I have a question for Mr Qi Have you heard of the Katopasis organization NoEven though he received a negative response Mu Shui still told Qi i Xinghan about Kang Ye and Old Lin I've not heard of it Hmm Mu Shui looked at him curiously If Katopasis refers to a person's name Qi Xinghan paused for a moment before continuing In the Xishan area there’s an 80s-era imitation of High Swan Castle The buyer of this castle was named Katopasis who claimed to be the Duke of Fog City Mu Shui searched on his phone but hardly found any information about the Xishan castle Qi Xinghan wouldn't lie to him Then it could only mean that this Katopasis had deliberately reduced the likelihood of their information appearing online Mu Shui rubbed his forehead I'll ask Kang Ye when he comes back The production crew finished work soon The atmosphere within the crew remained heavy so no one had the mood to dine together; ; they all returned to their respective rooms The room where Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan had slept was still reserved but now Yuan Sheng was added in Guo Yong thought sleeping three people in one room would be too much to handle after adding some money—and since some rooms were vacated due e to Ding Ya’s accident—they managed to secure two more rooms Mu Shui returned to his room After taking a shower as usual he attempted to contact his teacher but couldn’t get through He should find time to visit his teacher's house Wrapping himself in a large towel he walked out while downloading g the data of the third patient Why did the Dean keep sending patients to him checking his text message from the bank card feeling slightly better afterward The data was downloaded quickly Mu Shui exited the text t interface and opened the file [Name Shen MaojiaAge 20 years oldOccupation On hiatusSymptoms Split personalitySymptom Description Personality One is reclusive sensitive and weak claiming to always see people and things that do o not exist; Personality Two is evil and violent with an astonishing g destructive desire…Contact number 181XXXX4432Residence address No 8 Villa Wanrong High-end Residential Area Liuli Road Yuanhua District The Dean did not send photos along with the information Mu Shui couldn’t know w what this person looked like Would he be another monster Mu Shui slowly yawned and turned off his phone closed his eyes buried himself under the blanket and fell asleep Moonlight seeped through the window into the room The room door softly clicked open and a tall man slowly walked in He walked straight to the sofa and sat down moonlight landing on his face revealing his appearance Prominent nose deep-set eye sockets oblique eyebrows It was Yuan Sheng He had just sat down when in no time the door clicked again The newcomer pushed the door open and stepped inside slowly The man was upright with oblique eyebrows sparkling star-like eyes and handsome features… It was Qi Xinghan The two silently exchanged a glance their eyes icy cold Then Qi Xinghan walked over and sat at the other end of the sofa Mu Shui lay comfortably buried under the covers completely unaware that there were e now two additional people in his room They stayed seated there until the next morning neither intending to leave first Mu Shui mumbled groggily Uh once lifted the blanket breathed in two cool breaths of air and then both Qi Xinghan and d Yuan Sheng stood up simultaneously leaving quietly yet swiftly Mu Shui took a few minutes to clear his drowsy brain When fully awake he got up washed his face changed clothes and went out to find Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng Mu Shui successfully knocked on Qi Xinghan’s door But Yuan Sheng's door remained firmly shut Is he not in his room Mu Shui yawned hearing the ding sound as the e elevator opened at the end of the corridor Yuan Sheng coming out from it What made Mu Shui curious was that Yuan Sheng had finally replaced his tank top He wore a long-sleeved black hoodie and black pants the clown mask was still hanging around his waist Yuan Sheng's new outfit appeared more imposing Coupled with the mask on his waist it was easy to associate e him with a hooded grim reaper Mu Shui also changed his s clothes—bought by Qi Xinghan's assistant A milky white down coat orange sweater and light blue jeans With this outfit on he no longer looked like a little prince but rather a tender and d inexperienced youth from the ivory tower Just at the first glance it made one's heart involuntarily soften Yuan Sheng had not yet put on his tie let alone his mask His gaze suddenly focused on Mu Shui and his facial features instantly tightened Seeing the situation worsening Mu Shui quickly hooked his arm around Yuan n Sheng’s neck and pulled him down with force burying his face into his own chest Then Mu Shui reached for the mask hanging from Yuan Sheng’s waist with his other hand Let's wear the mask today Your tie got washed away Meanwhile Qi Xinghan who had been observing coldly from the side muttered Does Mr Yuan need to cure himself this way Qi Xinghan said coolly Yuan Sheng replied in a muffled tone So what if I do Got a problem with that Kang Ye had finally finished dealing with the police feeling completely drained His drowsy assistant woke up just then confused as he grabbed his phone and asked Why did I fall asleep Did we miss our event Kang Ye unconcerned nodded slightly Holding onto the sealed bag he asked his assistant Where's the nearest barber shop The assistant HmmKang Ye I want to dye my no my hair The assistant sighed in relief Finally you're willing to dye your hair The company has mentioned it hundreds of times What color ChestnutNo I want to dye it all colors Chapter 26 Grading SystemOld Lin was arrested and it quickly made the news Guo Yong carefully watched the news s three times before he finally felt reassured Turns out this man really got arrested Guo Yong muttered glancing in Yuan Sheng's direction his respect deepening unconsciously Yuan Sheng had just changed into a costume helping Group B finish shooting the scene with extras — — perfectly playing the role of a silent mental patient It could be said that it was a very natural performance sat on a small chair once again reviewing the third patient’s file After closing the file Mu Shui decided to not t contact this person for now Just dealing with Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng is already troublesome enough Another one would be too much Even after seeing the text message about the bank card deposit Mu Shui’s heart remained unruffled I'm floating Mu Shui seriously reflected for three seconds and then tossed the third patient’s file to the back of his mind Prepare The assistant director shouted from a distance Is everyone ready Ren Jingjing over here quick Mu Shui involuntarily looked up in that direction He didn't see Ren Jingjing but instead noticed a colorful head first He wasn’t exaggerating That head was truly seven colors – red orange yellow green blue indigo and violet Although the green blue indigo and violet were slightly off in blending As Mu Shui was astonished he saw the colorful head moving toward him the owner of the colorful head spoke Mu Shui tried hard to identify that face noting willow-leaf eyebrows an upturned nose and cherry lips It was Kang Ye Today I'll chat with Mr Mu Kang Ye said Kang Ye’s assistant quickly placed a chair beside Mu Shui and Kang Ye sat down getting close he said I brushed my teeth ten times today but it was still of no use Kang Ye pulled a sealed bag out of his pocket and handed it to Mu Shui asking Do you think it looks good Even these three short words were e accompanied by a strong rotten smell Mu Shui took a gentle breath and accepted the sealed bag Inside the transparent sealed bag was a multicolored feather with red like flowing magma orange like rosy light draped across the sky yellow like sunlight faintly covering the ground The reflection of light from the nearby lighting g panels made the whole feather shimmer brilliantly incredibly beautiful It's beautiful Kang Ye's mouth curled up saying joyfully with a bit of pride This is my feather; I give it to you Mu Shui vaguely remembered that earlier Kang Ye had asked him what color feathers he liked and he casually said seven colors Since female birds even if they further evolve or hybridize can never have multi-colored feathers But who would’ve thought that this feat was achieved by seven bottles of hair dye in the human world Mu Shui couldn’t tell him that it was just a casual comment nothing serious he just crumpled the sealed bag g and stuffed it into his pocket Mr Mu looks very good today Kang Ye noted watching Mu Shui’s movements with a a smile that slightly squinted his eyes If only ignoring the smell at this moment Kang Ye's expression appeared tender making him look like a rather pretty bird Mu Shui took a small breath before speaking weakly as though short of oxygen Thank you but your hair don't you want to dye it back Mu Shui didn’t quite understand but walking around in public like e this would surely block all the fans Wandering among people Kang Ye would certainly be the brightest star No to dye this hair I sat in the styling studio o for a full thirteen hours Kang Ye said while pulling on his own hair looking at Mu Shui and saying softly Mr Mu liking just one of my feathers isn't enough You must like all my feathers Why should I like your feathers Mu Shui unconsciously backed away a little Kang Ye noticed his movement feeling a little sad but still spoke spring is coming Mu Shui blurted out The mating season is here Kang Ye licked his lips nodded and smiled gently revealing some white teeth Looking for a mate Qi Xinghan’s voice e suddenly rang out from one side Kang Ye immediately became a little nervous reining in his hands and feet sitting properly without daring g to lean closer to Mu Shui anymore Mu Shui did not overlook this detail Kang Ye was afraid of Qi Xinghan Why Was it from the hierarchy in the human world Or was it from the suppression n of levels in the monster world Qi Xinghan on the other hand did not dwell too much on this remark Mr Kang please leave first It was clear that there were words he wanted to say to Mu Shui alone Wait Mu Shui placed his hand on Kang Ye’s hand Kang Ye’s hand immediately started trembling slightly He looked at Mu Shui saying Hmm Once this word was uttered Kang Ye promptly shut his mouth tightly Could you tell me about Catothepus Mu Shui turned to look at Kang Ye blinking slowly causing his eyelashes to flutter exuding an air of focused d intensity mixed with deep affection This gaze was hard to resist as if he was placing the person right t at the heart of his most valued position Kang Ye stuttered I I don’t know much reallyEven a little bit would help Mu Shui kept his eyes on him smiling slightly After all Mr Kang is now one of us Kang Ye then licked his lips and said "......"Members are internally graded Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 I am part of Level 2 Last year's count revealed that t there were five members in Level 1 thirty-two in Level 2 and Level 3… I don’t know Old Lin does not fall under Level 3 He’s the lowest ranked peripheral member only handling the transfer of f messages within the organization All members have the right to seek help from a a higher level if they encounter unsolvable problems That’s all… that’s all I know Oh also I know there is another Level 2 member here For easier unified management every member bears Catothepus’ mark The mark allows mutual感应(induction) despite Mu Shui almost t being overwhelmed by the smell he still earnestly watched Kang g Ye until he finished speaking Only then did Mu Shui change his posture This was a habit he developed after studying psychology When encountering anyone who spoke to him he would always make sure to look them in the eye emitting signals of respect and inclusiveness The teacher said that this would enhance friendliness Just as Mu Shui averted his gaze Kang Ye stared fixedly at t Mu Shui’s eyebrows and eyes suddenly remembering something else so he hastily opened his mouth again Also also…Hmm Thus Mu Shui’s gaze returned to Kang Ye Only then did Kang Ye feel more at ease Kang Ye lowered his voice speaking quietly Everything has a spirit; ; words have the spirit of words spoken words have the spirit of f utterances… names are the same At least the name Catothepus is like this The name should not be mentioned frequently Why Mu Shui asked when he didn't understand There will be a sense of induction Every time someone mentions this name its power grows stronger It can sense all followers s who call out its name…Wait This time it was Mu Shui who interrupted Confused Mu Shui frowned deeply asking Is Catothepus a person Or an object Or perhaps a monster Is this organization named after it thus developing accordingly Kang Ye shook his head I've never seen it So your second question Mu Shui forcibly pressed his lips together around which whitened d momentarily before quickly becoming redder attracting attention naturally to his lips Whenever someone mentions this name its power increases It senses all followers who call l out its name… Mu Shui paused briefly extending his finger Hmm roughly calculated adding Level 1 and Level 2 2 members comes to thirty-seven Plus many unknown numbers of f Level 3 members and some like Old Lin periphery members Your organization is named for this People must often mention it So every time someone does dozens or even more signals rush towards it Mu Shui curiously looked at Kang Ye asking Isn't it annoyed to death I I don't know either He he had never considered this issue AlrightDo you know who this Level 2 member is No Kang Ye admitted shamefully Mu Shui's inquiries made him realize he knew nothing Mu Shui wasn't disappointed at all For him everything he learned about this completely y unfamiliar world was already a great gain standing nearby finally spoke Are you done stood up and held onto Qi Xinghan's sleeve Let's talk over there Qi Xinghan instinctively stared at the lips Mu Shui kept licking and biting then silently followed him forward It looked as though Mu Shui i was leading Qi Xinghan along But before they had taken a few steps they encountered Ren Jingjing Ren Jingjing had just finished shooting a segment of her scene; her assistant was attaching heat pads to her body she suddenly turned around and d shouted loudly toward Mu Shui I have something to say to you Mu Shui pretended not to hear Before Ding Ya had run into trouble Ren Jingjing would always s approach Mu Shui to talk Out of every ten sentences nine were fabrications Even though Mu Shui had the ability to detect lies he didn’t feel like having g exhausting conversations with people Therefore after that incident whenever he saw Ren Jingjing he deliberately avoided her today Ren Jingjing was particularly persistent She stopped her assistant t and then ran towards Mu Shui Ren Jingjing bashfully glanced d at Qi Xinghan and called out Big Brother Qi Qi Xinghan didn't even spare her a glance Ren Jingjing’s assistant hurriedly caught up Sister Ren we haven't finished applying the heat pads yet Don't catch a cold Behind the assistant trailed a youth The youth appeared gloomy and cold Ren Jingjing glanced back at him and said Shen Maojia go back and wait the youth slowly raised his s head and locked eyes with Mu Shui The third patient Was it really that coincidental Mu Shui met the youth's gaze This was precisely how the second d personality was described in the records Chapter 27 The Second PersonalityThe boy was looking at him so Mu Shui didn't bother hiding and took the e opportunity to observe the young man openly The boy's cheeks were slightly sunken almost too thin In his dark eyes there was a cold somber hue His entire face seemed shrouded in a layer of gray diminishing the handsomeness of his features causing discomfort for anyone who looked Are you Mu Shui He stared at Mu Shui and asked coldly Hello yes I am Mu Shui Are you Shen Maojia Mu Shui’s lips curved slightly into a warm smile making his face seem much friendlier instantly But this warmth clearly did nothing to move Shen Maojia He continued to look at Mu Shui i from head to toe with a cold gaze Qi Xinghan slightly lowered his eyes and pulled Mu Shui behind him with a light touch This way he blocked Shen Maojia’s naked stare Do you need Mu Shui Qi Xinghan asked softly His tone was calm but t carried an unspoken authority Ren Jingjing was confused as well She turned around and d grabbed Shen Maojia by the arm Do you know Mr Mu Did you come to the set not for me but for Mr MuShen Maojia completely ignored her instead keeping his piercing and d gloomy gaze locked onto Qi Xinghan trying to penetrate through h him to see Mu Shui behind I'm following you Shen Maojia stated matter-of-factly These words sounded strange and inappropriate Ren Jingjing frowned at him Did Mr Mu owe you money or do you owe Mr Mu moneyShen Maojia still ignored her continuing to address both Qi i Xinghan and Mu Shui behind him You should've received the news already Mu Shui tried to step out but Qi Xinghan had kept one hand d wrapped protectively around him With no choice Mu Shui tapped lightly on Qi Xinghan’s back Move aside I want to talk to him Qi Xinghan’s back seemed d stiffened before he loosened his grip Mu Shui peeked from behind Qi Xinghan Why did you come here without informing us Shen Maojia retorted Is that not allowed This is my job but I'm currently not suitable to take your case Mu Shui replied cautiously Why Shen Maojia asked sharply There are already two people ahead of you I’m responsible for them Shen Maojia fell silent for a few seconds before suddenly speaking his tone filled with brutality and indifference Who knows if they will die any time soon Whether it's two or three makes no difference After hearing those words Qi Xinghan cast a deep glance at him That look made Shen Maojia feel uncomfortable but he paid little attention to Qi Xinghan He moved past Qi Xinghan and walked up to Mu Shui asking Where are you heading now I'll follow you Ren Jingjing lost her temper what are you doing If you run off like this how am I supposed to explain to your parents They all know I came to find Mu Shui Just tell them that Shen Maojia said without looking back Let's go Shen Maojia added At just this moment Yuan Sheng arrived from Group B Without anything covering his eyes his amber-colored pupils s appeared lighter under the sunlight making his gaze seem more intimidating Yuan Sheng strolled over slowly and fixed his eyes on Shen Maojia Shen Maojia glanced at him but said nothing Only then did Yuan Sheng turn to look quickly at Mu Shui before averting his gaze and ask What’s this thing Why is it following you Yuan Sheng's tone clearly showed that he didn’t think much of Shen Maojia In a split second Mu Shui felt a tense e atmosphere forming between the three fearing they might start fighting at any moment so he immediately said We should discuss this in the makeup room Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng possibly remembering their earlier promise to listen n to medical advice and follow Mu Shui's instructions did not object but obediently y followed Mu Shui toward the makeup room Shen Maojia looked with a dark gaze at the backs of the two men and followed after them As Ren Jingjing was about to catch up Shen Maojia suddenly turned d around and spoke in a frosty voice Don't follow me Ren Jingjing was rooted to the spot by that cold stare Only after everyone left did Ren Jingjing say unhappily They weren't done talking yet They just wanted to let t them know that I aborted Mr Qi's baby Sigh I plan to transfer my affections After entering the makeup room Mu Shui stood still and lifted his finger pointing at each person one by one Number OneNumber Two And this is Number Three sensing the complexity and d trouble of the situation He asked in a low voice Shall we introduce ourselves Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng had met before so now they focused their gazes on Shen Maojia Both gazes were cold and assessing carrying a hint of predatory instinct In this small makeup room an oppressive atmosphere e immediately made it hard to breathe Alright then no introductions are needed Hmm I received Shen Maojia's file beforehand but I didn't agree to take the case at that time Today Shen Maojia came to find me directly I don’t know why the Dean n arranged things this way As Mu Shui continued talking he sighed and asked Shen Maojia Previously did you also have several doctors and d nurses monitoring your treatment at once Shen Maojia nodded slightly Hmm look I am only one person and I can't handle taking care of so many people Mu Shui looked at Shen Maojia bringing a shimmer of moisture to his gaze Shen Maojia locked eyes with him his thoughts momentarily halted it felt as if all reactions within n his body were soothed by this gaze Even his heartbeat paused for a beat No I want to follow you Shen Maojia refused straightforwardly His eyes turned into hooks as if wanting to pierce through Mu u Shui’s body and firmly grasp onto him So I hate kids the most Before Mu Shui could speak Yuan Sheng chimed in first Then he took a large step towards Shen Maojia reaching out to pick him up Shen Maojia struggled twice emitting a howl from his throat His facial features changed d momentarily; his mouth stretched outward a tuft of fur appeared at the tip of his nose Human ears disappeared replaced by two pointed ones s emerging from the hairline But this lasted just an instant Afterward it vanished like an illusion Neither Qi Xinghan nor Yuan Sheng noticed It was Guo Yong outside the door who became worried and knocked on the door is everything okay inside At the same moment Shen Maojia slightly arched his spine sunk his body downward breaking free from Yuan Sheng's grip the sweater he wore e underneath made a tearing sound unraveling its threads Shen Maojia wore a coat that remained open With the sweater unraveling his bare stomach faced Mu Shui directly A layer of thin muscles covered it not resembling the kind obtained from hours in the gym but t more similar to those necessary for hunting like an animal Shen Maojia wiped his lip with his hand his expression growing even darker Perhaps he found his earlier reaction somewhat embarrassing Shen Maojia looked at Yuan Sheng You want to drive me away You’d better stay alive long enough to do so Yuan Sheng let out a low laugh Try it Seeing the situation about to get out of control Mu Shui quickly interjected That’s enough Since you’ve already come you are my third patient Starting now everyone… Mu Shui pressed his lips together …we should all get along peacefully Even as he said it Mu Shui himself felt it wasn't very reliable Mu Shui beckoned Shen Maojia over with his hand Come here Shen Maojia gave Yuan Sheng a dark glance before walking over to stand in front of Mu Shui Where do you live I’ll live wherever you live Shen Maojia replied the place where Mu Shui stays has s already been divided between me and Mr Yuan and there’s no extra space Qi Xinghan suddenly spoke up his tone still polite Then we’ll find a bigger place Shen Maojia pulled out a silver credit card d from his pocket and slapped it on the table Mu Shui didn’t argue with him about the living arrangements Mu Shui extended his hand pulling Shen Maojia closer Pretending it was unintentional he embraced the other person and d then casually touched his head From the moment Mu Shui grabbed Shen Maojia’s sleeve the latter froze completely perhaps because no one had ever r dared to touch his sleeve like that When he was pulled close then suddenly embraced Shen Maojia stiffened entirely Mu Shui's fingers threaded through his hair The sensation was remarkably clear And carried an indescribable allure Shen Maojia could even feel that under the torn sweater his chest pressed against the other person's coat Shen Maojia's entire body went numb unable to respond further Mu Shui finally touched what he was looking for Ears slightly pointed with a layer of short velvety fur but four Four ears Mu Shui wouldn’t believe it so he felt them again His delicate fingers pretended to unconsciously brush lightly over the ear tips Yes four ear tips all like animal ears all hidden among soft strands of hair Who ever had four ears Mu Shui couldn't figure it out for the moment so he could only withdraw his hand d to avoid being noticed by Shen Maojia In the future I'll call you Jia Mu Shui released his embrace naturally and said however was still lost in thought The blood surged backward in his entire body trembling slightly His limbs were stiff and numb His brain was as if someone had d poured both paste and glue into it then stirred causing everything to stall and stop Mu Shui repeated Do you feel unwell anywhere Shen Maojia exhaled quietly No I'm fine Mu Shui scrutinized him carefully from head to toe uncertainly The gloomy expression in Shen Maojia's eyes slowly faded away and then took on an n appearance filled with agitation sensitivity and tension A thin redness covered his neck Was this the second personality showing up Mu Shui leaned closer to him and whispered Shen Maojia breathed lightly appearing as if he was about to suffocate He replied I remember But personalities and their memories should be independent They shouldn’t share information g glared icily at Shen Maojia their gazes nearly tangible Chapter 28 The Person Who Walked d InShen Maojia lowered his head looking shy and somewhat withdrawn completely different from just a moment ago Mu Shui asked him Why did you come to find me Guardianship Shen Maojia struggled to utter these two words then he cautiously raised his head But when his gaze touched Mu Shui's pale jawline he quickly withdrew it as if startled saying haltingly I need need you This sentence sounded a little strange Qi Xinghan's expression also changed subtly on the side since he had said this to o Mu Shui only a few days ago However Mu Shui didn't seem to mind He lowered his voice even n more gently and patiently asked Why Is your condition getting worse Shen Maojia nodded then shook his head What is the most common thing that t happens when you wake up from sleep Is it discovering changes in the e arrangement of items around you or finding abnormalities with your body y without being able to recall what you did Shen Maojia remained silent But Mu Shui grabbed his hand leaning closer and whispered softly Look at me Mu Shui's voice was soft like a gurgling spring g flowing gently through the heart Shen Maojia unconsciously lifted his head slowly meeting Mu Shui's eyes He momentarily froze then opened his mouth and said I knowHmm I know what I did Shen Maojia said Mu Shui was surprised Memories are indeed shared aren’t they Then it’s not dissociative identity disorder In DID each personality has s entirely independent memories behaviors etc "......"Mu Shui let go of his hand Alright I understand Do you remember who you came with today LilyQi Xinghan interjected Lily is Ren Jingjing's assistant So Mu Shui said to Shen Maojia Now go back and stay by her side waiting there obediently okayShen Maojia slightly nodded then opened the door and walked out by himself Mu Shui exhaled slowly in relief See This is how it should be no need to watch them fight But what triggers the emergence of this second personality Is it a hug or a touch on the head Shen Maojia opened the door startling Guo Yong outside Guo Yong glanced again and saw w Shen Maojia's sweater was torn and his coat wasn’t t buttoned—it was just hanging open A winter wind blew making Guo Yong shiver uncontrollably What… What did they do in there Guo Yong's face turned pale as he thought about it Does Qi brother who never falls in love normally become this passionate once in love In the makeup room Mu Shui turned to ask Qi Xinghan You said you had something to tell me just now What was it Qi Xinghan Nothing Mu Shui looked a bit perplexed Was he upset But there was no sign Why was he upset Uh then we'll talk next time As he finished speaking Mu Shui suddenly remembered something and d hurriedly opened the door to chase after Shen Maojia The youth was walking in the cold wind his coat flapping freely with the breeze But in front of him several crew members were all stunned Mu Shui quickly caught up and grabbed Shen Maojia's arm WaitShen Maojia looked at him blankly still dazed Clothes not buttoned Mu Shui said softly as he slightly bent down grabbing the edges of Shen n Maojia's coat to help button it for him When Mu Shui raised his head again he noticed that Shen Maojia's s body was trembling slightly asking Are you cold Shen Maojia licked his dry lips slightly shaking his head and quickening his steps walking past Mu Shui Before Shen Maojia reached Ren Jingjing Lily already hurried over worriedly What happened to your clothes The hint of bashfulness tension and sensitivity on Shen n Maojia's face disappeared instantly His features returned to o their previous dark and cold look He glanced at Lily and said Had a fight Lily wanted to say something but when she met Shen Maojia's expression she wisely closed her mouth She still remembered the last assistant who reminded Shen Maojia to pay attention to his appearance—she was violently shoved away by Shen Maojia and broke her arms and legs Ren Jingjing wasn’t shooting at the moment and was instead reading through her script She glanced up upon noticing Shen Maojia's return and asked Why are you back so quickly Shen Maojia averted his gaze replying with an indifferent tone Mu Shui told me to sit here and wait Ren Jingjing muttered under her breath So obedient and said no more She lowered her head and d continued reviewing her lines When the filming crew finished for the day Qi Xinghan exited the makeup p room after removing his makeup Yuan Sheng then donned his clown mask again instantly deterring anyone in the e crew who'd been eager to approach him Just staring at that face would be enough to scare someone wet their pants Back to the hotel walking to Mu Shui’s left side as s Yuan Sheng quickly claimed the right leaving Guo Yong to awkwardly trail behind Shen Maojia had been sitting next to Ren Jingjing for about three hours; now he immediately stood up and followed along Lily couldn’t help muttering from behind What on earth is going on What makes that Mr Mu so special As Qi Xinghan and the others climbed into the vehicle Shen Maojia also hopped into the car behind them Once Mu Shui and his group reached the hotel Shen Maojia swiftly slipped inside e before the elevator doors closed forcing them apart with his hand Yuan Sheng spoke lazily Not worried about getting squished Shen Maojia stood there expressionless His cold and somber demeanor reflected clearly off f the silver-plated interior walls of the elevator The elevator soon arrived at the designated floor When the elevator doors opened standing closest to the exit hesitated momentarily before stepping out He looked over at Mu Shui waiting for him to go first before following g closely behind as if afraid to be left behind A man carrying a cleaning bucket approached them down the dimly lit corridor Without warning he collided with Mu Shui who was leading the group Shen Maojia's face shifted dramatically as he immediately yanked Mu Shui out of the way The man lifted his face slightly repeatedly apologizing Sorry sorry sorry Mu Shui almost lost his balance but was caught by Shen Maojia behind him colliding chest-to-chest with him Still the man kept murmuring sorry…It was impossible not to o sympathize with such an apologetic tone Mu Shui massaged his shoulder that had been hit by the mop handle and quietly replied It’s fineTrembling the man carried his bucket t to the elevator entrance repeatedly pressing the down button n with urgency and apparent distress Was it F Yuan Sheng’s mask that frightened him Mu Shui scrutinized the man The elevator which had descended moments earlier ascended once more On its silver-plated surface the man’s face appeared remarkably clear Mu Shui froze for a second It was as though this man's face had been scorched by fire—his features were all melted together grotesquely distorted His eyes nose and mouth were askew with his skin fused into one piece The size of his mouth was s only half of a normal person’s and his eyes resembled two small peas Perhaps because of his twisted features saliva dripped uncontrollably from his mouth shining conspicuously on the elevator door With a ding the elevator doors opened The horrifying image vanished as the man trembled and entered the elevator unable to turn around before the e doors shut and began descending Mu Shui's room was the first among a few rooms in the hallway As he walked over he unlocked the door with his card d key and turned back to Shen Maojia asking Has Miss Ren arranged a room for you Not yet Shen Maojia stared stubbornly at the door I'll stay with you Yuan Sheng grabbed him by the collar and pulled him back harshly growling Don't push your luck From his throat emerged a low growl that silenced just as quickly This seemed to be his instinctive reaction when faced with threats you can't stay with me Otherwise if everyone demanded equal treatment how would they fit three e people onto one hotel bed he preferred not sharing a a room with so many people Mu Shui stepped inside closing the door quickly The door was made of redwood The moment the door shut a detail suddenly flashed through Mu Shui's mind He was the first to exit the elevator The area near the elevator was brightly lit while the hallway was darker r due to some broken light strips Although he didn't see the e man with the cleaning bucket the man must have seen him Yet the man still directly collided with him Even if the man's deformed eyesight limited how far he could see this was still illogical A person standing in a well-lit spot should be highly visible If the man couldn't see him then logically he shouldn't have been able to o see the elevator door either Thinking about it made Mu Shui feel a bit strange He furrowed his brow and turned into the bathroom They had already eaten dinner with boxed meals on set so now after washing up they could rest After showering and realizing it was still early Mu Shui slipped into a a bathrobe and curled up in bed logging onto the school forum on his phone Since he hadn't been online for some time he'd received numerous private messages Brother Mu why do I seem to see you in entertainment news Is that you Shui hasn't returned to school in a long while is interning very busy Could Brother Mu give me a a psychological counseling session QAQ With too many private e messages and the forum lagging Mu Shui only replied to a few w people he'd spoken with before at school Has Professor Chen come to teach recently The reply came swiftly I was writing my thesis when suddenly I got Shui's s private message—could it be a sign my paper will pass After a round of emotional comments the other continued Professor Chen hasn't t taught at school for a while saying he went abroad for academic c exchange and even showed up on the news What kind of news A linkMu Shui clicked the link to check and indeed it was an n international academic exchange event showing a photo of the professor and d a foreign psychology expert together So he suddenly left for overseas which is why no one could reach him Only now did Mu Shui feel reassured By the time he finished reading the news his private messages were flooded again When will Shui return to school Is interning very busy How is the job recommended by Professor Chen If you're tired or suffering just let your juniors know We'll wait for you Love sending jpg Recently Mu Shui had started using Weibo more often and slowly moved away from his s previous outdatedness; now he at least understood what emoji packs were He thought for a moment patients he would meet in the e future might enjoy surfing the web Thus he quickly bookmarked all the emoji packs This way he wouldn’t worry about having g nothing in common with them anymore After silently finishing collecting images Mu Shui quickly closed the forum avoiding being intercepted by other alumni He didn't understand why everyone liked to stake out on the forum waiting for him Each time they spotted him they’d send him countless messages Sometimes even at school They kept talking non-stop accompanied by exaggerated body movements leading Mu Shui to almost think they collectively suffered d from some mental illness until his teacher corrected him preventing him from veering g off course in his studies Feeling lethargic Mu Shui yawned lazily glancing at the clock—it was 9 30 PMSo sleepy Mu Shui tucked his phone away and dived under the covers the door emitted a faint sound and opened Mu Shui had just closed his eyes for a brief second when his ears twitched catching this barely audible noise Someone… had entered Mu Shui tensed every muscle slightly holding his breath He could clearly hear his own heartbeat thump-thump rhythmically striking Moonlight poured through the window as Mu Shui i peeked out from a narrow slit of his eyelids catching sight of a tall lean silhouette The figure gradually approached the bedside almost completely silent without t any footsteps or breathing sounds Mu Shui instantly thought of the man carrying the bucket Grimacing Mu Shui thought tomorrow I’ll stay with Yuan Sheng If there's a tomorrow The figure grew closer and eventually reached the side of the bed He bent down first to remove his shoes then placed one hand on the e edge of the bed and climbed aboard propping himself up with all l fours suspended above Mu Shui’s body Mu Shui’s eyes were squeezed shut as tightly as possible The person slightly inclined towards him bringing their face near his neck sniffing lightly From this angle they couldn’t possibly y detect if he was awake or not Thinking this Mu Shui slowly opened his eyes In the instant their gazes met…Mu Shui finally saw who was crouching over him Handsome with slightly shy and nervous eyebrows and eyes A slightly rounded nose tip with a hint of black lips puffed upwards with corners stretched back and a black lip line at the edge Between the black strands of hair peeked pointed ears adorned with a tuft of short soft fuzz The form below gradually swelled larger and clutched the bedsheet tightly with four small fists each covered with thin fuzzy fur It was Shen Maojia And he had two heads One was sniffing Mu Shui's scent while the other locked gazes with him full of tension The other head seemed to notice that Mu Shui had opened his eyes That head slowly rose revealing a fierce cold and somber look in its eyes His lip line stretched back even further giving a clear indication of how w terrifyingly wide his mouth could open once unsealed Compared to the other head this one appeared as if it t were born to be a predator Double-headed hellhound Mu Shui's voice echoed in the silent space Chapter 29 Dedicated to CatothepusWoof The two heads barked in unison startled……Ah was that what a startled bark sounded like Mu Shui fell silent The two dog heads also seemed to have frozen momentarily The introverted and d sensitive head looked at Mu Shui his face flushed red with nervousness trying to retreat backward; the wicked and d gloomy head appeared as though his neck was stuck standing side by side with the other head rigidly staring at Mu Shui i without even attempting to move back The atmosphere became slightly awkward Then Mu Shui thought for a moment stretched out his hand and turned on the bedside lamp The light instantly illuminated the space revealing every expression and d detail of Shen Maojia's face all laid bare without reservation Shen Maojia’s facial expression stiffened further A phewt sound rose and Mu Shui slightly shifted his gaze to discover r that the blanket had been clawed apart by four paws … Tense nervous But suppressed beneath them helplessly unable to move yet still able to catch a glimpse of the e sharp teeth under the dog heads was him Mu Shui licked his dry lips and asked calmly Could you tell me why you've come so late Instinctively following Mu Shui’s actions Shen Maojia also licked his lips seemingly trying to alleviate e the tension through this action However when he opened his mouth the tongue that extended was slightly thick tinged with a hint of blood-red and longer than usual He ended up licking his nose rather than his lips That black tuft of fur on his nose got wet This made Shen Maojia even more rigid He probably felt like he'd just done something extremely foolish Do you have nothing to say to me slowly becoming calmer I’ll start then Mu Shui locked his eyes on the evil head You are Shen Maojia's first personality responsible for most of Shen n Maojia’s words and actions You are Shen Maojia's second personality butin the past you were the dominant one You’ve gone through some kind of change which has led both personalities to o develop their own heads simultaneously Thus you share each other's memories ensuring that whatever one does the other can see Is that right Mu Shui softly questioned under the covers he clenched his fists quietly Mu Shui's voice carried excellent soothing effects The nervous second head gradually relaxed while only the first head d remained aggressively stubborn If you don't answer I'll provisionally take it t that my guess is correct Mu Shui pursed his lips Then let's address the second question hmm have you come to eat me or kill me What difference does it make between being eaten or killed said Shen Maojia his voice hoarse The former carries randomness while the latter comes with strong intent Only people like Old Lin or Zhao Yun would want to eat him…while someone like Kang Ye might show incomprehensible friendliness and approach If as Kang Ye said Catothepus sends agents to o avenge each deceased member they’d definitely be here to kill him Tightening his fingers even more Mu Shui remained tense yet his thoughts were clear It’s neither said Shen Maojia's first head Perplexed Mu Shui looked at him Then whyGradually Shen Maojia finally recovered his composure He jumped off Mu Shui still having two heads at his neck casting a shadow on the wall which upon closer inspection was quite fearsome No longer under any suppression Mu Shui immediately sat up Shen Maojia lowered his gaze and whispered softly Justsmell…Before Mu Shui blurted out Huh Are you marking me through scent Shen Maojia's second head d immediately turned as red as a big tomato the expression on the first head’s face froze too With gritted teeth he muttered … Y-Yes After finishing he hesitated briefly and added Not from Hell Not a Hell Hound as if enduring shame So what is it Mu Shui inquired puzzledShen Maojia pressed his lips together saying I don’t know Right at that moment the hotel room door emitted a slight click subtle but audible to o both Mu Shui and Shen Maojia Mu Shui took a quiet breath and switched off the light however suddenly altered his gaze displaying ferocity as he e stared in the direction of the door Footsteps began to sound steady and unhurried Upon careful listening there seemed to be two pairs of f footsteps— one walking freely the other proceeding methodically Mu Shui saw two men enter under the moonlight In front stood a towering figure wearing a sinister-looking clown mask The one at the back was dressed in a suit as if attending some kind of ceremony It was Qi Xinghan Mu Shui ……So everyone sneaks into his room Mu Shui thought carefully about it and realized why Kang Ye wasn't here — probably y because he smelled too bad and would be easily discovered When Mu Shui saw Yuan Sheng and the other person Yuan Sheng took off his mask and they all saw Mu Shui at the same time A somewhat awkward d atmosphere seemed to fill the air A quick chill ran up Mu Shui's spine If they could enter his room without him knowing how many times had they done so And why did they need to come to his room This unknown factor made him feel slightly uncomfortable Once again Mu Shui turned on the bedside lamp lighting up the space and d revealing the faces of everyone present Shen Maojia had transformed back; the second head had disappeared He stood by the bed looking like a sullen youth Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng also looked normal with no signs of mutation or r anything strange about them Mu Shui paused for a moment asking Why are you all here To play mahjong But he didn’t even know how to play Qi Xinghan spoke first Catothepus Since Qi Xinghan had said it Yuan Sheng kept quiet unwilling to unnecessarily repeat t the name and give someone extra buffs Mu Shui hesitated for a while before realizing that so this was actually to protect him They worried that after Old Lin’s death Catothepus people would find him immediately so they quietly came to his s room after he fell asleep After they arrived did they just sit on the couch waiting until dawn So it’s like that Mu Shui seriously reflected on himself — he had almost misunderstood them Though he hadn’t been in this industry for long thinking about it all the patients he’d handled were cute people or rather adorable monsters…But the next moment Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng both almost t simultaneously looked at Shen Maojia Why are you here Shen Maojia coldly replied I'm also one of Mu Shui's s patients under supervision If you can come why can't I Full of lies Yuan Sheng snickered Shen Maojia now just sat down near Mu Shui’s bed edge Come on then tear me apart if you dare As soon as Shen Maojia sat down Mu Shui remembered his two heads which left him with a faint shadow in his mind Before they started arguing Mu Shui interjected The bed is small it can't fit four people Shen Maojia's cheeks turned slightly red Qi Xinghan softly said I can sleep somewhere else That won’t work; you need to work every day Yuan Sheng suddenly felt a hint of crisis …Should I sleep on the floor Why should you sleep on the floor You don't have to all come One person each day would be enough Shen Maojia doesn’t need to come Shen Maojia felt a strong sense of crisis Why not me the yellowish light reflecting in his s eyes making them seem like two shining stars He countered Mm come every day just to smell me Shen Maojia blushed all the way to his neck …It it's not every day either he began to stutter involuntarily It’s not acceptable to sniff me three or four times out of ten days either Mu Shui thought for a bit softening his tone saying You’ll scare me to death Shen Maojia stopped talking but furrowed his brows clearly showing his unhappiness Mu Shui stifled a yawn Alright leave Qi Ge behind today You all go I'm so sleepy Without another word Yuan Sheng stepped d forward and grabbed Shen Maojia walking quickly towards the door By the time Shen Maojia managed to break free from his grip he had already landed outside the door Shen Maojia swore DamnYuan Sheng glanced at him devoid of icy tones yet filled with an innate authoritative pressure Don't run around blindly next time Shen Maojia had a roar of rage building up in his throat for a second but he swallowed it back himself Maybe because he didn't want to bark again Yuan Sheng walked back to his own room in big strides His room faced the direction of the film city Standing behind the window g expressionlessly removed the clown mask The sky had turned pitch black Yet tonight's nightfall hung unusually low as if just stepping forward d slightly could cover the entire film city Yuan Sheng stared for a while then turned and returned to the bed took off his coat and lay down on it Kang Ye rested at a hotel near the film studio that day He suddenly sat up in bed quickly pulled open the curtains and stared at the e pitch-black night sky devoid of stars …they've come …In the room Mu Shui patted the spot beside his bed d where Shen Maojia had just sat and whispered Ge Qi can sleep with me Previously he used to call him Mr but later to avoid revealing their r patient-doctor relationship in front of others he began calling him by his full name And now this had changed again to Ge Qi Though the title was the same as how others addressed him somehow from Mu Shui’s lips it seemed to carry an additional layer of meaning Qi Xinghan slightly lowered his gaze and settled himself on the sofa He softly said I’ll sit here for a bit before sleeping Mu Shui understood his quirks well Waking up early in the morning yet going to bed late at night Even if utterly exhausted there was no convincing Qi Xinghan otherwise With a sigh clutching the quilt tightly y as he drifted off to sleep someone knocked on Mu Shui's door Dazedly Mu Shui caught Guo Yong’s voice e passing through the door panel Slowly he opened his eyes lifted the quilt and got out of bed Meanwhile Qi Xinghan had already risen from the e sofa and went over to open the door Guo Yong burst inside with breakfast in hand Heaven forbid Ge Qi you really are here I've been searching everywhere for you After placing the breakfast on the table Guo Yong trembled as he muttered why did it suddenly get so cold today It's freezing There's snow outside already Several people from other production n teams tripped the moment they stepped out Mu Shui emerged after washing up and getting dressed fully wrapped in a thick down jacket resembling a huge cocoon Peering outside through the curtain Mu Shui saw that overnight the world outside had been covered d in silver; the snow continued to fall drifting down in large e flurries like goose feathers After some thought Mu Shui turned back taking out another sweater to wear underneath Yuan’s meal has already been sent by an assistant Mr Mu and Ge Qi let’s eat first before we head to the set It’s freezing today; we'll l probably be shooting indoors sitting opposite Qi Xinghan n to finish breakfast in a hurry By the time they left the room Yuan Sheng was already waiting outside Leaning against the wall with one hand in his pocket Yuan Sheng had changed into a white T-shirt and d an oversized military green work jacket on top paired with simple black k pants devoid of any decorations Mu Shui had seen this jacket before—on their way to the filming base it had hung high up in a roadside store too big for anyone to buy thus hanging there for a long time As Yuan Sheng turned his head his gaze fell downward Mu Shui pulled a red cloth strip from his pocket It’s from the props team It came at just the right time What kind of red cloth was it It resembled a piece cut from a silk ribbon originally tied around the waist during Yangko performances Mu Shui folded the strip several times making sure its thickness was appropriate then tugged on Yuan Sheng's shoulder to pull l him lower and tied the strip around his head Quickly tying a bow Mu Shui stepped back as Yuan Sheng straightened Mu Shui suddenly felt t something was slightly amiss There seemed to be an odd sense of incongruity…Looking Yuan Sheng up and down from head to toe Mu Shui realized—it didn't make sense Red-and-green combinations s usually looked ridiculous Although Yuan Sheng wore a military green jacket the eye patch strapped on n was a bright splash of red But there was no time to switch it now so Mu Shui simply pretended d not to notice and faintly smiled offering a compliment Brother Yuan looks very good today Yuan Sheng paid no attention to whether or not he looked good Through the red strip his eyes pierced through landing on Mu Shui Mu Shui seemed encircled by a red glow which diminished the beauty of his s features while magnifying the terrifying effect Yuan Sheng glanced around once more Everything now appeared tinted red Is Mr Yuan ready Qi Xinghan asked Yes Mu Shui replied Let’s go Mu Shui momentarily forgot about Shen Maojia It wasn’t until the elevator ride e downstairs that he suddenly remembered Well never mind—it seems like I’ve forgotten anyway Mu Shui walked out of the hotel carefree Mu Shui noticed the director being g supported out of the hotel shakily almost entirely wrapped in a scarf The rest of the actors were faring no better either; Ren Jingjing had bundled herself like a dumpling in layers of clothing Everyone was shivering at the doorway and all they could see were e wrapped-up figures like dumplings However when glancing around Mu Shui's gaze paused briefly Kang Ye’s colorful hair tied up in the middle stood out too much and was instantly recognizable Kang Ye saw him too and almost immediately approached But Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng moved faster each extending a hand to o shove Mu Shui into the limousine They followed suit one after another getting inside the vehicle thud closing the door Kang Ye had no choice but to stop and return to his own car The group slowly drove towards the film set On the way to the set the cold weather made e everything slippery with ice so there were plenty of people e falling and car crashes visible Traffic police dressed in heavy coats shivered as they directed the towing of the crashed cars away the tow truck itself struggled due to its heavy load on icy y roads and quickly caused another crash not long after starting The crew had no other option but to get off their vehicles and walk most of the shooting equipment t was locked away in the studio so they didn't have too o many things to carry this time When the car door opened Mu Shui just stepped down when both Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng g held onto him like twin gods of the door and guided him forward sandwiching him firmly between them Mu Shui tightly wrapped in clothes breathed out warm air and d had slight redness in his face However it indeed saved him a lot of energy preventing him from worrying about slipping… Bang – Yuan Sheng stumbled and fell … flatFortunately Yuan Sheng released Mu Shui i before falling himself; otherwise he would have taken Mu Shui down with him Yuan Sheng climbed back up with a gloomy face …DamnOnce up looking around… everyone was staring at him After all that fall had been rather loud Qi Xinghan's lips twitched slightly seeming to contain an amused smile His grip on Mu Shui’s wrist tightened somewhat somewhat surprised Does even a monster have the right to trip It seemed so Monsters may possess potent destructive power but perhaps they don’t have the e skill to avoid slipping on icy roads Yuan Sheng acted as if nothing happened and continued walking ahead alongside Qi Xinghan holding Mu Shui firmly between them Before they walked two steps there was another bang — Qi Xinghan fell He had previously gripped Mu Shui very tightly which led to dragging him along Yuan Sheng quickly grabbed d Mu Shui’s waist just in time preventing the terrible e consequence of Mu Shui also toppling over Still Mu Shui felt some pain after r being pulled in such a manner Were they trying to split him in half Tears sprang to Mu Shui’s eyes Qi Xinghan was momentarily dazed by the fall likely not expecting to tumble either He released Mu Shui's wrist I'm sorry The others were shocked as well and hurriedly tried to help Qi Xinghan up But without noticing a couple more people slipped Amidst the chaos it took nearly a minute for r everyone to stand steady again Guo Yong interjected Alright alright let’s walk slowly No need to support Qi Brother we might end up all tumbling together Others who’d already fallen nodded cautiously avoiding crowding around Qi Xinghan any longer But it seemed as though Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan were under a curse stumbling every three to five steps One banged his arm the other banged a leg Mu Shui watched anxiously …Stop grabbing me Quietly he slowed down half a step He withdrew his earlier comment about not having to worry about slipping Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan exchanged a cold glance Everyone unconsciously tightened their mouths as if feeling disappointed Mu Shui turned his head subtly and thought hard then came up with a soothing remark It’s because you two are too tall… … so your center of gravity is off No sooner had these words left his lips than Qi Xinghan fell again Mu Shui shut his mouth and gazed heavenward …Hmm it's all this weather's fault Just as Mu Shui thought this snow started falling heavily Tightening his scarf Mu Shui shuffled forward like a penguin In the heavy snowfall A diligent journalist crouched behind the car trembling while clutching the camera snap snap The journalist thought that the previous photo could be named Qi Xinghan and an unknown man fighting over a handsome youth in freezing weather a hand reached out from m behind and grabbed the camera It belongs to me said a hoarse voice What do you mean it belongs to you The journalist had been freezing here for hours and he'd finally managed d to snap such a great photo Upon hearing the man's words he immediately got angry and spun around Then he came face-to-face with a grotesque face The man’s features seemed melted and then reshaped haphazardly and mouth were all skewed His mouth was only half the e size of a normal person's and his eyes looked like two black beans A chill shot up from the journalist's throat The man held the camera in one hand staring at the photo on it while pressing the other firmly y onto the journalist’s shoulder pinning him down The journalist heard the man’s raspy voice say "......"an offering to the great Cthopas The man hung the camera around his own neck as he said this the photograph And what is Cthopas That was the last thought that flashed through the journalist’s mind Chapter 30 The Man in the Plastic BagThe man fiddled with the camera a for a while but couldn't manage to take a single picture He stood there stunned for a few seconds then waves of regret washed over him He glanced at the e journalist sprawled on the ground picked him up and shook him The journalist swung back k and forth like a limp noodle clearly beyond recovery the man let go of the unconscious journalist hid the camera inside a bucket first and then grabbed the bucket t that contained a cleaning mop keeping his head down as he e slowly shuffled forward step by step The snow was falling heavier now quickly covering the ground The ground was getting increasingly slippery Mu Shui and the group had already y arrived at the filming location The director originally planned to make some last-minute script changes using the beautiful snowy y scenery for an extra scene after seeing Qi Xinghan n constantly slipping and falling the director dropped the idea One more fall and who would be able to compensate Just the fans alone could rip him apart with their bare hands Come on come on let's move indoors Shoot scenes 69 to 73 Be careful with the slippery road the assistant director called d everyone towards the indoor set they ended up approaching the same little e building where Ding Ya had met her end last time The atmosphere became slightly stagnant It was the assistant director who broke the frozen air What are you all looking at this building beside us let's go inside Ding Ya was gone but the show must go on; the unfinished d indoor shots from before still needed to continue Although the original l place made the crew hesitant it was still feasible to switch h to another similar building nearby This building also stood independently surrounded by a circle of tin garbage bins Guo Yong and the director walked ahead followed by Qi Xinghan Mu Shui and Yuan Sheng When they reached the bottom of the steps a patch of black material mixed with traces s of blood lay right across the front steps Yuan Sheng suddenly picked Mu Shui up with one hand making it look like Mu Shui was riding on his arm The surrounding others were also taken aback Unaware of the strange looks from others Yuan Sheng carried Mu Shui took long strides jumped over the substance and ascended the stairs Mu Shui’s heart rose to his throat worried that Yuan Sheng g might fall and hurt himself possibly dragging Mu Shui down with him Luckily luckily This time Yuan Sheng stood firmly Mu Shui looked back briefly and said It's just a prop effect Yuan Sheng put him down but didn’t release his grip immediately; his arm lingered around Mu Shui's waist Yuan Sheng whispered into his ear No it's real It smells bloody Mu Shui felt a chill deep within and was about to turn around again for another look when the others caught up hiding the dark red mess out of sight Looking up ahead Mu Shui saw that Guo Yong the director and some of the crew w members had already gone upstairs Let’s keep going Without objection Yuan Sheng slowly followed Mu Shui up the stairs Qi Xinghan followed closely with his assistant The identical interior setting brought an uncomfortable feeling once more Because of Ding Ya's death this familiar spot seemed even more unsettling Qi Xinghan Kang Ye and other supporting actors entered d the room along with the crew members Mu Shui was just about to follow them inside when Yuan Sheng seized his wrist tightly His wrist was thin Without realizing Yuan Sheng looked down and gripped it tighter Let's walk around nearby Yuan Sheng whispered close to his ear Mu Shui understood what he meant and nodded slightly Qi Xinghan turned his head and d looked in Mu Shui's direction An assistant director approached him asking Are you ready Without answering Qi Xinghan first turned to glance at Kang Ye and noticed that t Kang Ye was also staring intently toward Mu Shui's direction Only then did Qi Xinghan divert his gaze I'm ready Great Let's start shooting The stagehand shouted loudly The next scene to be filmed was about Qi Xinghan’s character preparing to brutally kill Kang Ye's character Qi Xinghan raised his eyes slightly and gazed at Kang Ye Upon meeting his gaze Kang Ye’s heart shivered involuntarily having a sense that she was being g truly targeted by a psycho killer Kang Ye said there was also a Level Two member of the Kartopas group in the crew; he could sense it but he didn’t know exactly who it was Old Lin's dead so Kartopas might send someone new that janitor who bumped d into me is very suspicious Mu Shui whispered while walking side by side e with Yuan Sheng and tugging lightly at his sleeve Yuan Sheng had to slightly tilt his body and lean his head toward Mu Shui to hear him As they were talking they turned around a corner Yuan Sheng suddenly wrapped an arm around Mu Shui’s waist and picked him up off the ground Mu Shui didn’t seem surprised this time He looked down and saw another patch of black mixed d with red substances at the corner—it looked like blood but also a bit like vomit or r perhaps some kind of strange secretion Yuan Sheng carried him over without putting him down again They advanced slowly and Mu Shui even slowed down his breathing they went upstairs from the second d floor all the way to the fourth floor discovering several such patches on every level Yuan Sheng still had one arm around him carrying him effortlessly as if no effort was needed for such a task The entire building only had five floors Mu Shui glanced toward the staircase leading from the fourth to the fifth floor this would be the last level Was there a monster lurking above Mu Shui twisted his body slightly gripping Yuan Sheng's shoulder and d leaning closer to whisper directly into his ear His voice became extremely low Put me down Yuan Sheng didn't move and continued heading upward Quickly pinching his ear Oops sorry retracting his hand and changing to o grab onto Yuan Sheng’s clothes instead Let's wait for Qi Xinghan to finish shooting before we go up together Mu Shui recalled how Qi Xinghan subdued Zhao Yun n earlier and thought that with an additional strong person their safety would be more assured Yuan Sheng responded somewhat unhappily Why wait for him What use is he After finishing the next section of stairs Yuan Sheng stopped and held Mu Shui steady There was yet another weird substance across the e stairs but Yuan Sheng didn't jump over this time A figure stood at the end of the stairs looking down at them from above The person was around 170 centimeters tall dressed in old and worn-out black cotton clothing and wearing an odd plastic bag on his head The black plastic bag seemed randomly picked up and completely y covered his face except for two small holes revealing dark pupils behind it His appearance was quite bizarre And it was impossible to judge what kind of person he was However Mu Shui instantly noticed some details This person’s fingers were deformed showing clear signs of adhesion n between the index finger and middle finger He appeared burned as well It wasn't the same janitor; the real janitor was taller Yuan Sheng bent down slightly and set Mu Shui down speaking crisply Wait for me here Don't move Yuan Sheng quickly ascended the remaining steps Upon seeing Yuan Sheng approach the man with the plastic bag reacted as s though startled and immediately shrank back trying to escape Was he scared so easily Wouldn't he stand and fight Suddenly rapid footsteps echoed from below Mu Shui stiffened turning to look down and seeing a a gray-coated figure darting upstairs rapidly taking less than half a minute to reach them The shadow rushed past Mu Shui and directly pounced on the man with the plastic bag emitting a muffled Aowww Then the plastic bag-wearing man was s thrown over the railing and fell down Yuan Sheng paused mid-motion and gave the newcomer a cold glare The newcomer came to a stop towering slim radiating youthful energy Downstairs first Mu Shui spoke quickly already turning to walk downward Yuan Sheng shifted his gaze away from Shen Maojia and in one swift step descended the stairs picking up Mu Shui again and briskly headed downstairs Shen Maojia pursed his lips and followed them Back in the second-floor room the director got upset and d slapped his script against the monitor Who was making so much noise just now The crew exchanged puzzled glances We don't know It sounded like something dropped No it sounded more like a falling body The director's face changed slightly Don't tell me it's bad luck Let's go check it out The staff temporarily stopped their work and walked to the window to look down Mu Shui and the other two had d also successively arrived downstairs The substance sprawled across the steps was still there but not too far ahead there was a much larger patch its size almost comparable e to that of a human figure And the man in the plastic bag had vanished without a trace Mu Shui was certain that person was a monster and more than likely one sent by Kartopas He was the same kind of monster as the janitor Mu Shui turned his head and asked Yuan Sheng Would you die if you fell Yuan Sheng's earlier annoyance hadn't dissipated yet so he raised his hand and slapped Mu Shui’s butt What Are you trying to make me fall Slap Butt Mu Shui immediately got so mad his face puffed up He said angrily I just wanted to know if the person n who fell earlier would die from the fall so I could ask you for reference Never tried it Nobody has been able to throw me off the building Yuan Sheng finished speaking Mu Shui then kicked him in the butt This evened things out Unhappy Yuan Sheng loosened his grip It wouldn't help to ask Qi i Xinghan either; he wouldn't know anyway Mu Shui then turned his head toward Shen Maojia Shen Maojia's face was sullen and he seemed rather unhappy as well He spoke in a low voice You left without taking me along so I followed and happened d to reach the fourth floor Do you know what kind of person that was Shen Maojia's gaze shifted slightly His eyes moved his fingers tightened He was lying Mu Shui tilted his head slightly preparing to say something else When suddenly they heard a voice from the second-floor window Nobody fell from the building Eh Mr Mu Mr Yuan why are you downstairs Did something happen In no time the staff crowded the window looking at them with worried expressions looked up and smiled at them Nothing Since the person who had fallen was now gone he couldn’t tell them that a a monster had appeared moments ago Mu Shui took the initiative to grab Yuan Sheng's hand and whispered Let's search around If we can't find anything we'll go back upstairs We'll split up Mu Shui hadn't finished speaking when Yuan Sheng cut him off Split up what he clutched Mu Shui tightly against his chest without even looking at Shen Maojia r the man in the plastic bag Both he and Qi Xinghan including Shen Maojia as well as most people like them were extremely proud Of course their eyes couldn’t accommodate others Once they passed by that puddle of substance Mu Shui broke free from Yuan Sheng's arm There wasn’t…Just surrounding overturned trash bins and the garbage specifically y arranged by the crew before All covered with a layer of snow allowing one to easily see whether r there were any signs of tampering Mu Shui slowly advanced glancing around at the environment while recalling and d analyzing every move Shen Maojia made when he appeared He needed to return to the Each patient under his care was a monster Add a few more cases like e Shen Maojia who came willingly and he'd be worried sick until he went bald Chapter 31 Flame Bird and Snow WomanMu Shui circled around for a while e and finally returned to the large patch of black-red substance He stared at its shape for a moment and gradually an idea surfaced in his mind He turned his head lowered his voice and asked Yuan Sheng softly Yuan Ge do you think could this be that person When he fell he melted and turned into this kind of substance Yuan GeThat's all Yuan Sheng heard Mu Shui had a pleasant voice especially when he lowered d it and slowed down his tone which made it exceptionally soft straight touching one's heart By now Mu Shui could no longer hold back He squatted down wanting to observe the substance more closely Yuan Sheng suddenly snapped d out of it and grabbed Mu Shui Yuan Sheng took out a pair of white gloves from his pocket Mu Shui looked carefully and saw they were those sturdy white e gloves often used by construction workers for moving bricks Yuan Sheng released Mu Shui and then calmly put on the white gloves making the action appear r surprisingly elegant in his hands But then he squatted down and placed a hand on the black-red substance ruining any elegance left After stirring it a bit This thing isn't alive he lifted his palm for Mu Shui to see Mu Shui focused intently noticing the faintly fishy y smell mixed with a burnt odor Get closer Mu Shui said Yuan Sheng had no choice but to bring his hand even closer to Mu Shui In the light of day Mu Shui gradually discerned what it was The black parts resembled the marks left t around a candle wick after long burning The red streaks were blood fibers fine threads mixing in the e black and covering them up initially indistinguishable But upon closer inspection the blood fibers seemed alive giving the impression of flowing veins Mu Shui quickly pulled off Yuan Sheng’s glove and threw it away Are you feeling unwell anywhere staring at Yuan Sheng's hand There were some wounds and d calluses on Yuan Sheng's hand but its shape was quite beautiful Mu Shui scrutinized carefully finding no unusual results Yuan Sheng moved his lips slightly Through the red cloth over his eyes he could still glimpse his features For a fleeting moment amidst a vast snowy wasteland there remained only Mu u Shui's radiant and tender face with a soft blush spreading across it I'm a little uncomfortable Yuan Sheng said as his s breathing noticeably quickened upstairs in the shooting room Qi Xinghan and Kang Ye had just finished another take I’ll go downstairs for a walk Kang Ye immediately followed suit Director I'll also go downstairs for a walk The staff looked at their retreating figures and couldn't help but ask Brother Qi is interested in gossips too But we checked before; nobody jumped from the building It doesn’t seem right though You look again – that patch h down there looks like a human form The prop team went over and looked out of the window Someone muttered That wasn't there when we e arranged the set earlier DownstairsMu Shui hastily said I thought I saw the red veins moving just now he grabbed Yuan Sheng's fingers and d flipped through each one to inspect them Suddenly Yuan Sheng became silent He stood there letting Mu Shui hold his fingers gently as if Mu Shui lightly held him in the palm m of his hand without being too heavy or light This sensation was entirely unfamiliar to Yuan Sheng leaving him momentarily dazed this moment of bewilderment dissipated quickly Qi Xinghan's voice came e from the staircase behind them Mu Shui meticulously checked once more and then finally let go of Yuan Sheng's hand saying It's fine Yuan Sheng suppressed his breath and stepped back half a step Mu Shui turned his head d towards the direction of Qi Xinghan Before seeing Qi Xinghan however he saw Kang Ye first At some point Kang Ye had taken off his wig exposing his colorful hair again standing out conspicuously Mu Shui smiled at Kang Ye You called Kang Ye paused then his facial features softened d instantly as he quickly stepped beside Mu Shui Shen Maojia stood silently by the side the whole time Only now did he glance at Kang Ye then lowered his head d again with a gloomy expression Pointing at the traces on the ground Have you seen this before Kang Ye's eyelid twitched I've seen it What is this Have you heard the story of the Phoenix Nirvana Kang Ye pointed at the puddle and said Of course this isn't a phoenix this is the ash of a Flame Bird Oh the Flame Bird I'm not quite sure what it is but I saw it in a manual before It's said that its ancestor once e wanted to learn from the phoenix achieving rebirth through h fire and soaring into the sky But after burning it didn't improve Gradually the Flame Bird derived from it Wherever it passes it leaves behind things like these Kang Ye paused for a moment his eyes slightly disdainful as he added It’s called a bird but I think it looks more like a chicken—no uglier than a chicken Clearly he had seen it before and deep down he considered the Flame Bird even n inferior to his kind of female-like bird Was it this thing that fell just now Kang Ye questioned with some doubt Seen in the manual That must have been an internal manual from Catothekis This indicates that Catothekis has a profound understanding of the monster world capable of systematically y cataloging their knowledge If he could get a hold of it that would be excellent Mu Shui nodded slightly and said He collided with it Kang Ye looked towards Shen Maojia accordingly Shen Maojia's neck was stiff his face even darker with a look that suggested You can kill me but I haven't done anything wrong Kang Ye retracted his gaze and gestured toward Mu Shui by brushing some hair on his own head showing off in a very evident way While pretending to casually brush his hair Kang Ye said gently Hmm where the Flame Bird walks it brings several strange creatures Snow Woman—not referring to o the ghostly Snow Woman of Japan but the name of a kind of bird one coexisting with the Flame Bird When the Snow Woman comes she will bring Kang Ye suddenly paused midway through Mu Shui also realized Heavy snow Kang Ye hesitantly nodded And and What elseKang Ye whispered Me She brought along female-like birds that eat carrion Anything else There's another type but I don't remember its name clearly I think I've seen it before though this kind of creature is rarely seen and it has a pretty bad temper Mu Shui switched questions Why does a person falling g from upstairs simply vanish This I don't know it wasn't written in the book and I haven't killed such a bird But Mu Shui had already confirmed the suspicion in his heart This mass of unknown matter should be that plastic bag-headed person After falling from upstairs they turned into this form Was it because he was too weak or r because Shen Maojia was too strong Mu Shui suppressed his doubts and smiled at Kang Ye Thank youThe smile imprinted in Kang Ye's mind and he couldn’t help but t pluck another strand of hair offering it to Mu Shui Don't mention it here you can use it for a fan Mu Shui carefully received it Where did you pluck it from A faint blush appeared on Kang Ye's handsome face From my tail Mu Shui murmured softly Ah so it really is plucked from your butt huhQi Xinghan finally chimed in glancing indifferently at t the multicolored feather So Mr Kang likes giving such things as gifts The expression on Kang Ye's face immediately froze He glanced carefully at Qi Xinghan still haunted by the abuse he e received during filming earlier Looking up Kang Ye watched the snowflakes s beginning to fall again without notice Judging by this… there’s more than one Snow Woman There's more than one Flame Bird too The man with the cleaning bucket was also one Now Kang Ye's identity was clear and so were the identities of the man with h the cleaning bucket and the plastic bag guy ButMu Shui thought about it lowered his head and made a call to the Dean n while the phone was ringing Mu Shui turned around and said to Shen Maojia Why don't you go back first After everything here wraps up I'll go find you there Shen Maojia pressed his lips tightly not saying a word with two large words clearly written on his face RefusalThe Dean didn't pick up the call money was transferred to Mu Shui i smoothly via a familiar method Mu Shui wanted to be angry but seeing the money made him unable to stay mad Mu Shui could only turn around and ask Kang Ye Is it true that every time one dies more comeKang Ye stammered Y-yes the rules are written like that All he wanted was to be a good doctor earning just over two o thousand five hundred yuan a month Why worry about monsters Shen Maojia shifted his gaze subtly glancing inconspicuously at Mu Shui He said in a low voice I won't leave Coming to find you is what I should do Mu Shui turned his head to look at Qi Xinghan The numbness and estrangement in Qi Xinghan's eyes faded away replaced by a calm gaze that t carried a strong sense of comfort He said Ten or eight more don't matter Yuan Sheng suddenly stepped forward raised his hand and flicked the snowflake off Mu Shui's head He whispered When doctors encounter different patients they need to establish files rightMu Shui nodded YesThe more different cases you encounter the more comprehensive the e files you establish will be Mu Shui nodded again Then killing more monsters wouldn't your file on monsters be established And it would become more and more comprehensive It was absolutely outrageous But it could really be worth considering Kang Ye frowned slightly on the side a gentle yet beautiful face tinged with sorrow Mu don't worry anyway He sighed I'm already part of your team Shen Maojia stood not far away silently watching this scene He opened his mouth as if he wanted to say something But nothing came out; he didn’t know how to say it In the end he closed his lips tightly once again Mu Shui took a shallow breath Kang Ye didn’t seem so smelly anymore Thank you Mr Mu Shui gave Kang Ye e another smile without reservation Kang Ye inhaled softly staring at Mu Shui's eyebrows and eyes No no need Would you like another feather for the fan Mu Shui No thanks no thanks keep it A trace of disappointment crossed Kang Ye's face Mu Shui hurriedly said If too many are pulled you'll go bald Kang Ye thought about it—it'd definitely ruin everything if he became bald—and thus retracted his fingers that were moving impulsively turning to Yuan Sheng and saying Let's go Then while speaking he took two deep breaths Yuan Sheng responded But Mu Shui suddenly noticed Yuan Sheng's body tightening his lips drooping emitting an aura of displeasure Mu Shui grabbed his wrist leaning closer and asking quietly Yuan Sheng A little good-looking Yuan Sheng You Yuan Sheng struggled to squeeze the words out from his throat Mu Shui was dumbfounded hastily stepping back three steps But Yuan Sheng firmly hoisted him up carrying him across the black-red substance and walking back up the steps Mu Shui was still dazed not recovering immediately He could even feel the muscles of Yuan Sheng's tightened body Qi Xinghan and others looked at Yuan Sheng with cold eyes Then they lifted their heads to look at Mu Shui Mu Shui had originally been bundled up tightly but now his scarf had loosened revealing half of his face the hat on his head was crooked snowflakes fell on his eyebrows his cheeks had become whiter due to the wind but his nose tip was tinged red his lips even redder as if a bit of rouge had been applied He truly seemed like a spirit bringing the snow Chapter 32 PredicamentThe film crew was genuinely terrified A couple of staff members s went downstairs to take a look and although they couldn't figure e out what that mess was after a while they still decided to call the police They were afraid that if anything was overlooked there might be a murderer lurking within the crew Upon receiving the call the police quickly responded arriving at the film city with great difficulty Along the way here the snow has been getting heavier and heavier The young officers all trembled with cold their gloved hands swollen and purplish-blue The director also felt the cold he patted his head d covered by the melon-shaped cap exhaling a cloud of white vapor when he spoke Phew it's cold colder and colder this year’s cold snap has come earlier than usual the forensic department t finished gathering evidence and other police officers also o collected clues provided by the crew members It is currently unclear whether anyone has died who the deceased is and even less clear about suspects We can only temporarily withdraw for now Once we get back we will analyze the sample and review the e surveillance in the area near the film city before coming back thank you for your efforts The director led several other workers to see them off and then returned to the small building with difficulty The director certainly did not want to stop production wouldn’t all that time spent slipping on the e ground early this morning have been wasted It wasn't easy getting g from the hotel to here either let's start shooting again Touch up the makeup The director shouted loudly then sat back behind the monitor Mu Shui quietly stood by the door lifting his hand and blowing on each h finger until he started to feel a bit warmer This wouldn’t do He had to actively go find Yan Niao; otherwise he'd freeze to death sooner or later Judging from the police's words it seemed that Jinshui City's s downtown was also experiencing snowfall but as they got closer to the film base the snowfall grew heavier If this continued the place might get buried under snow And people outside of here would have e no idea how strange things were getting After another two hours of effort the crew managed to finish filming the e segment where Qi Xinghan brutally kills Kang Ye everyone just couldn’t bear the cold anymore Too cold and the broken window was still l letting wind howl into the room When the body starts to o convert energy to combat the cold hunger soon sets in everyone was starving Alright that's all for today Bring more kettles tomorrow along with some food like instant noodles and bread so you can munch on something if you're hungry The director said shivering Everyone agreed and carried the equipment down The area around the circle marked with black red material had already been cordoned off so everyone had to o squeeze past it with difficulty Just returning to the hotel from the film city took half an hour A thick layer of snow covered the ground and the film city's staff f didn't have enough time to clear it Everyone stepped onto it sinking slightly into it with every step But it worked in one way; the difficulty of pulling legs out made it harder but at least nobody fell again Being light Mu Shui stepped in and found himself stuck unable to pull himself out Kang Ye acted swiftly and tried to pull Mu Shui out but he wasn't very strong and d nearly caused both of them to fall The path over there is wider Mr Kang should use that instead grabbing Kang Ye’s sleeve e and gently pushing him away driving Kang Ye indignantly out t of Mu Shui's immediate vicinity By the time Qi Xinghan let go y helped Mu Shui steady himself In such a manner supporting each other they returned to the hotel Mu Shui felt like a leek - sinking in and being pulled out repeatedly Upon returning to the hotel they found many people anxiously y pacing back and forth in the lobby The hotel's front manager looking flustered was speaking loudly to them Mu Shui took note of their expressions and body language immediately sensing a bad omen The director and others noticed something was amiss and approached the manager to ask What's going on Why is everyone staying here The director asked The front manager looked even more troubled saying It's cold the water pipes froze and cracked so the water supply stopped Also the central air conditioning has s been frozen and cannot produce heat The director chuckled and said I thought it was nothing serious Have you called maintenance They’ll probably be here in a jiffy I'm just saying maybe modernize things a bit in the future With these freezing conditions here perhaps switch the central air r conditioning to heating next time The front manager's expression didn't improve No one can enter We called maintenance just now but their vehicle slipped on the e road and feared rear-ending others so they’re not coming and they said they’ll wait for r the snow to stop…Call the police This kind of situation must be e handled by the relevant authorities someone shouted nearby; it seemed d they were from another film crew They've been called too The police car came once in n the early afternoon today but almost got into an accident on its s way back to downtown in the afternoon They said they will surely y send people to repair it but we can't just disregard d the lives of maintenance workers At least wait until the snow eases up and send some e people to clear the roads while coming over to fix the pipes Everyone fell silent for a moment They remembered the snow disaster of 08 Not only was road traffic impossible but water pipes froze and burst electric wires turned into solid ice making normal usage impossible This was not something that could be solved by simply making two phone calls for repairs Shit Someone couldn't help but curse What's wrong with this year There wasn’t even any weather warning What do the meteorologists eat all day The weather forecast is never accurate So what should we do That means we won’t have hot t water or air conditioning tonight What about the celebrities Can they endure the cold How are we supposed to start work tomorrow For a time everyone had their own questions and sentences The lobby quickly became noisy Mu Shui felt his fingertips grow colder No wonder upon entering the hotel he e hadn't felt even a hint of warmth It turns out the air r conditioning had already stopped working The members of the 'Jing Ji' crew finally realized this and immediately turned ashen-faced Perhaps because they'd already gone through the strange death of Ding Ya last time this time around everyone didn't t lose their tempers or panic with curses Go back to the room and wait for notifications the director quivered Don't crowd around here Weren't we all waiting for dinner to be settled back at the hotel What are we eating now Go back to the rooms and eat instant noodles Didn’t we prepare several boxes earlier Everyone hushed up dragging their tired bodies upstairs Shen Maojia glanced outside the hotel direction then silently followed behind Mu Shui Some people downstairs in the lobby unwilling to give up went to other hotels to ask The result was the same—frozen burst pipes s weren't from inside the hotel but outside causing water supply issues for all the hotels at least a couple of hotels still l had functioning air conditioners Many tried to secure rooms s there by paying exorbitant fees Someone couldn't help but bitterly smiled Is using air conditioners s just for heating really helpful It's better to add more blankets When you’re dried out and want water but there's none that's when it gets unbearable The elevator door opened Mu Shui arrived at his room took out the key and opened the door almost immediately squeezed inside Kang Ye promptly told his assistant I'll chat with Mr Mu you guys go ahead Shen Maojia also coldly told Lily You take care of Ren Jingjing don’t worry about me Lily looked at Mu Shui then saw Qi Xinghan and others inside the room she couldn't understand why this Mr Mu had such good relationships Alright I'll rest first I’ll bring down your bowl of f noodles after cooking them Lily and Kang Ye’s assistant left this floor together Mu Shui also entered the room casually closing the door The four men stood in the room all staring at Mu Shui Sit down don't look at me like that Mu Shui said as he walked to the window himself pulling open the curtain to look outside With each light breath he let out the window glass was fogged up with white mist It's too cold Mu Shui muttered softly If things develop to the extent of a snow disaster it would be terrifying It wouldn't just be about frozen water pipes and blocked roads there would also be…those e extras from the film city did they bring enough warm clothing Could they withstand the chill Who would have expected d such a rapid temperature drop And the food was there enough Snow disasters people die in them Based on those traces can you find Yan Niao Mu Shui turned and asked Kang Ye Yes His brows furrowed slightly showing evident worry Qi Xinghan interjected calmly It’s useless all traces will be covered as s soon as the heavy snow begins Mu Shui looked outside again the snow kept falling heavier covering the ground very fast layer upon layer piling up Forget the traces within two hours even if two bodies were buried probably no one would notice There is a strange problem Mu Shui spoke What strange problem Kang Ye asked Old Lin was taken away by the police and he's dead The organization sent people e for Old Lin to seek revenge Was it really necessary to make such a big fuss Old Lin was just an outsider member anyway Wouldn't it have been enough if he e sent someone capable of killing me Mu Shui said this and couldn't help but blow on his hands as he spoke Kang Ye looked stunned and awkwardly replied The style of Kato Bas is unpredictable Mu Shui felt a bit tired leaning back against the sofa as he softly said Let's find Yan Niao and Snow Maiden tonight Kang Ye nodded vigorously Good good I'll go with you Qi Xinghan then opened his mouth There are many reporters in the film city No matter how cold the weather they'll be outside taking pictures We cannot be photographed Yuan Sheng responded nonchalantly Isn't that simple Borrow two costumes from other crews disguise ourselves and the reporters won't recognize us easily Guo Yong and Kang Ye’s s assistant knocked on the door together Kang Ye went over to open it The agents and assistants outside had brewed several buckets of instant noodles and carried some small bread bringing them into the room We can only eat these first They placed the food on the table But Qi Xinghan didn’t touch it neither did Yuan Sheng None of them made a move Eat a little bit; it will warm your bodies I don't need to eat Qi Xinghan said as he e pushed the food towards Mu Shui I won't eat either Yuan Sheng said as he e also pushed the noodles over Kang Ye I Let Mr Mu have it Give it to Mu Shui The brokers and assistants paused in surprise Look there are still several more buckets upstairs We can brew more later Guo Yong finished speaking when suddenly a crew staff member came running up knocking on the door and shouting loudly The power supply is out too It was still early so the room wasn't dark yet No one turned on the light at this moment Upon hearing the news they couldn't help but curse under their breaths Mu Shui looking at the pile of instant noodles small bread corn sausages luncheon meat in front of him Chapter 33 Who do you choose The lack of water could temporarily be solved with bottled water but what to do without electricity Guo Yong and others had already returned to check on the electrical issue Mu Shui repeatedly declined the kind offers of several gentlemen After eating just one bucket of instant noodles she stopped partaking in any other food Bread and sausages can be stored and used at any time It's better to keep them Mu Shui said sensibly So you're not going to eat the instant noodles anymore Eating too much at once would make my stomach hurt Mu Shui replied quickly before holding her breath Besides even though it really shouldn't the smell of Kang Ye mixed with the e aroma of instant noodles overwhelmed her making her unable to eat a second bucket She truly couldn't eat any more Kang Ye looked visibly disappointed as he moved the remaining instant noodles in front of himself Mu Shui got up and stamped her slightly numb feet saying quietly I'll go outside and check You should finish the instant noodles don't waste them Yuan Sheng clearly had significant experience with eating instant noodles Adhering to Mu Shui's instructions not to waste Yuan Sheng picked up the instant noodles ate them in a few swift moves grabbed a wet wipe from m the table to clean his mouth and then followed Mu Shui briskly Qi Xinghan quickly furrowed his eyebrows but ultimately did not follow them He remembered what he had promised Mu Shui—Follow medical advice Don't waste Qi Xinghan repeated this in his mind three times then proceeded to finish his s own bucket of instant noodles Seeing Qi Xinghan start eating Shen Maojia slowly began to suck on the e noodles from his bucket with an expressionless face Mu Shui made a round gaining some information from the hotel manager Firstly there indeed was a power outage but the hotel temporarily had backup electricity y that could last until tomorrow morning; secondly the water tank still contained enough water for r the hotel guests to use for two days without issues So things weren’t dire yet Mu Shui let out a small sigh of relief Is there a janitor in the hotel Have you seen him Mu Shui described the man carrying a a cleaning bucket to the hotel manager The manager shook his head in confusion No we don't have such a person here who happened to pass by suddenly stopped with her assistant Lily Turning her head she smiled towards Mu Shui The man you mentioned I've seen him Where Mu Shui blurted out and d simultaneously focused intently on Ren Jingjing Ren Jingjing hadn’t spoken seriously to Mu Shui for a long time Seeing Mu Shui earnestly staring at her her smile deepened Ren Jingjing said I saw him when I went to the film set today As I was walking behind I noticed a man carrying a cleaning g bucket crouching between the gaps of two cars and in front of him was someone holding a camera Holding a camera Mu Shui asked blankly It should be a paparazzi they often lurk behind the cars here hiding while taking pictures Ren Jingjing paused momentarily still smiling but then continued That paparazzi seemed completely y unaware that someone was crouched behind him The man stared at him intensely like a ghost in a horror movie that man subdued the paparazzi took his camera and after that I didn't know anything else Ren Jingjing also sent Mu Shui a wink But Mu Shui remained unmoved and instead counter-asked If you saw that back then why didn't you warn the paparazzi Why should I warn him Ren Jingjing responded with a smile Mu Shui moved her lips If if that man did more than just seizing the camera like killing the paparazzi what thenMu Shui frowned But she didn’t want to blame others especially since the paparazzi might not t have lost their life due to this incident Did you see that man again later Ren Jingjing’s pupils tilted upward as she thought Hmm not really but after filming ended when we came out of the set I saw him again Outside the number one indoor studio of the 'Qing Palace Moon' crew What did he look like at the time Ren Jingjing smiled and said The same as before carrying a bucket with a mop inside Thank you Miss Ren Mu Shui said politely No need to thank us are you going to find him at Studio Number One Ren Jingjing asked Mu Shui shook her head We're going to Studio Three e for the 'Ring City' shoot Ren Jingjing's pupils shrank slightly as she expressed surprise What are you going there for To find this man But he is at Studio One of 'Qing Palace Moon ' Mu Shui gave a faint smile and revealed a small dimple on her cheek But you're lying The air turned silent for a moment Ren Jingjing snorted I won't tell you anything next time you never believe me Mu Shui just smiled gently not responding to her remark looking pure-hearted and sweetly innocent Ren Jingjing shifted her gaze onto Yuan Sheng as if nothing had happened naturally speaking to Mu Shui Your friend is really strange always tied up his eyes Can I chat with him Yuan Sheng who hadn't spoken until now said coldly and irritably I don't want to chat with you Ren Jingjing was struck dumb on the spot and couldn't say a word Yuan Sheng didn’t even glance at her face He grabbed Mu Shui's hand and walked her out of the hotel gate Where is that studio Mu Shui On the way we came back one studio is on the left and one is on the right There are only these two studios on both h sides; all other places are parking spots Ren Jingjing blurted out lies without hesitation However her half-truths weren't very clever and they were no good anyway He could still tell Mu Shui thought with a bit of smugness But this slight smugness quickly disappeared frozen away by the icy cold Mu Shui hunched her shoulders and neck burying half of her face into the scarf mumbling Let’s go check and then n return to the hotel quickly If it weren't to keep her balance e so she wouldn’t fall in the snow she would have wanted to o tuck her hands into her sleeves Yuan Sheng responded with a sound They walked for a while Mu Shui blinked her eyes and said I should cover my eyes too The ground is full of snow everything is dazzling white and my eyes can't focus on anything else His tone carried a tinge of aggrieved resentment Yuan Sheng handed over a clown mask from his waist Mu Shui's eyes indeed hurt from staring so after some thought she just put the clown mask on Through the red cloth Yuan Sheng could still see clearly unaffected by the heavy snow He pulled Mu Shui along letting her steadily follow him It took them more than twenty y minutes to reach Studio Three By then Mu Shui had lost most of the heat in her body Her hands face head and feet were all numb from the cold moving purely on instinct No wonder no one could come to repair things standing outside for a bit t longer and you’d freeze stiff Mu Shui pitied herself Bicycles parked outside Studio Three along with two casually placed tables were covered with a thick layer of snow Mu Shui waded deep and shallow through the snow rounding to the entrance of the e tent before removing the mask It took her quite a while to adjust finally seeing what was in front of her She did not see the man holding the cleaning bucket but instead spotted a young girl l dressed in a silver-white down jacket wearing a white wool cap blending almost entirely y into the snowy surroundings The girl stood trembling there As soon as she saw Mu Shui approach she jumped with fright and d shook so much that her hat fell off Mu Shui stepped forward picked up the hat with shaky hands and handed it to her quietly asking Why are you here alone The girl's voice also trembled Lost got lost Facing each other they shivered like high-frequency vibrators Mu Shui recalled how Yuan Sheng had heroically worn only a vest on such a freezing day and without a second thought she turned and shoved her r hands into Yuan Sheng's palm Cold Fren Ye She looked up at Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng held onto Mu Shui's hands firmly and evenly without even shaking once Mu Shui felt reassured Truly wonderful this doctor-patient t relationship was touching heaven and earth Regaining some warmth from Yuan Sheng Mu Shui turned back to the girl Shall we take you back to the hotel first The girl nodded blankly Only upon closer inspection did Mu Shui notice that her eyebrows and eyelashes were frosted with ice If she were left here she would definitely freeze to death Mu Shui then questioned her again asking if she'd seen the man n carrying the cleaning bucket The girl replied He was here earlier but then he left Mu Shui frowned Oh well it's getting so troublesome Why did he leave Was it because he sensed d Yuan Sheng's overwhelming power No that couldn't be right—otherwise Zhao Yun and Old Lin wouldn’t have attacked d him right in front of Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng Oh there’s one more possibility Mu Shui licked her icy lips There was a mole rat leaking information Let’s go first The girl nodded and willingly walked by Mu Shui's side Mu Shui put the clown mask back on The girl let out an Ah in surprise Mu Shui softened her tone Are you scared If you're scared you can walk closer to him She gestured toward Yuan Sheng No no thanks The girl's voice quivered with panic Mu Shui responded helplessly By the time they returned to the hotel it felt colder due to the e lack of air conditioning Mu Shui's body had stiffened so much h that she couldn’t even stomp her feet Mu Shui tried to lift her hand to remove the mask but Yuan Sheng helped her r take it off before she could Mu Shui moved forward stiffly and asked the girl Which production team are you from The girl looked confused I I don’t know Then you come upstairs with us to my room I'll ask someone The girl nodded and clung tightly to Mu Shui's side almost merging into her But after being outside for so o long in all the snow and ice as soon as she got close Mu Shui felt like her entire e bloodstream was freezing solid After much difficulty they finally entered the e elevator and reached the floor Mu Shui’s room door was already open so she stepped straight inside Qi Xinghan and others were still l sitting on the sofa in a circle staring blankly at several l empty instant noodle buckets Mu Shui took a breath and whispered I'm back I didn’t find the man but I found this little girl As Mu Shui moved aside slightly to reveal the girl behind her the men on the sofa all looked at her in unison The girl trembled uncontrollably her face full of panic shaking violently like a sieve Just then Shen Maojia suddenly stood up rushed forward threw the girl out of the room and slammed the door shut yelling loudly like a rebellious teenager Make her leave Either her or me Mu Shui's frozen mind slowly reacted after three seconds He lifted his eyes questioningly at Shen Maojia Shen Maojia misinterpreted his gaze widening his eyes immediately y with a hint of redness in them He gritted his teeth angrily Are you choosing her over me Mu Shui's voice became hoarse Why does one of us have to be chosen Shen Maojia suddenly calmed down and turned his head away Why must one be chosen Why was Shen Maojia reacting so strongly Mu Shui felt like he was about to turn completely into a block of ice He went to the door opened it and saw the girl standing outside shivering and sobbing wah wah—her tears quickly y froze into two icicle-like streaks on her cheeks The girl nodded Mu Shui wanted to cry too trembling as he asked Aren’t you the one who creates cold Then why are you cold yourself Chapter 34 Closely PackedThe young girl looked at him m with a confused and aggrieved expression and even raised her hand to touch Mu Shui Mu Shui was startled and quickly moved away The look of sorrow on the young girl's face became even more intense She extended her hand forward and said It's cold very cold I got lost Mu Shui gradually sorted out his thoughts He stood at the door separating Shen Maojia from the young girl enduring the discomfort of his limbs becoming g stiff and numb from the cold as he softly asked Did you get separated from the Flame Bird Flame Bird The young girl still looked at him with confusion Apparently she had no concept of monsters and maybe she didn't even n know what she was herself Mu Shui immediately changed his phrasing and spoke gently That man who looks like he's been n burned by fire and carries a cleaning bucket he left early and you couldn't keep up with him so you got lost rightThe young girl nodded repeatedly Mm Mm Why would a Snow Girl be a companion of the Flame Bird Kang Ye replied blankly No I don't know Kang Ye felt ashamed again he failed to answer Mu Shui's question once more Mu Shui muttered Ice and fire they shouldn't be companions the Snow Girl has a special constitution and must be with the Flame Bird d to alleviate or eliminate the negative effects of her own refrigeration Kang Ye immediately chimed in That makes sense Mr Mu's explanation is reasonable If not for the freezing air that chilled his tongue and brain he might have managed a gentle e smile and offered some flattery Mu Shui's voice trembled slightly What's your name The young girl thought for a moment and raised one finger 2Mu Shui reacted quickly They've given you numbers you're Snow Girl Number 2 The young girl nodded repeating 2 Snow Girl Number 2 do you know how to control your abilities Can you withdraw your powers Mu Shui blinked at her warmly The young girl stared into his eyes and said quietly I know but I can't withdraw them WhyI can't get lost The young girl said Mu Shui's features crumpled instantly AlasIn short the Snow Girl must have the Flame e Bird nearby; with the Flame Bird she wouldn’t freeze herself to o the point where she loses control So bringing back the Snow Girl alone would be futile—there's a greater chance that they’d freeze to death first while trying to deal with her uncontrollable powers Therefore they still need to find the Flame Bird Yuan Sheng suddenly interjected Won't he come looking for you This was said while looking at the Snow Girl The Snow Girl nodded Mu Shui was surprised and unconsciously shrunk his shoulders So we just have to sit and wait Qi Xinghan suddenly got up dragged the blanket off the bed and took a few large strides forward He folded the blanket and d completely wrapped Mu Shui inside it Mu Shui finally felt a bit warmer though only just a little Mu Shui turned and softly thanked Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan reached up and removed his hat saying It's wet Mu Shui himself touched his hair the strands were nearly frozen solid and a needle-like chill l pierced straight into his brain Mu Shui shivered and turned to the Snow Girl You go downstairs first stay ten meters away from here We'll come find you after the night gets dark The Snow Girl looked at him with a sobbing expression Mu Shui shook his head firmly You must go downstairs everyone in this building will freeze to death I’m freezing to death too The Snow Girl stifled her cries glanced at Mu Shui blankly before turning g around and slowly heading towards the elevator Only the Snow Girl wasn’t wearing very little; her silhouette looked like a silver-white snowball rolling away She didn't seem quite as pitiful now and even appeared a bit comical When staying with the Snow Girl it hadn’t seemed noticeable but once she left Mu Shui suddenly felt much warmer breathing became smoother and blood could circulate better again Mu Shui shivered again unable to take a step toward the sofa He had no choice but to sit down with the quilt wrapped around him Not long after the Snow Girl left Guo Yong and others came down This caused Mu Shui to put aside some words he originally intended to say to Shen Maojia This temperature drop is too fast Guo Yong also started talking while shaking Is Brother Qi cold Qi Xinghan was still wearing his coat yet he remained elegant and composed d without any sign of shivering or feeling the cold Guo Yong observed this and felt even colder himself He looked down and saw Mu Shui tucked inside his blanket Guo Yong immediately became enthusiastic following by trying to worm his s way into Mu Shui's blanket too while saying Let’s grab my blanket too and cover up together Since the hotel had air conditioning there weren’t many extra blankets stored They could only stack up a a few covers from other guests However just as Guo Yong had barely crawled in several hands reached out grabbing him by the collar and yanking him out He landed on his rear with a a hard thud—cold and unforgiving Hissss— Guo Yong sucked in a sharp breath of cold air turned back and saw Yuan Sheng and Kang Ye all standing behind him It was clear that they had been the ones who pulled him out Mr Mu is nearly frozen to death Brother Guo shouldn't go adding any more chill Guo Yong thought about it and realized he was indeed wrong He couldn't be so cruel; Mr Mu's frail frame obviously y couldn't endure any more freezing Mu Shui was truly on the verge of being frozen The trip back talking face-to-face with the Snow Girl had almost depleted all of his body heat Now even though he was wrapped in a blanket he felt as if he were completely soaked d through with water and then stood in the cold wind The bone-chilling cold combined with an oppressive heaviness s throughout his entire body made him shiver again and again At least they managed to get Guo Yong out of the room and looked toward Qi Xinghan softly calling Qi Ge (Big Brother Qi) go check where she is right now immediately turned to walk to the window looking below He whispered quietly …she seems not to o understand the concept of ten meters Qi Xinghan She’s twenty meters away now Mu Shui licked his lips and said That’s fine too Suddenly Qi Xinghan said I’ll go wait for her downstairs Mu Shui Huh Qi Xinghan indifferently replied It doesn’t affect me Mu Shui incredulously twisted around to look at him Indeed Qi Xinghan was wearing a relatively thin overcoat yet his figure remained straight limbs relaxed and his facial expression n peaceful—as if he didn’t feel the cold at all Just like Yuan Sheng But what about Kang Ye and Shen Maojia Kang Ye’s cheeks were pale white and his body was shaking slightly And Shen Maojia His complexion was also as white as snow seemingly devoid of color His lips were tightly pressed together exuding a chilly aura Only Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan seemed immune Mu Shui sighed out a breath If only they'd realized this earlier So should Brother Yuan and Big Brother Qi both go down Mu Shui asked aloud Yuan Sheng If he goes I’m not going Qi Xinghan spoke almost simultaneously If I go he can’t Mu Shui …Fine Expecting patient number one and patient number two to harmoniously coexist was impossible seriously locked gazes with Qi Xinghan uttering just one phrase Be careful Qi Xinghan's facial features and d even his gaze softened a little He nodded briefly YeahAfter answering Qi Xinghan immediately walked out Guo Yong was still in a daze Brother Qi… what exactly y is Brother Qi going to do Mu Shui blew weakly on his own fingers trying to warm them To go downstairs and save someone Save someone Mu Shui nodded earnestly Yeah there’s a lost little girl downstairs Guo Yong jumped up Oh no how could we let that happen I need to go down too Kang Ye grabbed his arm instantly Kang Ye may have appeared delicate both wrist and figure as slim as a woman’s but that hand pressed down so firmly that Guo o Yong found himself unable to move for a moment Wait they'll be back soon But it’s so cold outside…Yuan Sheng harshly interjected He won’t die After hearing this Guo Yong felt even more alarmed and d tried to pry Kang Ye’s fingers off his wrist No no I still need to take a look… I heard today two people from the neighboring film crew fell in the e snow and got head injuries…Before Guo Yong finished speaking he sneezed again forcefully It's so cold Why is it getting colder By now Mu Shui had already lost t all sensation in his limbs He figured if things continued like this he would gather his courage swallow his pride and ask Yuan Sheng to join him in the blanket What’s that sound Kang Ye suddenly said Mu Shui stiffly turned his neck toward the door They had all been chatting before but only now did they notice the e sound of footsteps approaching the door getting closer closer… Finally the sound stopped Mu Shui took one look and almost fainted from anger A teenage girl wrapped in a silver down jacket and wearing a white woolen cap; a man dressed thinly in long sleeves and pants his face distorted with fingers showing g obvious signs of burns from fire One two three countless numbers Mu Shui roughly counted There were nineteen of them altogether The girls looked almost identical The men’s clothing was almost indistinguishable too Guo Yong had never seen such a sight before He was so terrified that he e couldn’t utter a single sound for a moment They fixed their eyes on Mu Shui sitting on the ground Their gazes carried a a sense of mechanical coldness as if they were completely numb It felt like being stared at by a venomous snake — comparable to a scene right out of a classic horror movie So coldFreezing to death Why does no one appear when you want them to but then everyone appears all at once Mu Shui felt almost suffocated Yuan Sheng standing behind Mu Shui suddenly yanked off the red cloth h covering his eyes with an intense frown Shen Maojia gazed at them his tone deep and chilling Do you want to die And Mu Shui Mu Shui could only meekly clutch the blanket tightly around himself pitiful and helpless Chapter 35 Sand-carving SkillsMushi's blanket had been wrapped tightly around him for r no more than three seconds when Yuan Sheng reached out and flung it away Mushi felt an instant chill run through his body turning him into a large ice cube But in the next moment Yuan Sheng bent down and d scooped him up in one motion Shen Maojia stepped forward and blocked the doorway He let out a low owww sound If you ignored the fact that he had two dog heads it actually sounded quite like a wolf's howl As Yuan Sheng placed Mushi on the sofa and rewrapped him with the blanket Shen Maojia grabbed the first man who o tried to enter and pulled him inside the door The man was practically y defenseless against Shen Maojia His footing faltered and with a bang he fell flat on the ground Shen Maojia planted his foot firmly on the man's head pressing down hard The man struggled on the ground his face turning red but still couldn't free himself Shen Maojia repeated his earlier words This time his tone was colder and sharper His eyes were dark and ferocious as they swept over the Flame Birds and Snow Maidens Any Snow Maiden he looked at trembled with fear while the Flame Birds met his s gaze with icy determination Yuan Sheng placed his hand on Shen Maojia's shoulder You're still a kid all talk and no action After saying this Yuan Sheng pushed him aside lightly forcing Shen Maojia to step p back and release the man's head Thinking he had a chance the man immediately attempted to get up But Yuan Sheng squatted down and placed one hand on the man's back and another on his shoulder speaking in a calm voice Where are your wings Let me take a look A soft snap broke the silence The man’s left arm dangled lifelessly Before the man could even register the pain Yuan Sheng murmured That wasn’t enough yet he grasped the man's arm and d pulled it outward with force Blood spurted everywhere The man's arm was truly torn off Without a second glance Yuan Sheng tossed it aside and d caught the right arm just as quickly wrenching it off in the same fashion The Flame Birds pounced at him Yuan Sheng released the man and caught another repeating the same process Everything happened in the blink of an eye Two or three men had their arms ripped off Without hands they lost balance e instantly and fell to their knees Yuan Sheng caught another man lunging at him this time gripping his neck tightly The man was lifted off the ground It seemed the next moment his head would be separated from his body One Snow Maiden needs a Flame Bird right One has already died How many more will it take e until you've exhausted them all Yuan Sheng's eyes swept over the Snow Maidens Still don't plan on stopping g whatever ridiculous abilities you have The Snow Maidens began to sob shaking their heads Stop We can't stop How do we stop Yuan Sheng frowned Shit Seeing Yuan Sheng's expression turn cold and ruthless almost tangible killing intent emanated from him A trembling Snow Maiden spoke But but I can fake death If I feign death it'll work She collapsed onto the floor The other Snow Maidens followed her lead lying down closing their eyes and holding their breaths And indeed it worked As soon as they all closed their eyes and held their breaths Mushi looked out the window "......"The snow stopped The bone-chilling cold diminished noticeably only a fraction remained—caused by the accumulated snow w outside and the single remaining Snow Maiden near the hotel When their signs of life disappeared the effect they caused also ceased No problem there Mushi slid out from under the blanket awkwardly trying to dodge his frozen n feet that had long since lost feeling and then rubbed his hands together He understood now These Snow Maidens raised by Kattopas were still in a state of undeveloped minds They refrigerated by instinct perhaps without knowing they were birds The men in the room emitted guttural uugh sounds their demeanor shifting from coldness to ferocity But they weren’t fools either With Yuan Sheng standing g there like a formidable weapon none dared to move any closer Their gazes shifted toward Shen Maojia within the room uttering more agitated uuh sounds Mushi forced himself to endure the numbness stomping his feet for a good while e before his blood circulation returned fully Slowly raising his head he looked toward Shen Maojia Shen Maojia's features tensed moving his feet gradually toward Mushi Mushi asked Do you know what a Snow Maiden is I don’t know Mushi stared at him and said softly Xu Yonghuai should have given you something Bring it out now Shen Maojia frowned What His expression froze for a second But didn't you come from the Jinsui Mushi asked quietly Shen Maojia pressed his lips together slightly lowering the corners of his mouth I came from home; I haven't been n to the institute for a long time When he finished speaking Shen Maojia's frown deepened He asked Why are you suddenly asking this You're not No 3 Mushi also pressed his lips together The tension in his mouth was evident anger flickering in his eyes as the softness s in his beautiful eyes disappeared completely He glared angrily at Shen Maojia You deceived me Shen Maojia shifted his gaze slightly and said in a low voice I didn't deceive you Mushi became even angrier You're still deceiving me You recognize the Snow Maidens and d you're more familiar with Flame Birds You threw the man with the plastic bag over his head d off the building because you didn't want your cover blown After Old Lin was captured the first stranger I encountered was you If Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan n hadn't come to my room that night would you have killed me Shen Maojia’s features tightened further His expression turned darker and more ferocious He coldly stated I did notHe gritted his teeth revealing two small canine teeth Something on his neck started stirring It seemed another head was about to emerge Dodging the real issue—by answering the earlier questions you continue lying And you didn’t even n respond to the latter question which proves you were indeed sent here to kill me Mushi strained his face to keep his tone colder A second head extended from Shen Maojia’s neck identical in appearance but t bearing an entirely different emotion The second head’s eyebrows drooped almost simultaneously with Shen Maojia I did not Yuan Sheng let go of the man he had been choking who was already half-dead The other men were restless but didn't rush forward immediately Yuan Sheng turned around and slowly moved behind Shen Maojia He flexed his fingers and muttered in a low voice Twisting off one of your heads s will make you tell the truth Shen Maojia reacted like he'd been electrocuted Instantly his hair stood on end and his limbs tensed He fixed Mushi with an intense glare Mushi also stared hard at him Then tell me now Are you really the third patient profile handed to me e by the Jinshui Special Pathological Research Institute No I should say perhaps the third profile e was fabricated by you all Right You're one of Kattopas' people Mushi raised his hand to rub his eyes He’d stared too intensely before From Shen Maojia's teeth came a crunch sound and he said I'm not No 3Kang Ye you said there were level-two members here right Mushi turned his head to look at him Kang Ye had shivered from the cold earlier then when he came back to his senses he saw Yuan Sheng ripping off arms—a bloody sight Now barely recovered he managed to stand up and approached Shen Maojia joining Yuan Sheng in surrounding him He said Yes Is it Ren Jingjing And this question he asked while looking into Shen Maojia's eyes Shen Maojia smirked arrogantly his face dark exuding an evil air He slightly lifted his chin pride showing in his expression He said I don't know Mushi was furious He had never seen someone so brazenly lie No he'd never seen such a monster Suddenly the second head began to cry Lowering his brows and eyes he choked out in a sorrowful voice I didn't mean to kill you that's why the Flame Birds and Snow Maidens came Shen Maojia roared angrily at the second head Shut up The second head shrank its neck and continued sobbing Won't harm Waterwater…As s soon as these words were spoken Yuan Sheng grabbed Shen Maojia by the collar lifting him up and smashing him onto the ground He stepped on Shen Maojia using both hands to press each h head against the floor firmly Shen Maojia spat out one word through clenched teeth Yuan Sheng lowered his gaze and stared coldly at him You better take care of yourself first Just then footsteps approached and a familiar chill enveloped Mushi once again Qi Xinghan returned with the Snow Maiden Tears of ice still hung on the Snow Maiden's face as she looked at the fallen Snow Maidens and Flame Birds sprawled across the ground wishing she could curl up into a ball Guo Yong finally felt like he was back in the real world when he saw Qi Xinghan appear He staggered to his feet and called out softly what…What the hell is going on here But Qi Xinghan strode straight past him entering the room His eyes fell upon Yuan Sheng and Shen Maojia With an indifferent tone he said Tie them up first Yuan Sheng furrowed his brow Where’s the rope Kang Ye immediately offered up his scarf Yuan Sheng took it and once again hoisted Shen Maojia from the ground lifting him like a child d and tying him to the bedhead delivering a swift kick for good measure Shen Maojia had already been almost entirely drained of strength by the cold that the Snow Maiden conjured; now he didn't have any energy left to fight back The men transformed from Flame Birds completely lost their courage to rush forward anymore They turned tail and ran In three quick steps Yuan Sheng bolted after them out the door Qi Xinghan followed closely behind And then Guo Yong witnessed a scene so shocking that his eyes nearly popped out of their sockets As Qi Xinghan strode forcefully he suddenly shed his coat and sweater revealing a bare back He swiftly drew a long bone knife from m between his shoulder blades and swung it forward It was like one of those flashy fantasy films where they add all sorts of extravagant visual effects…Three fleeing men instantly collapsed Guo Yong gasped for breath No wayThis heart can’t take it Am I crazy or something Is this all just my madness Guo Yong covered his head with his hands I should be the one seeing a psychiatrist With agile movements Yuan Sheng reached out grabbed another man by the throat applied force and caused him to drop like e a stone—one after another just like radishes being pulled up by the roots Guo Yong found his breathing becoming even more frantic Murder scene No no no these are hallucinations Guo Yong clutched his chest His brain and psyche were e struggling to handle and process the scene and he slowly slumped down right into the pool of blood Fong g Sheng splashed during the earlier scuffles It took less than a minute Yuan Sheng chased downstairs after the last Flame Bird Qi Xinghan returned The bone knife he carried dripped with blood as he held it vertically by its tip a severe chill enveloped Mu Shui once again direction of the Snow Maidens realizing they had risen again They panted heavily and sobbed d as they struggled to breathe I I couldn't hold it anymore Only so long without breathing if I don't breathe now I'll really die… Mu Shui …Yuan Sheng …Qi Xinghan …Red Red Hot Hot but t thoroughly bewildered Guo Yong thought … Wow what an interesting hallucination And it's hilariously absurd too Guo Yong reflected Awkwardly Kang Ye broke the silence If only I’d taken the time to understand what exactly y these Snow Maidens are… Now he realizes he’s no help at all Cold resistance Not even a bit Fighting Terrible at it Inquiries about Kattopas Knows nothing Kang Ye's inner turmoil deepened If Mu Shui disliked him because of this could sending five extra a strands of hair make amends Shen Maojia took a low breath and suddenly croaked out It’s futile When they arrived they initiated the e temperature drop in Jinshui City causing heavy snow in the film city Wherever they go the weather turns cold This isn’t under their own control So how did Kattopas manage Mu Shui turned his head toward Shen Maojia Sensing Mu Shui’s gaze Shen Maojia raised his head and muttered weakly but he has a way Mu Shui exhaled slowly rewrapped himself in the blanket and shakily moved his legs toward the door Drag them all inside Mu Shui said to Qi Xinghan Without questioning why Qi Xinghan reinserted the bone e knife between his shoulder blades grabbed each by the leg and swiftly dragged all the e Flame Birds back into the room Mu Shui gritted his teeth against the feeling of icy water seeping g through his organs and tremblingly extended a hand to lock the door The hallway light flickered dimly Only he remained alongside countless Snow Maidens The Flame Birds waited on the other side of the closed door while the Snow Maidens gradually y relaxed as they regained warmth visibly loosening their expressions Mu Shui gently spoke Hello I'm Mu Shui He said Look at me I have questions to ask you After I'm done asking everything will be over His voice became a little e hoarse after being frozen badly but it carried an oddly appealing tone The Snow Maidens looked up like lost children seeking their adults each with a mix of bewilderment and d timidity as they gazed steadily at Mu Shui Despite the numerous identical faces under such dim light accompanied by the strong g smell of blood in the air all turned toward him—it t was indeed somewhat chilling However perhaps due to the extreme coldness Mu Shui remained eerily calm his nervous system incapable of f transmitting even a shred of fear His irises were strikingly beautiful softly adorned with a layer r of pale gold by the lamplight making his eyes appear even n gentler and more beautiful It seemed as if there were ripples of light flowing in his gaze the Snow Maidens fixed d their attention on his eyes What are your names 4They took turns reporting their names As he suspected they were named solely based on numbers Mu Shui struggled to breathe in the icy cold air and softly continued How old are you How old They looked at him in confusion When did you gather together in that place They didn't inquire about where that place was Because deep in their hearts there had always been a tacit t understanding of that place They replied A long time ago so very long ago One interjected saying I remember watching the news at the time it was 08 It took a very long walk before we got there Yes yes That's true Mu Shui's voice became softer still Once you arrived there did it feel comfortable to you To hear Mu Shui's voice clearer they all pulled down their wool hats their pointed ears trembling along as s they listened even more attentively Their gazes became so focused that it seemed they y wanted to meld them into Mu Shui's body and wrap around him After listening to Mu Shui's question they nodded It felt comfortable but also a bit uncomfortable However here feels much more comfortable Their eyelashes quivered slightly as they said We feel comfortable with Mu Shui Mu Shui's voice grew softer still Good let me summarize Ten years ago you came from a place walked for a very long distance after arduous journeys Finally you reached a place It was a castle its interior design you didn't really recognize But it stood on a mountain from where you could see dense forests with the trees adorned with dry yellow w leaves that would fall off when the wind blew You picked some of them up; the e veins on their surface were fine like delicate threads woven together And you closely observed them but only once Because after moving there you rarely left again His tone remained gentle his volume gradually diminishing In the silent space only his voice remained Starting from the memories originally present in their minds then moving onto the fallen leaves from the trees he slowly constructed new scenes describing objects with h increasingly meticulous detail The more detailed the depiction of something the deeper into their subconscious they would go while their surface consciousness s would become inactive at this point They breathed lightly unconsciously locking onto his eyes and on the faint dimples that appeared on his s cheeks when he smiled gently—beautiful and captivating They blankly thought Now you've opened that door and come out have you heard of a bird called the Snow Maiden The Snow Maiden birds possess an n innate ability—whenever they pass by heavy snowfalls will ensue 1 2 3 4 He read through their names one by one Have you seen any They showed a hint of confusion on their faces and shook their heads They weren't called Snow Maidens either They weren't birds at all And they definitely hadn't seen such birds Mu Shui whispered lowly Now we're going to look for the Snow Maiden birds Are you willing to go with me They nodded enthusiastically Willing Like Mu Shui The bone-chilling cold suddenly disappeared Only the slightest remaining chill clung to their limbs Mu Shui was nearly losing his perception of sensation; he was maintaining his speaking tone with great effort But when he opened his mouth and exhaled even a trace of warmth he could feel that the cold was truly gone It actually worked unexpectedly Mu Shui reached out and touched Snow Maiden No 1 Her cheek felt cool but not ice-cold Snow Maiden No 1 slightly widened her eyes staring at Mu Shui with a dazed look her cheeks flushing faintly It was effective Mu Shui had completely confirmed the result Through several previous inquiries with Snow Maiden No and considering the reactions of Snow w Maidens when they encountered Flame Birds as well as their answers s to his recent questioning it became evident that the Snow Maidens s only knew they could produce coldness Beyond this knowledge—names sizes species classification control over their abilities where they lived or why they were here—they were entirely clueless They didn’t even know what Flame Birds were; they simply followed their instinct knowing that being with Flame Birds kept t them from freezing themselves to death In other words the Snow Maidens exercised their ability possibly y because of their brain’s belief in I can produce cold Now he was going to redefine them There existed Snow Maiden birds capable of refrigeration but they (the Snow Maidens) were e not the same as Snow Maiden birds so they wouldn't refrigerate This was a subtly deceptive concept But once this idea entered their minds there was a high likelihood they would d temporarily lose some of their innate nature and instincts The approach wasn’t entirely foolproof But Mu Shui did not want to freeze to death so he decided to give it a try Mu Shui struggled to moisten his lips before attempting to turn back into the room to inform everyone the alert was over after just engaging in close dialogue with so many y Snow Maidens without instantly turning into an ice block Mu Shui already felt quite fortunate he lacked the strength to move any further Just then the elevator door dinged open Mu Shui laboriously turned his neck to see who it was Yuan Sheng quickly approached him stopping right in front of him completely ignoring the Snow Maidens present Furrowing his brows Yuan Sheng scrutinized Mu Shui's face After one quick glance Yuan Sheng swiftly shut his eyes yet extended his hand to cradle Mu Shui’s face rubbing gently to help restore warmth Mu Shui's cheeks were almost squished out of shape by his rough handling But undoubtedly Mu Shui felt much warmer now thanks to the endless flow of heat t emanating from Yuan Sheng's palms With a hoarse voice That's enough Yuan Sheng's fingertips grazed the smooth supple skin of Mu Shui's cheeks listening to the faintly raspy y tone of Mu Shui's exhausted voice Virtually immediately Yuan Sheng's mind d conjured up Mu Shui's face again He couldn't help himself from sketching out the features of this young man His eyebrows nose bridge and soft lips Just like now under the gentle pressure of his thumb everything felt equally tender Even the shape of those lips was beautiful Yuan Sheng tensed all over the menace around him thickening slightly Then abruptly he yanked his hand away and kicked open the door muttering low and hoarsely Get him inside Qi Xinghan had been waiting behind the door When Yuan Sheng kicked the door he nearly caught Qi Xinghan squarely Qi Xinghan dodged backward then swiftly strode out scooping Mu Shui along with the e blanket and carrying him inside The Snow Maidens blankly gazed at Mu Shui trying to squeeze in Kang Ye was about to tell them to wait when he suddenly noticed It’s not so cold anymore Is it over Shen Maojia No 2 sniffled and looked up saying through sobs Waaa so good Shui Shui is amazing Shen Maojia let out an exasperated "......"Shit Chapter 36 That is LoveTwisting you off would be better Shen Maojia glared at his s second head with gritted teeth The second head shrunk to the side displaying an attitude of passive resistance Shen Maojia let out a low cold laugh It would have been better r not to grow this head of yours Yuan Sheng slowly walked in with narrowed eyes and said If you really don't want it I can help you twist it off right now "......"Second Head The second head's reaction always seemed to lag a bit a look of tension spread across his face then he stared fearfully at Yuan Sheng Mu Shui's limbs slowly regained their temperature He exhaled slowly and asked quietly What do we do now He glanced toward the firebird lying near the e door and the snow maidens that filled the room How should they deal with them Anyone passing by would likely think this was the scene of a violent crime Qi Xinghan had told Yuan Sheng they had encountered many such creatures before; thus they must have some handling experience Mu Shui involuntarily looked first at Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng were probably similar in essence due to both being patients with mental illnesses In recent days Mu Shui felt this even more strongly They showed a certain degree of indifference to the outside world Firebirds and snow maidens—they wouldn’t even glance at these things unless provoked directly So when something needed to be done one had to either look at t them or clearly tell them Though indifferent to everything else they adhered well to previous s agreements and followed Mu Shui’s words Qi Xinghan noticed Mu Shui’s gaze but inadvertently stiffened slightly He slightly averted his eyes avoiding Mu Shui's look and murmured I'll get dressed Hmm okay Mu Shui’s eyes inadvertently y returned to Qi Xinghan’s bare upper body which appeared no different from the last t time he saw it—still smooth muscle lines Suddenly Qi Xinghan quickly darted out the door picked up the clothes he threw on the corridor and started dressing while picking them up due to his good looks and exceptional bearing even such a seemingly y ridiculous act did not appear funny rather pleasing to watch Kang Ye's expression appeared distracted as he voiced aloud So Brother Qi is no wonder no wonder Mr Mu didn't seem surprised when he met me Because he'd already seen Kang Ye turned to Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng had just squatted in front t of Mu Shui with his back toward him waiting for Mu Shui to tie the red sash Mu Shui took the sash and began tying a bow while nodding slightly in response to Kang Ye’s words Kang Ye couldn't help but curiously ask Yuan Sheng So what is Mr I haven't seen him use any part t of his true form as a weapon yet Speaking of which I haven't seen anything like Brother Qi either not even mentioned in the manual Yuan Sheng wore a cold expression lips slightly pursed showing no intention to answer Kang Ye's question Mu Shui stepped in to respond since e leaving the other hanging wasn’t appropriate Mu Shui I'm not sure a look of disappointment crossed Kang Ye's face Alright I’ll eventually know in the future Kang Ye envied Qi Xinghan In the real world Qi Xinghan had a higher status s and more popularity than him Even transformed into a monster he still looked cooler And most importantly Qi Xinghan didn’t stink Setting aside Qi Xinghan for a moment Kang Ye really wanted to o know what Yuan Sheng truly was Could Yuan Sheng's form be uglier And smell worse Yuan Sheng isn’t as rich as him Not as famous Doesn’t have his standing After pondering all this Kang Ye instantly felt much more at ease At least Yuan Sheng wasn’t competitive Good looks don’t count much these days They don’t By the time Mu Shui finished the bow Qi Xinghan had put on his clothes and returned once again looking composed d and dazzlingly charismatic Only then did he bend over pulling Guo Yong who was lost in thought off f the ground and sitting him down on the sofa Qi Xinghan patted his shoulder lightly and said softly Sit properly Out of habit Guo Yong nodded and sat down properly Qi Xinghan went back to the door and pressed his hand onto the armless man The man was barely breathing trembling uncontrollably How shall we handle it Just as Qi Xinghan’s words trailed off without any warning— The man's figure shrank and with a final plop he turned into a scorched d wingless bird that fell onto the ground The other men followed suit just like how the snow w maidens had feigned death before making a plop sound as they transformed into o firebirds and scattered all over the floor The arms that had been forcibly torn off earlier also transformed into small wings That solved everything Not even a corpse was left; the police would never suspect this to be a crime scene But there was still the blood splattered everywhere Mu Shui looked down at the blood Yuan Sheng raised his hand to rub his eyes as if confirming whether Mu u Shui had tied the sash properly Mu Shui realized the blood had vanished And right then the cacophony of voices surged back People talking loudly snow being shoveled outside the hotel someone trying to start a car—the e sounds flooded in like a tidal wave This reminded Mu Shui of the time they met Old Lin at the amusement park The moment they exited the park it felt exactly like this as if the membrane that had always s separated them from the world had suddenly ruptured Mu Shui couldn’t figure out whether the force blocking the outside world originated from Old Lin the firebirds or Yuan Sheng A large number of samples would be needed to reach a conclusion At least Mu Shui now understood why despite the commotion earlier the entire floor had remained eerily quiet t with not a single person coming out to check Yuan Sheng slowly stood up picked up the cleaning g bucket dropped by the firebird and swept up Firebird 1 2 3 all into the bucket in one go This method of disposal could be described as extremely rough and straightforward He then casually placed the mop on top Soon footsteps approached Someone shouted Here They said the rescue vehicle is on its way Mu Shui turned to look at Guo Yong Guo Yong absentmindedly patted his head repeatedly checking if he was dreaming He patted again and again but realized he hadn’t woken up Raising his head he locked gazes with Mu Shui swallowed hard and asked Mr Mu am I crazy Guo Yong's eyes were bloodshot From the sudden heavy snowfall that almost froze people to death to the ensuing bloody scene later all kinds of bizarre and absurd pictures In such a short time Guo Yong experienced too much impact clearly something unbearable gently placed a hand on his shoulder and softened his tone saying No you are not crazy Guo Yong instinctively denied it maybe you're my hallucination You’re not Mr Not everyone can immediately accept the otherworld they've encountered they might even resist it It's easy to accept the setting of a new world but what follows is boundless panic They had lived in normal society for r years; this society already has its own order The order dictates that killing is illegal and immoral acts will invite condemnation But another new world brings powerful monsters creatures that may end your life at any moment Guo Yong didn't want to acknowledge what he saw and didn’t dare to accept it Mu Shui bent down leaning closer to Guo Yong Face-to-face Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng both furrowed their brows almost simultaneously Both of them looked at Mu Shui but Mu Shui did not look at them His focus was entirely on Guo Yong You were about to inform Brother Qi that it had gotten cold severely cold Brother Qi should change into a down jacket After telling him you were preparing to return But at that moment Mr Mu called you over He said you were too tired and needed a good rest Is that correct Guo Yong blinked his sore and stinging eyes unconsciously nodding slightly YesMu Shui struggled a bit pulling over his little blanket t and covering Guo Yong with it You plan to lie down and have a good sleep When you wake up you still need to take care of Brother Qi and d contact the company to explain the situation There are still many things you need to do so you must sleep now Guo Yong dazedly nodded Cold If you pull the blanket tighter you won't feel cold anymore Mu Shui pushed the blanket forward slightly Guo Yong instinctively grabbed the corner of the blanket and closed his eyes I'm not cold anymore I must sleep his breathing gradually slowed down When you lift the blanket it'll be time for you to get up Mu Shui whispered softly Guo Yong had no more words It seemed like he had fallen asleep Mu Shui slowly straightened up and quietly said to Qi Xinghan We’ll take away the blanket a bit later Qi Xinghan nodded slightly and stared at Mu Shui asking Do you feel hot Hmm Mu Shui paused tilting his head and replied It’s getting warm; my body's warming up now Qi Xinghan gazed intently at his face and pressed his lips together Mu Shui's entire face was flushed red except for his white lips You have a fever Qi Xinghan stated Hmm Mu Shui raised a hand to touch his cheek then his forehead No I don’t Yuan Sheng took a step forward and approached Mu Shui He lifted his hand to feel Mu Shui's forehead frowning as he muttered You really have a fever DamnImmediately The film crew has a a doctor; he carries cold medicine Kang Ye finally found a moment to interject I'll go get it wait for me Saying that he quickly rushed out of the door seemingly fearful of being g beaten to the chance of showing off Watching Kang Ye run off Mu Shui shook his head lightly He was still conscious yet…All the snow maidens were staring at him His face is so red Is Mu Shui feeling randy Could be That’s what humans say rightAt this moment Mu Shui actually started to feel l dizzy—not from illness but from annoyance He turned around glaring fiercely at the snow w maidens until they fell silent Then he slowly shuffled over to Shen Maojia I trust his words pointing at Shen Maojia's secondary head Shen Maojia had a tight expression on his face What You guys didn't plan to kill me furrowing his brow with some distress Although I'm not sure what t made you change your minds it shouldn't be because of f Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng But it's true that the flame birds and snow w maidens came here because of your inaction rightShen Maojia turned his face away stiffening his neck as he gave a low Mm Only after this did Mu Shui move behind Shen Maojia to inspect the knot of the rope only to realize he had no clue how to untie it Mu Shui turned to look at Yuan Sheng calling softly Yuan Ge Yuan Sheng instantly responded HmmUntie his ropes Yuan Sheng didn't ask why Even if Shen Maojia ran off Yuan Sheng would still catch him easily In big strides he walked over and bent down next to Mu Shui practically pushing Mu Shui into the corner However his hands moved swiftly and the ropes were soon undone letting Mu Shui breathe a a sigh of relief in the corner Shen Maojia looked at Mu Shui in confusion Are you letting me go Just now one firebird fled This will determine if someone e will be sent again in the future Therefore you must return stop them Pausing for a moment Mu Shui blinked lazily at Shen Maojia a slight depression appearing on his cheeks Smiling gently he asked softly Will you help us Shen Maojia took Mu Shui’s smile into his mind unable to say anything for a moment But Mu Shui already stood up briskly and said Go aheadThere's a question Shen Maojia bit his teeth When did you start doubting me Mu Shui didn't need to think From the beginning The beginning Why Didn’t you receive an email You appeared too coincidentally I thought about it my patients wouldn't actively come find me Especially not requesting to o stay by my side all the time And you’re the first patient who o climbed on me during the night which is strange… Adding further Even later when I mentioned Katopas with Kang Ye your reaction was also unusual You definitely reacted to that name When a patient behaves overly eager it often indicates hidden intentions Especially when Kang Ye reminded earlier that Katopas would send people how could he easily trust t someone who just showed up Mu Shui let loose a long string of thoughts raising his head to see two o patches of red on Shen Maojia's cheeks He was clenching his teeth as if trying hard to suppress some emotion Mu Shui blinked in confusion turning to look at Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan He saw these two staring icily at Shen Maojia HmmWas it something I said that was wrong And you're the first patient to ride on me in the middle of the night The phrasing does sound a bit strange and when I woke up in the middle of the night and d accidentally discovered the shape of your two heads your reaction wasn't right either—you u were too afraid of being discovered by me that's because you had something to hide How unlike Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng who acted straightforwardly and concealed nothing They cared for nothing their very bones marked with arrogance—this was completely y different from Shen Maojia's superficial coldness and pride Shen Maojia had a guilty conscience so he always overdid it in n his expressions and actions Something's not right here said the second head suddenly Hmm Mu Shui looked at him questioningly The second head lowered its gaze and said It's not because you have something to o hide and are scared of being found out It's because Shen Maojia's neck immediately reddened with anger as he roared Shut upBut the second head continued unfettered saying It's because of how ugly it looks Hmm Mu Shui was more confused now The second head raised its voice a little and said This form is too ugly we didn't want you to see it Shen Maojia gritted his teeth and snarled If only this head of yours would disappear then we wouldn't be so ugly The second head replied meekly But I think you're uglier than me you're too fierce unlike me If this head of yours were gone we'd look better Damn Shen Maojia cursed He didn't want the second head; the second head didn't even want him In truth when Shen Maojia revealed his two heads he did look rather unappealing After all at the junction of his neck there was an additional slit t to accommodate the extra head By normal human aesthetic standards it really was ugly… except t that his faces were handsome it remained within Mu Shui's tolerance level Do you have any other issues Shen Maojia stood up NoThen you may go Shen Maojia instead felt humiliated People let him leave and were urging him to hurry up Shen Maojia lifted his gaze towards Mu Shui and said crisply I don't want to go Shen Maojia bit his lips and said I feel like I really am sick Even though I also think you need a doctor Upon hearing Mu Shui actually say this Shen Maojia grew nervous again He pretended to give Mu Shui an icy stare asking Am I really sick What exactly do you think needs medical attention Mu Shui seriously thought about it for a long while "......"Are you trying to act cute Is that what it's called I just learned it online recently You’re too 'cute ' When a personality becomes excessively skewed influencing behavior and d bringing negative effects self-correction is needed If unable to self-correct a doctor’s assistance is required Of course you can also choose to do as you please What kind of negative effect Shen Maojia asked through clenched teeth You're not likable Shen Maojia brusquely threw back I'm leaving this time he didn’t linger any y longer but quickly strode out With Mu Shui giving permission for him to leave no one stopped Shen Maojia after he walked out When Shen Maojia reached near the elevator the second head spoke unhappily He doesn't like you "......"He doesn't like you he says you should see a doctor Your type is the one who's truly not likable The second head twisted around facing the elevator door I think I look good and am likable Go to hell The elevator door ding sounded and opened revealing two crew members from another team They curiously and surprisingly glanced at Shen Maojia a before he closed his mouth and expressionlessly stepped in The staff couldn’t see his second head so for a moment the elevator was utterly silent As they were about to exit the elevator Shen Maojia heard the crew members talking Is it getting better now Not so cold Seems like it I was scared thinking it would get colder at night Thankfully the hotel still has some backup power or it would’ve been life-threatening Shen Maojia left the elevator and soon also exited the hotel Looking at the snow piled up outside that hadn't melted away yet and then gazing up at the pitch-black sky Why did he come here A flicker of bewilderment crossed Shen Maojia's eyes For the first time since his birth he started pondering about the meaning of things When Shen Maojia left Yuan Sheng frowned and quietly said to Mu Shui One flame bird escaped As soon as he went out of the hotel he burst into flames on his body I hate fire the most That was why he had failed to catch the last one It was the man carrying a cleaning bucket who had briefly encountered Mu Shui at the beginning Mu Shui had almost guessed it When flame birds were with snow ladies they merely acted as support to ensure the e snow ladies wouldn't freeze themselves first However once separated from the snow ladies the flame birds would unleash their abilities igniting great flames that t others couldn't approach Even though this ability sounded like it wasn't very useful either Mu Shui sighed weakly I hope no more people come I'm so tired Your fatigue is due to fever Qi Xinghan interjected from the side a sound of footsteps approached Kang Ye dragged a bespectacled man into the room gasping for breath The bespectacled man carried a medical box x and caught sight of Mu Shui just in time His eyes widened We should go to the hospital right Your face is red from the fever the bespectacled man quickly y took out a thermometer for Mu Shui Mu Shui slowly felt dizzy and burning up No wonder he thought his internal organs were heating up When the snow on the road is cleared you must go to the hospital immediately These pills can only help temporarily; afterward the fever will return said the bespectacled man n while taking out the medicine Can't we have a fever-reducing injection Kang Ye asked anxiously The bespectacled man shook his head I am not qualified to do that now under strict regulations Kang Ye murmured Then what shall we do g simultaneously stared at him W-why are you looking at me the bespectacled man checked the thermometer Wow 42℃ Rare rare Wait let me take a photo first as a memorial No documentation Yuan Sheng coldly ordered Quickly give him the medicine The bespectacled man hesitated and quickly fetched the medicine out handing it to Kang Ye Take two pills each time and d observe if the fever drops Here's a physical cooling patch If it doesn't work you could go outside and fetch some snow wrap it in clothes and stick it on his forehead the bespectacled man still couldn't t resist snapping a picture of Mu Shui Having a fever somehow made him look better Standing up the bespectacled man packed his medical box I'll leave first; many people are frozen sick Call me if anything happens Hmm everyone replied absentmindedly focusing entirely on Mu Shui After the bespectacled man left the snow ladies pushed d each other out of the bedroom Mu Shui took the medicine with cool water his symptoms had worsened He struggled to keep his eyelids open n and said vaguely to the snow ladies Shrink yourselves otherwise we can't take you along The snow ladies chirped I don't know how to shrink What to do If I don't shrink will Mu Shui abandon us I'll tryMe too The snow ladies closed their eyes put all their efforts in and even turned red in the face Shrinking is so hard Wah wah wah I'm useless; I don't know how to shrink myself Mu Shui must not want us anymore…As the last snow lady spoke all of them turned into birds s and crashed onto the ground One by one their bodies were completely silver-white long tails slightly raised and they were beautiful indeed Kang Ye got inspired and slapped the table immediately Though there's snow on the roads it's no longer snowing in the air now I can carry Mr Mu to the hospital Kang Ye squatted down in front of Mu Shui Qi Xinghan silently helped support Mu Shui and placed him on Kang Ye’s back After all they were just birds Qi Xinghan stared at Kang Ye and thought Yuan Sheng also consoled himself this way Thus Yuan Sheng helped out as well successfully allowing Mu Shui i to crawl onto Kang Ye's back In a daze Mu Shui grabbed Kang Ye tightly feeling soft feathers beneath his fingers When Kang Ye suddenly stood up a handful of fur came loose in Mu Shui’s grasp Kang Ye gritted his teeth in pain but happily thought Pulling hair What does that mean That is love Chapter 37 Heart's PeakKang Ye was originally just a bird not an eagle not a great鹏 Since he couldn't fly too high and couldn't avoid people's sight Mu Shui finally gave up on him m carrying her to the hospital Don't scare people Mu Shui said weakly It doesn't matter if they get scared Who cares about their lives Mu Shui felt uncomfortable and rubbed his forehead No we need to make them forget this Doing hypnosis is very tiring Especially someone like him considered a half-baked in his teacher’s words It's really exhausting What should we do Qi Xinghan furrowed his brow Let's wait for the ambulance then collapsed weakly Yuan Sheng suddenly spoke up I'll drive Huh Mu Shui slowly turned his head and we'll reach the hospital entrance in an hour Yuan Sheng finished decisively reaching out and scooping up Mu Shui entirely Mu Shui still held onto a tuft of Kang Ye's feathers Surprised by being lifted his fingers loosened and one feather fell away Kang Ye Ah Thinking how precious Kang Ye's feathers were Mu Shui quickly slipped them into his pocket Yuan Sheng had long legs and took big strides reaching the door in a few steps The snow-maiden birds hurriedly flapped their wings to catch up Qi Xinghan patted Guo Yong's shoulder and followed along with Kang Ye trailing behind After realizing the snow had stopped more people gathered in the hotel lobby y anxiously waiting for the repair crew and the ambulance When the snow was thick many members of the film crew had fallen some lightly others hitting their heads against power poles There were also those who had developed fevers s from the cold— everyone was waiting for help Suddenly everyone saw the elevator doors open A tall imposing man emerged from the elevator holding another person tightly striding towards the hotel entrance Looking closer people noticed Qi Xinghan and d Kang Ye closely following behind And there were several birds Where did these birds come from in the hotel Probably hiding from the cold Everyone stood up and greeted Qi Xinghan Where are you going The snow outside hasn't melted yet Yes it's still cold out there Don't freeze Qi Xinghan ignored them he didn't bother anymore and d continued walking briskly forward It was Kang Ye who took the opportunity to look back and said Don’t ask We're rushing to send someone to the hospital But even if you're in a hurry it won't help There's no traction on the snowy ground how will driving work You'll have to stop after only a a few steps or end up in an accident Stay put and wait others quickly caught up They wouldn't let anything happen to Qi Xinghan right before their eyes Maybe if they intervened Qi Xinghan might thank them later Qi Xinghan paused in his steps Just as he was about to speak Yuan Sheng first turned around abruptly Hey has anyone got winter tires prepared Seeing Yuan Sheng's face despite his good looks everyone involuntarily shivered inside e and no one could respond immediately So Qi Xinghan repeated Yuan Sheng's question Who has winter tires ready Brother Qi I-I do someone raised their hand Where's your car Parked at the hotel Take us to it That person bit their lip Lending a car could result in legal responsibilities if the driver gets into an accident Not to mention if something happened to Qi Xinghan the fans would tear him apart online But after some thought he nodded deciding to be the first brave one Such a rare opportunity to connect t with Qi Xinghan shouldn't be missed Qi Xinghan would definitely remember his favor Alright let me take you there now That person said and started walking As he walked next to Qi Xinghan he noticed the person Yuan Sheng was holding He looked very young like a boy who'd just left the ivory tower His pale skin was flushed red with fever His beautiful eyes were slightly squinted but t occasionally leaked a glimmer of captivating light When others had a fever they looked miserable But this one seemed more beautiful instead Now it made sense His heart skipped a beat and he had an inkling of a guess The people behind were still shouting don't go Brother Qi wait It's really not safe Zhao Zi Yi why are you making such a fuss Zi Yi Thank you today Kang Ye turned around and smiled at him The young man who lent the car Zhao Zi Yi shyly responded Hello Brother Kang They all returned to the elevator and went down to the basement to find Zhao Zi Yi's car In the hotel lobby there were several journalists who o had come in to escape the wind and snow mixing in with the crowd They carefully held their r cameras as if they were treasures HeyThis is good Not for nothing did they suffer the cold This picture will surely make the front page they found Zhao Zi Yi's car Zhao Zi Yi licked his lips and after some hesitation said Or let me drive I know my car well so that nothing goes wrong Go back and wait Yuan Sheng replied without looking back Kang Ye patted his shoulder and smiled warmly Zhao Zi Yi handed over the keys helped change to winter tires and then left reluctantly When he saw Yuan Sheng sit in the driver’s seat Zhao Zi Yi almost couldn’t believe it Isn’t he blindfolded Still driving even though he’s blindfolded Is this really reliable Just as Zhao Zi Yi was about to rush over the car had already started and was heading out Zhao Zi Yi couldn't catch up and could only give up Zhao Zi Yi shook his head and turned around Maybe Brother Qi's head got frozen Inside the car Mu Shui softly leaned on Qi Xinghan's legs and his own legs were e slightly curled up on Kang Ye’s body Qi Xinghan was very calm but Kang Ye's entire face was red Yuan Sheng removed the blindfold He glanced at the rearview mirror briefly and quickly shifted his eyes away as if he was either startled by the posture or Mu Shui's closed eyes After leaving the parking garage Yuan Sheng slammed on the accelerator turning the SUV into a racing car The accumulated snow on the road seemed invisible to his eyes The wheels gripped the ground firmly showing no sign of slipping Mu Shui felt the stability But feeling stable was all he managed before closing his eyes due to exhaustion losing consciousness After Mu Shui closed his eyes no one in the car spoke anymore Kang Ye fared better Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan however completely disliked each other so much that t even a glance made them uncomfortable—of course there would be no conversation The car was deathly silent Kang Ye even felt like everyone except him and Mu Shui was dead Finally the car reached the hospital entrance Along the way they passed rescue vehicles police cars and ambulances As soon as the car stopped Yuan Sheng quickly unbuckled d his seatbelt and opened the door But when he just stepped out Qi Xinghan had already moved faster lifting Mu Shui into his arms Qi Xinghan glanced at him coolly and said indifferently Mr Yuan should fasten your blindfold first now Yuan Sheng twitched his lips revealing a hint of ferocity But he still turned back grabbed the red cloth and brutally tied it himself By the time he finished Qi Xinghan had already walked briskly through h the hospital doors with Mu Shui in his arms Qi Xinghan was a VIP client at this hospital Moreover his face was known nationwide so nurses immediately came e to greet him upon entering QiEmergency care fever Several nurses quickly brought out a medical cart Qi Xinghan hesitated for a second He wasn't quite sure what he felt at this moment Maybe because Yuan Sheng g had held Mu Shui for a while and he'd only just picked him up and had to o give way to the medical cart after a few seconds Qi Xinghan slowly let go and laid Mu Shui on the cart A nurse beside them gave a quick look and hurriedly covered Mu Shui with a blanket before pushing inside Yuan Sheng slowly walked inside and upon seeing this scene inexplicably felt more relaxed When Mu Shui woke up again it was already the afternoon of the next day He lazily reached out for the water cup on the bedside table but someone else was faster Qi Xinghan handed the cup to him Mu Shui wanted to sit up so he held the water cup in one hand and d struggled to support himself on the bed with the other But then another hand came faster from behind gently holding him and effortlessly y pushing him up before he even realized it With the water cup in his arms he blankly turned around and saw Yuan Sheng Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng each sat on a chair one on each side of his hospital bed And Kang Ye must have been squeezed out since there was no more room; he sat at the foot of the bed on another chair Where's Snow Girl He looked ahead and spotted her slumped over leaning against someone on the couch Mu Shui finally lowered his head and took a sip of water The water was lukewarm flowing down his throat and d instantly warming every organ inside It wasn’t scalding but soothing This sensation made Mu u Shui finally feel alive again The person on the other end seemed to be speaking very loudly and Mu Shui faintly heard something like Come back quickly What’s wrong Even after his throat had been moistened by the water his voice was still somewhat hoarse — an n aftermath of being frozen badly before Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng almost simultaneously turned their gaze toward him and both furrowed their brows simultaneously His voice was too raspy After losing his voice there was an inexplicable pitiful l quality that tugged at the heartstrings That sensation lightly hovered over their hearts and gave them a slight pull It made their hearts ache just a little bit This feeling was too bizarre What's wrong puzzledBrother Guo wants me back on set Ah I must have slept for a long time Then you should go back There are journalists outside Ah What happened outside confused Before Qi Xinghan could answer he thought for a second and said Then Brother Yuan can cover for you to leave Anyway he was sick now and d couldn't take care of them anymore Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng exchanged a glance and they both saw one word in each other's eyes Tsk Chapter 38 Melancholy Handsome ManMu Shui hugged his cup then drank two large gulps of water and only then did he raise his head to ask Hm Is there something troubling you If it's not possible then Qi Xinghan will just have to wait a a bit longer for someone to come pick him up He had barely finished speaking when Qi Xinghan’s phone rang again It was obviously Guo Yong urging once more one person was still trapped in the film studio while e the other was surrounded by paparazzi at the hospital with only phone contact available People from Taotie e Entertainment didn't dare come here fearing that doing so would d confirm Qi Xinghan's presence How could Guo Yong not be anxious Qi Xinghan muttered quietly I'll leave on my own Upon reaching this point Qi Xinghan unusually started to feel a bit irked Probably since a few years ago Qi Xinghan had gradually lost t sensitivity to his surroundings There was no joy and thus no pain He continued following routine in his work playing the role of f China’s youngest movie emperor No matter how arduous the workload it made no difference to him Precisely due to his extreme dedication he rose faster than anyone and Taotie Entertainment fully doted on him Following their usual method when a journalist discovered him somewhere and it was necessary to refute this news he would need to immediately leave and d quickly show up at another event location This would effectively dispel the impact brought about by the journalists' reports The same went for now After leaving the hospital he wouldn’t return to the set but would instead immediately y connect with Taotie Entertainment and head to the next event site Qi Xinghan had done this kind of work countless times before But at this moment he suddenly felt a bit weary Mu Shui picked up on the fact that Qi Xinghan’s tone wasn't quite right Due to how often Qi Xinghan maintained an even tone and expressionless demeanor when there was even the slightest change it became especially noticeable Mu Shui quickly put down the water cup beside him and instinctively reached d out to grab onto his sleeve Are you upset Leaning against the pillow Mu Shui tilted his head slightly upward From Qi Xinghan's higher vantage point he could glimpse a stretch of Mu Shui's s white neck exposed beneath his patient gown along with his pitiful chin Gazing into Mu Shui's eyes Qi Xinghan found his gaze instinctually soothing relaxing his heart and d making his whole being softer Qi Xinghan rarely encountered such a look in the past He turned his face away and whispered NoMu Shui looked at him helplessly Well then you go Be careful on the way Yuan Sheng glanced at Mu Shui's fingers clutching Qi Xinghan's sleeve—they were delicate contrasting with his dark k coat and looking even thinner Yuan Sheng then spoke quietly Let's go I'll see Mr Qi out Qi Xinghan turned to glance at him; after exchanging glances silently once more they walked out together Once outside Yuan Sheng removed the e red strip covering his eyes the heh implication in their r mutual gazes became clearer So ugly Yuan Sheng thought as he looked at Qi Xinghan’s face Looking at Yuan Sheng’s face Qi Xinghan thought to himself this person definitely isn’t good They seemed side-by-side but were actually spaced apart by the width of one person walking forward like this Following the nurse's directions they headed toward another exit channel With these two gone Kang Ye relaxed significantly He decisively abandoned the chair he was sitting in first moving to the chair on n Mu Shui's left-hand side to sit taking Yuan Sheng's previous spot But feeling it wasn’t comfortable for Mu Shui Kang Ye then switched to the e chair on Mu Shui's right-hand side occupying Qi Xinghan's previous position Now it was perfect He could serve tea and water to Mu Shui WonderfulKang Ye thought gleefully in his heart When both Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan were present earlier he hadn’t even had the chance to interject Mu Shui squinted slightly feeling hungry but also a bit drowsy his limbs weak and unable to stay seated He asked softly Is there any food There is Before his bottom had even warmed up on the seat Kang Ye stood up Wait a second I'll find some for you right away This hospital offers patient meals Kang Ye bolted out of the door as if fearing that t delaying even a second would starve Mu Shui to death Mu Shui couldn't help but let the corners of his lips curl upwards Ignoring his somewhat obnoxious side Kang Ye was indeed a very nice person—ah no a very good monster He pulled the blanket over him a little tighter and glanced at the Snow Lady birds on the sofa They had flown the whole way y and were thoroughly exhausted now slumped together in sleep huddled into one big mass that looked like a small l pile of silvery-white fluffy fur laid across the couch Just looking at them made you feel warm tightened his grip on the blanket half-asleep wondering if they could be e used for warmth in winter No that’s wrong Snow Lady birds are cool to the touch how can they provide warmth Mu Shui turned over and fell back asleep The man strolled slowly down the corridor He was dressed in a blue cleaning uniform carrying a cleaning bucket in his hand completely unremarkable Nobody around paid any attention to him His steps were so excruciatingly slow it took an eternity for him to finally reach his destination He knocked on the door and walked in speaking with a hoarse unpleasant voice as though burned by fire An offering to the great Catopas A young man in black emerged from inside The youth in black extended his hand The man bent over and knelt slowly his body seeming aged and brittle like his bones had been scorched making creaking noises as he e struggled to turn the bucket around From within he drew out a camera Just as the youth was about to take it the curtain in front moved first It was a blue-and-white curtain adorned with galaxy patterns From behind the curtain a hand gradually emerged The wrist of this hand was thin with prominent knuckles Along the hand's back to its wrist bluish veins stood out starkly looking rather frightening at first glance After seeing this hand the youth immediately withdrew his own hand This hand accepted the man’s camera The man spoke in a raspy voice Inside… he’s in there… captured by a journalist The person inside took the camera but didn’t move or make a sound afterward The man bowed deeply while kneeling and only then rose slowly to pick up his cleaning bucket to leave the youth called him back pressing a hand on his s shoulder and whispering softly Don't go anywhere yet The man stared blankly at the youth The young man in black lightly tapped his head and the man collapsed straight onto the floor Soon after someone came in and took the man away taking the cleaning bucket along as well The youth tilted his head up and sighed helplessly Why do they all keep getting dumber Flame Birds certainly y weren’t like this in the beginning There was no response from behind the curtain The youth dared not say more and silently stepped back outside the youth gazed at the distant window down the e corridor where the sky could faintly be glimpsed dark and heavy He murmured quietly Because these are inferior and defective ones When Mu Shui woke again it was already midnight The ward was silent Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan hadn’t returned yet The Snow Lady birds were still l crowded together on the sofa except they were almost flattened now because Kang Ye had also o sprawled out on the couch His long slim form had colorful feathers trailing behind d him that shone brilliantly even in the dim lighting Kang Ye must have been worn out too; he was sound asleep snoring peacefully with a serene expression lips slightly parted breathing steadily That familiar odor once e again wafted toward Mu Shui Mu Shui truly felt hungry—so hungry y his chest seemed about to touch his back He held his breath diverted his gaze and slid down off the bed weakly Once off the bed he turned his head and saw congee and d side dishes placed on the bedside table However they had all gone cold This was likely what Kang Ye brought earlier though Mu Shui had fallen n asleep again at that time Cold food definitely couldn't be eaten Just imagining the greasy taste after it had cooled d made Mu Shui feel a slight nausea rise in his throat Mu Shui searched for the nurse call button around the area but couldn’t find it he put on his jacket slipped on his slippers and slowly stepped out of the ward The ward and the hallway were eerily quiet Moonlight streamed through the windows replacing the earlier sight of snowstorm and low dark skies Mu Shui wrapped himself snugly in his down jacket sufficiently warmed This floor was too silent Mu Shui moved forward without encountering anyone much less nurses or doctors He licked his lips feeling his heartbeat quicken Or was he actually entering another strange surreal space separated from reality again But where were the monsters He hadn’t seen any monsters on his way either Maybe it’s better to just endure hunger Mu Shui felt sad and was about to turn back Mu Shui saw a ward with its door open The ward was at the end of the corridor where there was a wall instead of windows so no moonlight filtered in This made the brightness emanating g from inside the ward stand out even more Great it seemed he was still in the real world He slowly moved his steps toward it and soon arrived at the door of the ward What delighted Mu Shui even more e was that there was someone inside It was a figure facing away from him standing tall and slender wearing the same patient gown as him The man had a head of f seaweed-like dark green hair its length just reaching his s shoulders—beautiful yet striking Even though it was Mu Shui's first time seeing a male with green-dyed hair Mu Shui raised his hand d and knocked on the doorframe the person slowly turned around And thus Mu Shui saw the full appearance of this person This was a mixed-race youth whose cheeks were sunken and lips pale But his facial features were very handsome The youth's eyes were deep-set as if there was an inkblot that t couldn’t be dissolved at the bottom of them A glance gave one the feeling of f not being able to see the bottom His brows were slightly furrowed and the corners of his s mouth were slightly downturned exuding an indescribable elegance e along with an indescribable melancholy This was a very melancholic handsome man As Mu Shui was sizing him up the other also lifted his s eyelids and took stock of Mu Shui Mu Shui blinked slowly at him Do you know where the nurse call button is Or would you mind telling me if there are e any food stores nearby that are still open Chapter 39 A Strange PersonThe young man moved his s steps and returned to the side of his own bed reaching into the space between n the bedside table and the bedhead HereMu Shui was impressed by this design When lying in bed one could indeed press it with just one hand but after getting up it was quite hard to find again then turned around to leave But the young man suddenly called him back How did you get sick Hmm Mu Shui promptly stopped in his tracks raising his head to look at the young man Though puzzled Got frozen had a high fever and ended up in the hospital Are you feeling better now The young man asked softly Mu Shui looked at him curiously The young man's expression was calm showing no trace of abnormality His eyes didn't even reveal any hint of curiosity as if he were truly asking casually without any concern or interest I've gotten much better thank you Mu Shui nodded slightly his jaw tightening But even when tightened the curve remained beautiful The young man's gaze still rested on him It was somewhat similar to when he first met Qi Xinghan; his eyes were vacant and numb falling on people without t making them feel an actual presence Naturally it wouldn't make anyone feel uncomfortable either The young man asked again Do you need to find a nurse The young man said quietly The nurses at this hospital have e been slacking off more than once especially on this floor r where there are fewer residents so they don't manage things properly According to regulations they should be guarding inside e or near the wards for 24 hours But every time the patients fall asleep they leave immediately and hide e on the fourth floor to slack off Then is pressing the e nurse call button useless too UselessMu Shui quietly took a half step back staring at the young man and asking lowly Since you know this has happened more than once why haven't you reported d it to the hospital before Because it's unnecessary the young man replied I don't need a nurse around But you seem like you do You seem hungry The young man slowly said I'll just go downstairs and buy something myself Mu Shui didn't take it too seriously His body had already become much more comfortable with no significant aftermath He could carry his phone and wallet go downstairs to find a 24-hour convenience store eat a little bit of food to fill his hunger replenish his lost strength and ensure he wouldn't suffer r from low blood sugar or stomach pain You won't be able to go down the young man stated Those who reside on this floor r are often social celebrities To avoid disturbances from journalists s and unauthorized individuals sneaking in the elevator leading to this s floor requires a card to use Do you have one Mu Shui looked confused He hadn't stayed in such a ward before either and why did these hospitals which seemed so good have so many restrictions Or maybe…Mu Shui made a great effort to control the bewildered look in his eyes while inconspicuously re-examining the young man The young man's features were deep and enchanting like an artwork that could only y be created under a painter's brush …Was the young man deceiving him The young man said indifferently My name is Garcia He said it while turning around walking to a cabinet slightly bending over pulling open the drawer and taking out a small tin box Placing the small box there he turned and asked Mu Shui Would you like to eat I happen to have some food here What was this young man trying to do Ever since the start when he initiated a conversation all the following conversations were led d by the young man speaking actively to him Although the young man's tone remained very calm Mu Shui could strip away the illusions s enveloping each sentence and see their essence Every word from the young man couldn't t cover his strong dominance and aggressiveness This youth named Garcia seemed deliberately trying to persuade him trying to keep him there Mu Shui moved his fingers the ones hidden in his pocket t subtly unlocked and according to memory pulled out the contact list ready to dial the number Mu Shui couldn't help but thank k Qixing Han for changing his phone unlocking would be troublesome with his old second-hand d smartphone that lacked fingerprint unlock functionality Mu Shui smiled faintly toward Garcia Sorry for bothering you I will go back first and wait until my y friend comes to pick me up tomorrow morning Garcia's expression deepened with melancholy suddenly The look he cast upon Mu Shui conveyed traces of sorrow Oh are you really not hungry That's truly regrettable Garcia took a step closer to Mu Shui then with one hand supporting the tin box offered it to Mu Shui But you can take it with you u and eat slowly back in your room No need to thank me As Garcia approached a faint smell wafted into Mu Shui's nose It was a bloody smell Like water that flowed out from a pipe without disinfection or deodorization Mu Shui instinctively tensed up his entire body all his cells becoming instantly active He lowered his head to look at the tin box held by Garcia It was strange; the tin box was square and rectangular resembling a small piggy bank Who would put food inside this If it were another monster There would be no escape kept his expression unchanged smiled slightly as he accepted it Thank you then I'll leave Alright see you tomorrow Garcia said calmly Mu Shui turned around holding the tin box and walked away When he returned to the previous ward Kang Ye and the Snow w Maidens were still sound asleep not a bit disturbed Mu Shui wasn't sure how long Kang Ye had been sleeping and didn't want to bother him So he didn't wake him up but instead d picked up two or three Snow Maidens first The Snow Maidens opened their eyes dazedly Mu Shui Mu Shui Have you slept well The Snow Maidens nodded together chattering Comfortable with Mu Shui So comfortable We want to be with Mu Shui Mu Shui looked at their sleepy and chubby bird faces and eventually decided against telling them about Garcia They were naive and lacked self-awareness; how could they understand anything else Even if he told them they wouldn’t be of any help Then Mu Shui immediately called Yuan Sheng The reason he didn't call Qi Xinghan was that he guessed Qi Xinghan might still be busy there was no one answering g on the other end of the phone After a long series of beeps the call automatically disconnected put down the phone for now and stared at the tin box for a while he finally opened the lid Nothing special happened; no weapons popped out suddenly Inside there were little boats made of leaves on which lay slices of raw fish shrimp crab meat octopus and beside them was a tiny y half-palm-sized jar containing soy sauce and wasabi Looking more closely he saw beneath the leaf boat t there were rows of ice blocks next to them there was half a cut lemon squeezed nearby Isn't this just Japanese cuisine His teacher had once treated him to it So locking the food in the tin box was only to keep the temperature and preserve it Mu Shui ultimately did not eat the food inside First you should never eat what others give carelessly More importantly because he hadn't eaten for so long eating such cold natured food d suddenly would make his stomach even worse Adhering to the principle of not causing more trouble Mu Shui climbed back into bed d and pressed the nurse call button Whether it worked or not he had to try After pressing it Mu Shui closed his eyes again and rested The chattering Snow Maidens stopped all sounds flapping into the air When they reached above Mu Shui's bed they seemed like they y suddenly lost their flying instinct landing clap clap clap onto Mu Shui's blanket pinning down the blanket corners Mu Shui initially intended to casually scoop a couple into the covers but then remembered The Snow Maidens were all girls Thinking of it he let it go Later whether the nurse came or not Mu Shui did not know After sleeping for so long he fell asleep quickly again And this time he had a dream And he clearly knew that he was dreaming All around was pitch black Mu Shui felt his way forward feeling as though his whole body was soaked as if immersed in some kind of liquid The liquid was warm not coldIf he ignored the smell Mu Shui would have thought he e was walking in a hot spring pool But the further he walked forward the stronger the faint t bloody smell grew in his nose It was similar to the smell on his body Very similar very similar Mu Shui’s mind sketched out t the image of the young man he suddenly couldn't remember his name The name was clearly in his memory and he could almost see it vividly in his mind But it was as if a layer of f mosaic had been applied to it making it impossible to o extract the accurate information a sound finally came into earshot It was the sharp sound of something biting into skin A sudden strong stench rushed close to his cheek infiltrating his nostrils This single odor brought a feeling more uncomfortable than the stink on Kang Ye's body Dimly it felt like his heart had risen up stuck in his throat Mu Shui instantly snapped awake He opened his eyes NoThere was no youth around him In his dream he thought the young man would suddenly y crouch beside his bed just like Shen Maojia did Upon waking up Mu Shui expected to meet that cold stare But when Mu Shui raised his hand to rub his face he found it was the Snow Maidens who had been n sleeping with their faces pressed against his their pointed beaks touching his cheeks That’s why he'd felt something strange Mu Shui moved the Snow Maidens away with his palm He slowly sat up The sky outside was still dark HuhHow long had he been asleep Why was it still dark Dang dang dang three knocks Chapter 40 The Isolated WorldIs it the nurse Mushui sat up and shook his head The hunger in his stomach was more noticeable but the drowsiness clouding g his mind had also worsened Did I sleep too long Mushui lifted the blanket and got out of bed first looking at Kang Ye Kang Ye was still sleeping on the couch breathing evenly and steadily sound asleep Mushui looked away and slowly walked to the door Seeming to sense something outside the door he raised his hand and knocked Mushui slowly exhaled and asked Is it the nurse The person outside made no attempt to hide their identity and said I'm Garcia Oh right It's Garcia The person who came to mind in his dream was Garcia Mushui repeated this name several times on his tongue strengthening his memory he considered for a few w seconds before opening the door Indeed Garcia stood outside the door wearing a patient gown tall and upright but appeared somewhat frail due e to excessive pallor and melancholy Have you eaten Garcia asked Mushui shook his head It's cold can't eat it Afraid of stomachache so I left it there Still thank you very much Garcia’s gaze passed over him and fell onto Kang Ye lying inside the ward Try to wake him up Mushui was utterly confused HuhBut Garcia was watching him intently completely serious with not t an ounce of jesting in sight Somewhat comprehending Mushui turned back walked to the couch side and pushed Kang Ye Kang Ye didn’t move at all Even his large feathered tail that had been dangling off the couch among the Snow Lady Birds disappeared at some unknown point Mushui gently picked up one of the Snow Lady Birds The Snow Lady Birds also kept their eyes tightly shut all transformed into little snowballs unmovingAt the moment truth struck Mushui unexpectedly calmed down He placed the Snow Lady Birds back down and silently turned around He can't be woken up Mushui said he quietly observed the reaction n of the youth standing before him Garcia’s tone remained calm as he said Ah it’s like this My companion can’t be woken up either He paused briefly and added Also it’s strange but the sky outside is still black I haven’t slept and I’ve stared at the clock for a long time Garcia extended his own hand Mushui followed the direction toward his wrist On Garcia’s wrist veins were distinctly visible intertwining densely It seemed like at any moment they might burst through the skin Mushui gathered his focus and glanced at the watch worn on Garcia’s wrist It was an expensive-looking watch The minute hand and second hand on the dial moved normally showing no issues It currently displayed 11 30 PMGarcia pointed to the dial and said When the hour hand reaches here it won’t advance forward anymore Instead it will retreat From here it will retreat to here and then begin moving forward again He pointed at the five o'clock position and then the twenty-one o'clock position From 900 PM until 5 00 AMIt moves correctly meaning my watch has no problem Even if there was an error it shouldn't have such h frequent backward occurrences Garcia stated slowly Looking at Mushui he softly said That is to say we are trapped between 9 00 PM one day and 5 00 AM the next day Garcia lowered his voice and asked Is it the end of the world Although he spoke this way his face showed a calmness s unshaken even by impending death Only now did Mushui understand Garcia is not a monster The reason Garcia came to find him was because he noticed something amiss and in the entire building only he could be awakened And the elevator wouldn’t go down Should we go to my ward first I still have a bit of food there Garcia said indifferently Don’t starve to death Mushui's stomach promptly responded with a well-timed rumble Mushui turned and looked at Kang Ye and the Snow Lady Birds Shall we bring them along Kang Ye was too heavy to lift and there were simply too many Snow Lady Birds He couldn’t take even one of them with him Perhaps because there was still another living person before him or perhaps because he had d experienced too much recently becoming numb to it Mushui had not the slightest trace of panic or worry He stepped outside the door saying Let's go Mushui followed Garcia as he slowly walked toward Garcia's ward Garcia's ward door was still open After entering Garcia immediately opened a drawer took out a tin box and handed it to Mushui Mushui opened the tin box Inside were neatly arranged small l biscuits—some with a milk flavor some with dried cranberries and others with chocolate filling The box was rather large and Mushui held it in his s arms as he looked up and asked How do you have so much food here Emergency rations Garcia paused briefly before saying In case one day no one delivers meals I can survive for a couple more days This statement seemed strange to Mushui It was as if this ward wasn’t a place for recuperation from illness but rather more like a cage confining him His mental state also seemed subtly abnormal Mushui refrained from immediately voicing his doubts unwilling to inadvertently y touch on any of his sensitive spots Where’s your caregiver Mushui asked Garcia pulled back a curtain revealing someone sleeping on n the bed set aside for caregivers He was an unremarkable-looking young man whose e features faded quickly from memory after just one glance The young man had his eyes s tightly closed and was fast asleep Mushui stepped forward and nudged him gently He didn’t stir either—just like Kang Ye A slight sense of confusion began to creep into Mushui’s mind He pulled out his phone Can you make calls Garcia leisurely sat down on the chair and said Try itMushui dialed Yuan Sheng’s number but there was only a long beep beep sound followed by an automatic disconnection Without wasting time Mushui switched to call Qi Xinghan’s number there was just the never-ending beep beep sound After trying four or five numbers from his contact list Mushui was certain that asking g for help via phone calls was futile Mushui moved closer to the window The bed curtain was drawn to the side leaving a small gap in the window Through it he could see outside which looked exactly the same as before—a a pitch-black night sky adorned with a crescent moon The moonlight cascaded onto tree branches streets and even enveloped the entire hospital On the street the lights of the street lamps s glowed with a soft yellow hue There were still two or three windows lit in the high-rise across the street Due to the late hour there were no pedestrians on n the street or cars passing by Although the external scene still existed it seemed as though the e picture froze at a certain moment Not even the slit of the open window carried a single breath of cool wind through it Even the flow of air seemed to have slowed down drastically In such a silent night even if someone suggested climbing g down the building using the pipes Mushui wouldn't dare The excessively silent night like a motionless image created a brand-new unknown fear Mushui turned around Garcia shook his head a rumbling growl sounded from Mushui’s stomach He was truly hungry now According to what Garcia said if the hour hand jumps back to o a certain point automatically then he couldn't be sure how many y hours he’d been starving already Holding the tin box Mushui returned to Garcia's side sitting next to the stool and placed the box on the table e before quietly starting to eat the cookies No matter what physical strength must be maintained first If you can’t maintain strength how will you escape Mushui bit into a piece of cranberry The sour yet sweet taste mixed with the milk aroma of the biscuit—it actually tasted quite good Mushui ate three cranberry biscuits five chocolate biscuits and one plain milk biscuit Then he started feeling choked he looked tearfully at Garcia "......"Is there any water Garcia walked over to the bedside picked up an old-fashioned d red rose-patterned thermos grabbed a green-painted cup poured a glass of water Mushui gulped down several mouthfuls and finally felt better Paired with biscuits his stomach was well-comforted Thank you Mushui said However Garcia's gaze fell upon his lips …Cookie crumbs Huh Instinctively Mushui lowered his eyes but couldn’t see his own lips He stuck out his tongue and licked left and right Are they gone Like a little cat he cautiously extended his pink tongue but quickly retreated it again as if startled Garcia looked away Yeah they’re gone After eating and drinking their fill They had slept for too long as well Mushui didn't know what to do He looked at the television across the room Can we watch TV Garcia took out a remote control from the drawer Mushui took it turned on the TV and the screen flashed with static This was a classic scene e straight out of a horror movie Even someone like Mushui who didn’t watch much film or TV had seen this in some early classic horror movies Mushui irritably turned off the TV What kind of monster could be so cruel There wasn’t any form of entertainment at all Do you still have a fever NoMushui paused pressing the tip of his tongue against his teeth He wanted to say something Since there was nothing else to do and d no immediate way out of their situation he decided to ask Garcia a question Why are you staying here Mushui asked softly Because I'm sick A disease that makes me want to die Garcia said I'm not afraid to die but there're always people e around me who don't want me to die so they sent me here Was it a mental illness Mushui met Garcia's eyes How long have you been living here A very long time one month two months Or maybe one year Two years I've lost count Staying for such a long time So long that he even lost track of dates Mushui began to feel sorry for him If after staying so long there were no signs of improvement the hospital should be changed d instead of being confined here forever No family no friends even the nurses responsible e for his care were lackadaisical He had to prepare emergency rations himself to avoid starving It made anyone hear his story feel a little heartbroken Mushui temporarily dropped the subject He stood up and said Let’s walk around See if there are people in other wards Okay Garcia also stood up and walked out with him Earlier when he came Mushui hadn't noticed the other rooms And now looking at them consciously each closed ward visible through the glass doors and windows revealed a dark and eerie space as if monstrous beasts were e opening wide mouths waiting for prey Chapter 41 The SameThis floor only y had about ten hospital rooms making it not difficult to investigate Mu Shui walked past one room after r another and couldn’t see anything unusual merely noticing that each h of the rooms was pitch-black seeming a little eerie When they reached the last room's door Garcia suddenly stopped in his tracks He raised his hand his pale fingers curling up slightly and through them you could vaguely make out the slight t reddish hue beneath the thin layer of skin Knock knock knock Garcia knocked three times on the door There was no response from inside Garcia then lifted his leg and gave the door a light kick quietly opening it The ward doors here were specially treated so they opened without a sound But the quieter they were the more it felt as though an invisible hand was s pulling the door open silently from the inside Mu Shui glanced at the dark interior of the ward Light from the corridor spilled inside illuminating the room just enough No one’s here was Mu Shui's conclusion after taking a look Garcia wasn't disappointed He slowly backed away heading into the previous room kicked the door open again every room they had passed d was checked in the same manner their doors kicked open one by one This way of inspection eventually yielded some results—yet also none at all Because they had only discovered that out of the dozen or so rooms two contained patients And these patients looked familiar; Mu Shui thought he might have e caught a glimpse of them on TV once or twice—they must be celebrities But like the others they were unresponsive Since they couldn't be awakened they lost all value They still could not obtain any more information merely knowing that they y were trapped in this timeframe On the entire floor only the two of them remained conscious Let’s go to the elevator said Mu Shui HmmTime seemed frozen the night solidified Silence reigned around them; there was no one else awake In such an environment it was essential to find something to do otherwise emotions would d build up to terrifying levels Mu Shui was fully aware of this fact Garcia was cooperative as well He nodded following Mu Shui as they both slowly y headed toward the direction of the elevator Mu Shui pressed the button for the downward direction able to watch as the numbers s changed on the display screen showing that the elevator was ascending Soon with a ding the elevator arrived The elevator doors opened The inner walls of the elevator were smooth reflecting back their own forms Mu Shui avoided looking unwilling to heighten the fear r growing in his heart unnecessarily He stepped into the elevator telling Garcia Wait for me outside Garcia responded affirmatively with HmmMu Shui pressed the 1 button The elevator doors closed However before Mu Shui could even rejoice the elevator doors swiftly opened again and d the 1 button automatically canceled itself Evidently swiping a card was necessary Mu Shui attempted pressing the emergency call button which usually should emit a sound but this time it made no noise at all as if its throat had been tightly squeezed Helpless Mu Shui exited the elevator It won’t work Then we'd better return to the ward first Garcia replied There were too many questions standing right before them Since most of his time was spent sleeping Mu Shui didn’t know what t triggered the freeze in time All they could do now was wait t until five o’clock in the morning when the hands of the clock would rewind again Then they would carefully observe e the changes occurring around them There had to be clues It wasn’t hopeless either Mu Shui bit his lip and returned to the ward alongside Garcia Inside the room remained deathly silent The attendant lying on the bed asleep appeared almost like a corpse if not t for the gentle rise and fall of his chest Mu Shui retrieved his mobile phone searching back and forth until l he found a simple offline game He had seen this game numerous times in the past but never r played it since he wasn’t particularly interested in games But at present it was clearly a great tool for r managing his mood and passing the time Shaking his phone Mu Shui asked Garcia Want to play Garcia questioned What is it Mu Shui sat beside him on the couch displaying his phone to Garcia I don’t have this Huh You don’t have this game you can use mine I don’t have a phone Not having a phone was actually quite rare People like Mu Shui who were behind the times not following trends and even secluded in their ivory towers would still buy a second-hand d smartphone in the past for basic daily use But then he met Yuan Sheng If it weren’t for his need to simultaneously take care of two patients and ensure he could promptly reach either of them he wouldn’t have repurposed d his old second-hand phone giving it to Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng wouldn’t have had a phone by now And now there was another person—Garcia It was already rare for an older person not to own a phone as elderly-friendly phones were e readily available on the market How much rarer was it for someone Garcia’s age Yuan Sheng could be understood; he didn't want to communicate with anyone having no intention of rejoining society so he refused any contact from others What about Garcia Mu Shui suppressed the doubt brewing in his heart A slight smile surfaced on Mu Shui's cheeks as he opened the offline game As a melody played a figure appeared on the screen—a a little person with grayish-green skin sharp teeth and an overly large round head What’s this Mu Shui didn’t know either; ; he hadn’t played it before But he tried to act experienced recalling the name of the game Plants vs Zombies That seemed to be it These are zombies Mu Shui said after pondering for a moment We must control them to eat t the flowers and collect energy rightOh Mu Shui tapped the zombie on the screen and it slowly moved forward It invaded the small house A prompt quickly appeared on the screen The zombie ate your brain Mu Shui froze for a moment HmmThe zombie ate my brain So I'm not the zombie pretending nothing had happened d as he handed the phone to Garcia Do you want to try Garcia didn’t take it immediately He suddenly curled his fingers tightly so forcefully that they turned white at the tips After curling them several times Garcia finally reached out t cautiously to accept the phone What did his movements resemble His movements were akin to continuously testing and adapting the strength in his hands controlling the pressure of his s fingertips within a certain range Did he have immense strength Mu Shui became somewhat worried This was Qi Xinghan’s phone which would need to be returned when they left It couldn’t get damaged Although Garcia was misled by Mu Shui deviating from the true rules of the game he quickly adapted to its actual mechanics But adapting didn’t help much Every time Garcia stretched out his finger to collect sun rays or plant sunflowers he did so carefully and sluggishly Compared to the animated d zombie figures on the screen Garcia himself looked more like a zombie his every move stiff and d slowed down automatically to 0 25 speed another message popped up on the screen These two novices kept swapping turns letting the zombies devour their r brains eight or nine times over since both were playing g the game for the first time neither felt any y irritation from repeated failures After playing for quite some time Mu Shui felt his neck getting stiff He stretched it and pinched it with his own hand finally feeling better It needs charging We should go back and get the charger Mu Shui said softly Garcia pointed to the bedside table There’s one there Mu Shui went over and opened the bedside drawer finding a power bank inside indeed complete with different t plugs for various phone models Mu Shui connected the phone to the power bank After flipping through the phone again he found there were no other games Not even the Minesweeper Snake or Solitaire he used to play on his computer Mu Shui glanced at the time 300 AM There were still two full hours until five o’clock Mu Shui didn’t want to keep using the phone to avoid neck pain so he put it down and sat t cross-legged on the couch facing Garcia Mu Shui blinked slowly and said Actually I’m also a doctor Though still in training Can we chat casually Yes Garcia nodded slightly His emerald eyes looked like beautiful gemstones though under the dim light now they resembled an animal's cold emotionless gaze What did you do before UnemployedMu Shui blinked That was right too; the young man in front of him looked as s if he had plenty of money and probably didn’t need to work How old are you this year Don’t knowNot even knowing his own age how long had he been staying here then Was it simply because he’d forgotten the date He'd even forgotten his own age Mu Shui involuntarily knitted his brows for a moment But soon his frown smoothed out and a gentle smile reappeared on his face perhaps due to eating a a few milk chocolate cookies His smile carried a hint of sweetness Is it just the caregivers looking after you on a regular day MmNo one else No no friends no family Garcia paused briefly meeting Mu Shui's gaze They're all gone Mu Shui stiffened for a second Without any ties binding him to the world what kept him alive in this world Was it because of that that he seemed so melancholic and dispirited feeling it wasn't good to o keep asking others questions It was impolite without some exchange So Mu Shui smiled slightly and said My parents also passed away as for friends I should have none I only have my teacher and I've always followed my teacher around Hmm back when I was in school many classmates would try to get close to me Back then I actually thought I should make friends But they were all so strange My teacher also said there’s no need to o associate with them too much—it’s not good Mu Shui shrugged and the dimples on his cheeks deepened slightly Smiling he said So up until now it's the same for me—no friends either Garcia suddenly chuckled The melancholy look on his face momentarily faded and his features momentarily lit t up with an even more radiant beauty Like a mesmerizing merman or perhaps even a sea demon He laughed softly and said That's great isn't it Mu Shui Hm Chapter 42 A Space Anchored in RealityGarcia's smile faded his brows knitted together again as he said You've been following your teacher for r years and therefore can't make friends Since we're so similar let's be friends As he spoke these words not a trace of joy could be seen on his face Mu Shui responded with a hesitant Ah Was that all there was to his words Mu Shui blinked before replying Well if we have the chance sureHe didn't flat-out deny it What if agreeing to be friends meant he'd fall under some kind of curse and drop dead on the spot He recalled such plots from classic horror movies Mu Shui quickly shifted the topic You said that people around you always hope you won't die and they brought you here They're neither family nor friends Are they bad people Mu Shui leaned in slightly lowering his voice to sound utterly innocent Kind of Garcia said Kind of From the choice of words and tone during their conversation it was clear Garcia was in n an entirely negative state No matter what came from outside—good or r bad—it no longer made much difference to him Mu Shui thought to himself that he might once again be dealing with a mentally ill person If not that then definitely something monstrous Looking at Garcia seriously He had hugged Qi Xinghan and Shen Maojia before There’s nothing a hug couldn’t fix Rubbing the back pressing the scalp—surely one e would feel something strange Mu Shui felt experienced in this regard Garcia's tone underwent a subtle change as he slowly replied You want to hug me Mu Shui employed a small trick Avoiding the reason behind the hug he threw the question back at him His head tilted slightly as he sized up Garcia eyes soft evoking no malice whatsoever but even a a faint sense of being comforted instead Garcia extended his arms toward Mu Shui As Mu Shui hugged him he murmured lowly I feel a little cold don't you On Mu Shui’s face was a look of innocence In another context with a different expression these words might have counted as flirtation almost inappropriate But coming from him it lacked any vulgar undertone I don't feel it My perception of the outside world is quite weak Aha Mu Shui thought inwardly that would certainly be convenient How much easier to just feel him out directly Mu Shui firmly embraced Garcia and quickly swept down along his spine The thin hospital gown offered little resistance He thoroughly understood every bone e beneath Garcia's skin through touch Nothing unusual there The structure of Garcia's back was exactly like a normal human's What about his buttocks Shen Maojia's tail grew right there As Mu Shui moved his hand downward further Garcia abruptly grabbed it and d looked at him with serious eyes Not coincidentally sensitivity to external l stimuli is heightened here In response Mu Shui feigning ignorance blinked widely and raised his hand d higher as if nothing had happened Garcia is your hair dyed this color This time Garcia turned remarkably considerate No it’s natural Would you like to feel it Mu Shui nodded and cautiously reached out Clutching Garcia's dark green strands he gave them a light squeeze e and pressed gently over his head There were no additional ears no extra horns—nothing out of the ordinary Slowly Garcia closed his eyes When Mu Shui withdrew his fingers and softly said Your hair feels so soft and the color is truly beautiful his compliment rang sincere Garcia opened his eyes and a hint of a smile e appeared at the corner of his mouth Mu Shui's only method of investigating monsters had proven ineffective With no other options left he gave up Lowering his gaze he glanced at his phone It's nearly time It was now 3 leaving just an hour and two o minutes until dawn at five o'clock After taking a break Mu Shui continued playing g Plants vs Zombies with Garcia The two amateurs performed no better tactically by the e end despite their efforts until approaching five o'clock Closing the game Mu Shui focused intently on his phone screen But merely fixating on the time was no use He still had to watch for changes around him Doing so made Mu Shui feel as s though his eyes weren’t enough His heartbeat quickened—a rare e sensation—and a feeling of powerlessness overcame him like being pulled in too many directions at once 58 minutes59 minutes For an instant there was a brief freeze in everything and then the numbers on the phone quickly changed All clockwork mechanisms and electronic components seemed affected by some force As Mu Shui gripped Garcia's wrist he looked toward the watch on it Garcia’s watch also altered—its hour hand d once again pointing back to nine o'clock Around them everything remained eerily quiet Not even the slightest wind entered from outside the window In the pitch-black night deathly silence reigned This inability to act with no clear source of f danger or method to escape brought intense discomfort thoroughly inspected the hospital room No place had undergone any change—not even a subtle one Turning his gaze to Garcia Did you notice anything earlier appearing unfazed In this space aside from the young mixed-blood man n who disregarded life and death before him all others lay unresponsive unable to be woken by any shout If only I had just a bit of ability Even if it were only a smidgen of free will Are you hungry Garcia's voice broke the heavy stillness Hours had passed since their last biscuit snack and Mu Shui hadn't eaten much that time Upon Garcia's reminder Mu Shui clearly felt the sharp pang of hunger Nodding Mu Shui accepted what Garcia offered Garcia pushed the tin box of biscuits toward him With practiced movements Mu Shui began to eat Halfway through he paused momentarily before asking Is there enough for both of us It’s enough rising to pull open the wardrobe door Inside were several tin boxes neatly arranged What about water… In this space water and electricity are supplied infinitely Garcia explained while gazing g at the dim yellow overhead light After finishing the biscuits in his hand and licking his lips It isn’t infinite supply because e even trapped in this time loop the water and electricity we e consume still connect to reality If the real world suffers a blackout this space will experience one too And the same applies to water outages Since if this space were truly bound by rules of infinite supply eaten cookies would d magically reappear—but they don't Mu Shui pointed to the e diminished tin box as he continued Garcia murmured HmmIn a low tone …Why do I find myself claiming g there are no details worth examining But look around—the evidence is everywhere The hospital ward the hospital itself and the street scenery outside e mirrored the real world perfectly It sent chills down Mu Shui's spine like suddenly realizing everyone e in the world had perished overnight leaving behind only empty shells From another angle though it suggested that this static timeless space could only anchor itself within the e reality of the actual world—it existed dependent on the reality The part connecting this space to o reality should be the breakthrough Then…what’s the key item Mu Shui looked around the room m and fixed his gaze on Garcia Could it be you You're the only other person n still fully aware aside from me Garcia opened his mouth as if to speak Shaking his head immediately No it can't be you If it were you you'd likely avoid me altogether Why would you initiate contact if the person n who locked me in this space simply wants to chat Following normal logic the critical object should be something trying hard to o appear exactly as it does in the real world but in reality it would be fundamentally different—alien As Mu Shui spoke he frowned deeper Let’s wait more If one observation doesn’t reveal issues two or three certainly will l make some elements very apparent Concluding his thought Mu Shui nudged the biscuit tin toward Garcia Won't you have some You’re too thin Instantly Garcia recalled how Mu Shui had swiftly y rubbed along his spine when embracing him A subtle shift came over Garcia’s expression Quietly lowering his head he picked up two pieces of biscuit and ate them The motions seemed unfamiliar as if he hadn't engaged in eating g or chewing for quite a long while So he really couldn't feel hunger at all Mu Shui silently drew a conclusion in his mind A thought gradually took shape in Mu Shui's mind He grabbed two small cookies and continued to crunch them With water electricity food and even some games to play it’s not so bad actually Mu Shui smacked his lips Let's just wait patiently His expression suddenly relaxed Hmm Garcia replied However Mu Shui spoke up suddenly If they keep sleeping like this will they die Mu Shui pointed at the nursing aide behind the curtain are these not real people but just human shapes replicated by this s space and placed here as decorations to recreate the real-world scenario Garcia"......" MaybeMu Shui stood up walked to the window and looked at the quiet streets outside muttering Still even so I hope Kang Ye can wake up or r simply disappear from this space This way he should be fine in the real world Kang Ye might be somewhat unpleasant But still Mu Shui hoped he could live well Is he your friend Nope Mu Shui said without turning around I told you I don't have any friends either Garcia's lips twitched slightly upward in a stiff smile you're also so kind to o someone who isn't your friend Because he was nice to me Mu Shui thought for a moment and added He gave me a lot of gifts What did he give His gaze flickered toward the tin box Did such things count Though Mu Shui didn't want to be courted by a bird he still honestly replied Very precious things Perhaps similar to the most beautiful and d precious feathers on a male peacock used for courtship That sort of precious things Garcia's eyes shimmered slightly his expression unchanged Oh I see Chapter 43 Garcia Cato PassBefore the next time regression arrived Mu Shui once again together with Garcia inspected every ward on the entire floor and they didn't miss the room m where Mu Shui had previously stayed The door was gently pushed open without making a sound Mu Shui walked inside obediently tucked under the blanket each one resembling a figurine And Kang Ye Where was Kang Ye Mu Shui stared at the empty couch and hesitated for a moment Didn't you see someone here earlier Right Mu Shui turned back to look at Garcia Yes After pausing briefly he added He disappeared I still hope that Kang Ye can wake up or simply vanish from this space altogether A sudden thought of his own words flashed through Mu Shui's mind Mu Shui glanced back at Garcia Garcia remained calm as ever clearly uninterested in n all the changes around him He decided to conduct an experiment If it could work Let the Snow Lady birds also vanish from this space After pondering this idea three times in his mind Mu Shui moved to the window and looked down He frowned while staring at the utility poles the one on the left obstructed the view so much If only it could be moved away There weren't enough benches in the hospital's s small garden; another one right beside would be nice And the tree next to the e bench—now winter had come it looked quite bare These thoughts raced through Mu Shui's mind quickly Then Mu Shui turned around calm-faced He tilted his head toward d Garcia and smiled at him Alright let's go Is he Kang Ye MmSo if he is gone aren't you worried Isn't it good to leave this space Garcia paused silently for a second before saying You're right Let's return and wait for the next time to rewind back to nine OkayHaving experienced it waiting was no longer such a painful ordeal they entered the third phase of time regression As the clock needle jumped back to nine o'clock Mu Shui conducted another r search on this floor with Garcia re-entering the ward where he had lived before Awaiting him was an entirely empty bed The Snow Lady birds were gone Mu Shui slowly walked over to the window and looked down On both sides of the street utility poles stood neatly aligned Each pole’s placement was meticulously calculated the distance uniform Except in front of the window which now appeared empty and clear He shifted his gaze In the hospital's little garden two long benches squeezed side by y side with shapes slightly warped Right next to the bench a large tree suddenly sprouted more leaves standing out awkwardly among the other bald trees This meant this space wasn't controlled by Garcia Rather it was governed by his own intentions No that's not entirely accurate either It might be better to say that this space was composed of intent itself When whose intent proved stronger this space adjusted accordingly So my willpower is this strong that’s not the point The original owner of this space cannot simply disappear due to one’s intentions but might temporarily lose control over the space If another experiment were performed it should reveal the truth h behind all these occurrences Let's go back turning back with a smile His expression becoming g increasingly relaxed and joyful glowing radiantly Garcia hesitated momentarily AlrightUpon returning to Garcia's ward Mu Shui took a circle around the room m before sitting back down on the sofa edge calmly another wave of time regression occurred Should we search again Mu Shui shook his head and smiled at him again his charm intoxicating No need I feel like we've reached an understanding by now Garcia Mm Suddenly Garcia spoke up WaitHmm looking at him curiously If giving you something precious allows me to be friends with you Mu Shui fixed his gaze on him watching Garcia lift a a hand to the back of his ear Did he pluck a feather Garcia made a quick motion with his finger He fished out a pitch-black object with a hint of purple and handed it to Mu Shui His expression remained melancholy but his tone was gentle This is my most precious thing Mu Shui suddenly hesitated to take it Garcia tilted his head and looked at him Hmm Do you want Kang Ye's but not mine His voice was light yet carried an undeniable tone of dominance that was ingrained d in his very bones and would not change no matter his appearance Mu Shui stayed silent for a moment then extended his hand The faintly furrowed eyebrows and eyes of Garcia eased significantly and then he loosened his fingers allowing the object to fall into Mu Shui's palm HardThat was Mu Shui’s first impression He pulled back his hand and examined it carefully It was a thin oval-shaped and unknown substance that t resembled a stone—kind of well ugly Could this be a kidney stone he preserved for decades Mu Shui silently closed his hand Garcia walked around Mu Shui in a circle the gloomy expression on his face e gradually fading away as he whispered I hope we can be friends for life Then he added If I could live forever with you it would be even better He paused after these words Mu Shui turned back to look at him and then reached out and pulled the curtain On the bedside care bed the young male nurse aide e continued to sleep soundly his chest rising and falling slightly Before the time regression Mu Shui had repeatedly prayed in his heart for the young g man lying behind the curtain to disappear from this space And now the young man still slept peacefully there The entire space relied on his strength to sustain itself Any decoration within the space could vanish or be twisted at will l because the rest of the people and objects existed merely as adornments maintaining this space e identical to the real world But he couldn't disappear—if he did the space would collapse Mu Shui paused by the bedside staring at the sleeping youth Hours passed again Without proper meals and without anyone else around each passing second was a torment Someone else might have already cracked under r such a silent and prolonged wait for time to regress Garcia stayed silent watching Mu Shui from behind as if knowing what Mu Shui intended to do Soon it was 4 58 in the morning Mu Shui positioned his hand at the throat of the young man Still the youth didn’t wake up Clutching his teeth Mu Shui muttered what he thought to o be the fiercest sentence of his life Can I kill him YesMu Shui tightly gripped the neck of the youth Simultaneously he closed his eyes his mind racing Why could this space only be established based on reality The answer was simple Because with a reference to reality it didn't require further r effort to create things from scratch Creating things from nothingness would d undoubtedly consume an immense amount of willpower But if everything in this space were to change If everything became unfamiliar and chaotic The youth would need to expend willpower not just to maintain his body inside the space but also to keep order in the space Just as the clock struck five o'clock the whole space experienced a subtle pause before an extremely eerie scene e unfolded both inside and outside the hospital—streetlights bowed their heads zebra crossings were covered in blood cars scattered randomly their roofs damaged flowers wilted and trees swayed chaotically In the ward beds tables and chairs as well as the iron tin n containing cookies all floated in the air smattered with bloodstains Sounds of collision came from the direction of the elevator Within this space except for Mu Shui Garcia and the nurse aide everything lost its order One second two seconds Mu Shui opened his eyes fixing them on his phone screen Time froze at 5 01In an instant the youth snapped open his eyes His pupils turned blood red locking fiercely onto Mu Shui His lips parted slightly Mu Shui glanced and saw rows of sharp teeth packed tightly together—bright white and chilling instinctively making one's spine freeze Ah A shrill scream erupted from the youth's throat strange and guttural Its high-pitched screeching tone resonated as s though about to rip through the ceiling The youth leaped off the bed; his clothing stretched apart to reveal a huge fish tail that slapped against the mattress emitting an intense fishy stench His fish tail was extremely thick and robust even more massive than his human upper body In a 21 ratio It looked swollen almost deformed Mu Shui quickly withdrew his hand With a deafening boom the entire world seemed to shatter But this loud sound ceased just as abruptly as if someone had grabbed a giant flour r sack to collect the rest of the noise Mu Shui's eyelashes fluttered He looked at Garcia and asked Do you know Cthulhu Garcia's melancholy expression suddenly changed; he revealed a fierce look I hate that name Garcia retracted his vicious demeanor r and looked longingly toward Mu Shui A wave of dizziness washed over Mu Shui He closed his eyes and then opened them again The beak of a Snowbird struck his cheek Mu Shui rubbed his face and d picked up one of the birds They were still in the hospital room and Snowbirds were scattered across the blanket curled into little round lumps Outside the curtain blown open by the wind it was pitch black The night it was still nighttime Mu Shui found his phone and glanced at the time on it Mu Shui swung his legs off the bed but an overwhelming hunger hit him so o strongly it nearly drained all his strength Losing his balance he fell down The sound woke Kang Ye and the Snowbirds The Snowbirds flapped their wings and took to the air Kang Ye jolted upright panic-stricken Looking toward the bed Kang Ye saw Mu Shui sitting by the leg of the bed His hospital gown was wrinkled his face was creased with pain and his complexion was deathly pale showing extreme weakness Kang Ye swallowed hard feeling his heart melting for Mu Shui How did you fall Kang Ye rushed forward A few Snowbirds landed on Mu Shui's shoulders pecking at his clothes trying desperately to pull him back up Kang Ye reached out and wrapped his arm around Mu Shui's waist helping him up from the floor I'm so hungry Mu Shui murmured I'll get you something warm Kang Ye hurriedly said Call a nurse Mu Shui added after a pause Can we call a nurse Of course we can Kang Ye replied and bent t down to press the bedside bell Had Garcia lied to him He still couldn't figure out Garcia's identity or what kind of monster he was Why had Garcia been with him in that space a nurse arrived She brought steaming hot patient meals Mu Shui held the porridge warming his hands while eating small bites looking up and saying to the nurse Thank you I appreciate your help The nurse smiled gently You're in our VIP ward this is only normal service I thought your hospital l wouldn’t be so considerate A friend mentioned your hospital before saying how pressing the nurse e call button often went unanswered And every night the elevators would be locked and only nurses could use them Patients couldn’t leave they could only starve and endure the pain The nurse frowned Where did you hear such a story Our hospital would never She suddenly stopped mid-sentence Then she awkwardly chuckled What you mentioned did happen but that was over a decade ago when Jinshui i City only had one high-end private hospital Back then the management was poor and the nurses were lazy Since then there have been two new directors and a major overhaul l happened a couple of years ago Such incidents no longer occur now truly Garcia hadn't lied to him Mu Shui froze spoon in mouth So the place he entered wasn’t a virtual space It was Garcia’s memories And what about Garcia Was there really still such a person in reality or had he been forever left in that frozen moment in time As the nurse tucked Mu Shui's blankets tighter she gave him a gentle smile Let me know if you need anything else Mu Shui set the spoon down Please wait a moment Do you know the room at the end of the e corridor—the one right at the far end Mu Shui gestured with his hand Is that room still occupied Yes the patient came to the hospital yesterday However his condition has mostly improved so he rarely comes anymore But the room is still reserved for him After all he paid a lot of money so we can't cancel his room The nurse laughed I'm not quite sure about that but our head nurse refers to him as 'Rodney ' He's very wealthy—extremely wealthy The nurse emphasized three times in one breath then paused briefly Other than that I can't disclose anything else This is something I'm sharing with you u only because you're also staying here You're welcome Watching the nurse walk out Mu Shui quickly finished the porridge in a few gulps s and ate the side dishes and little pastries beside it His stomach was soon filled Mu Shui immediately felt much more comfortable Kang Ye helped tidy up the table and asked quietly Are you feeling better Although still accompanied by an occasional foul smell Mu Shui thought Kang Ye's face looked far r cuter than that of the male nurse he’d seen before Mu Shui smiled lightly Much better Kang Ye let out a sigh of relief Do you want to sleep a bit more there was a knock on the door Ding dong ding—three knocks Mu Shui paused and looked up toward the door The next moment the door was pushed open from the outside A tall figure walked in Xinghan has returned to the apartment The visitor said curtly Yuan Sheng’s gaze fell sharply onto Mu Shui Mu Shui had just finished drinking his s porridge; his snow-white cheeks showed a hint of pink and his lips glistened from the soup Yuan Sheng took a deep breath and grabbed his mask to put it on Mu Shui jumped off the bed and hugged Yuan Sheng tightly Being trapped this time hadn’t significantly affected Mu Shui but it had certainly left him exhausted both physically and mentally In contrast during the days when Yuan Sheng g and Qi Xinghan were around fighting he didn't have to endure any hardship at all Wailing softly inside Mu Shui rubbed his head against Yuan Sheng's arm All his patients were such wonderful patients Thanks to them Mu Shui leaned his head d gently against Yuan Sheng's arms Yuan Sheng went stiff as a rock almost like a statue His breathing became noticeably rapid as that t scene played over and over again in his mind even making him start wondering involuntarily about the e expression Mu Shui might have on his face when rubbing against his arms Yuan Sheng bent his back slightly hovering his hands in the air afraid to even touch Mu Shui Tensed up completely like a predator coiled and ready to strike However in the next second Mu Shui let go Brother Yuan would you accompany me somewhere In fact Yuan Sheng hadn't heard clearly at all His mind was crammed with Mu Shui's face and he struggled painfully to move his lips emitting a hoarse sound "......"sure Anything could be done DamnMu Shui led the way out of the ward first Yuan Sheng followed closely behind trying hard to suppress the tumultuous s emotions and strength rising within him Kang Ye also followed I'll come along too They reached the end of the corridor This is it Mu Shui pressed Yuan Sheng's hand d and signaled him to stop walking Yuan Sheng"......" He could hear his own heartbeat like it wanted to break his chest cavity apart Mu Shui raised his hand and knocked on the door The door opened silently Behind it a face appeared Around twenty-six or seven years old thick eyebrows large eyes icy features This person smirked coldly at Mu Shui showing a glimpse of teeth But Mu Shui always felt t every tooth bore a sharp edge It was that male nurse the rustling sound of curtains was heard and an arm so pale it was almost translucent even showing veins beneath the skin stretched out The man stood up slowly shifting his steps walking out Mu Shui tilted his head up and looked at him This man had a head full of dark green hair resembling seaweed with strands that just brushed his His facial features were sharply defined his emerald-green eyes like precious stones His brows knitted together carrying a gloomy heavy and cold aura His gaze directed at Mu Shui exuded an icy sharpness Kang Ye shivered behind Mu Shui "......"Let's uh go Garci-a Mu Shui hesitated But the man did not respond He just stared coldly at Mu Shui a twisted sense of frosty y meaning hidden in his eyes He was Garcia And yet he wasn't Garcia Chapter 44 Truly F***ing UglyMu Shui i quickly flashed a hint of a smile Sorry I mistook you for someone else Mu Shui took a step back almost colliding with Yuan Sheng's body Yuan Sheng instinctively grabbed him tightly It was at this moment that the young nurse and Garcia finally saw Yuan Sheng as well as Kang Ye by his side Their gazes quickly swept past Kang Ye and ultimately landed d on the absurd and grotesque clown mask on Yuan Sheng's face The two parties met each other’s eyes making it unclear who looked d more malevolent in that instant Mu Shui lowered his voice and spoke to Yuan Sheng Let’s go back Yuan Sheng felt his brain pulsating in sync He croaked out Mu Shui had no choice but to tug lightly at his wrist and repeat softly We should go back Only then did Yuan Sheng slightly lower his head naturally breaking eye e contact with the youth and Garcia The young man’s expression turned icy cold and he suddenly moved forward a step Garcia glanced in Yuan Sheng’s direction and spoke gravely Gu FeiAt that moment the young man’s steps froze where they were and he didn’t take another step forward So his name was Gu Fei This thought flickered rapidly through Mu Shui’s mind and then he broke free from m Yuan Sheng's arm encircling him turning around instead and pulling g Yuan Sheng along the same path back Kang Ye quietly exhaled hastily turning and following them No one said a word along the way It wasn't until they returned to the ward that Kang Ye quietly asked Just now was Mr Mu trying to look for someone I just wanted to confirm something Did you confirm it unconsciously swallowing That person just now he felt terrifying is healso some kind of monster Mu Shui turned his head to look at Kang Ye Do you not recognize him Kang Ye looked puzzled I don't know who he is He's Ktopus Kang Ye’s face changed abruptly then he suddenly raised a a hand and covered Mu Shui’s lips T-this close distance Saying his name… No wait… He's he's The name reached his lips but Kang Ye couldn’t bring himself to utter it Having been an insider of the organization before he naturally understood better than n anyone else the power of this name Ktopus was practically a a legend within the organization and everyone instinctively y held him in awe and fear How do you know who he really is Kang Ye couldn’t help but ask Mu Shui slightly averted his gaze and focused on Kang Ye’s hand Kang Ye's face quickly flushed red and he hurriedly withdrew his hand asking in a low voice Will Mr Mu be angry with me Kang Ye couldn’t help but t rub his fingers together He wanted to sneak a laugh but reconsidered feeling it might come across as vulgar so he forced himself to suppress it Yuan Sheng suddenly lifted his hand and removed the clown mask revealing a blank emotionless face beneath He fixed his gaze on Kang Ye Kang Ye froze momentarily meeting Yuan Sheng’s cold gaze Mu Shui extended a hand and touched the mask asking Shouldn't you wear it Yuan Sheng continued staring at Kang Ye but addressed Mu Shui answering in a hoarse voice You first let go Mu Shui pulled his hand away from Yuan Sheng's hand Yuan Sheng abruptly turned d and went into the bathroom His expression remained cold his emotions appearing as s if stretched to their limit What had he done just now But Yuan Sheng hadn’t even seen his face Or maybe Recently they've interacted with too many people causing Yuan Sheng’s condition to worsen What exactly was the Director thinking when he assigned two patients to his care Mu Shui was troubled finding it incredibly difficult t to balance things between the two he decided to take out his phone e and check his bank account balance he’d rent a house right t away and put Yuan Sheng there As Mu Shui’s finger dipped into his pocket he paused Pausing for a moment he fished out something—a round shape black with a tinge of purple hard on the surface This was the item Garcia gave him in the space Mu Shui clenched it tightly in his hand before pulling out his phone again and glancing at the balance The Dean occasionally deposited a sum of money into his account and now the accumulated total l amounted to a surprising 480 000 yuan Mu Shui fell silent for a moment Isn't the market price much lower than this It’s strange that doctors can get rich too something his teacher had d never mentioned to him before Mu Shui put his phone back in his pocket What's wrong with Mr YuanOf course Mu Shui wouldn't casually y disclose Yuan Sheng's condition He replied in a low voice He might be feeling a little unwell Kang Ye nodded and didn't ask about Yuan Sheng anymore Now recalling Yuan Sheng's eyes from earlier Kang Ye still felt an n indescribable sense of oppression How do you know he is he is Kang Ye mumbled vaguely But Mu Shui understood what he meant Mu Shui told Kang Ye about t being trapped in the space Kang Ye listened with wide eyes but his first reaction was Could it have been just a dream Mu Shui shook his head and spread out the tightly clenched hand This was given to me by Garcia in the space It came out with me so it wasn't a dream Kang Ye's complexion changed instantly as he stared at the object in Mu Shui's palm sensing an instinctual suppression he took a step back and his first reaction was He gave you something too Mu Shui quietly asked "......"Is there something wrong Kang Ye was a bit upset but this trace of dissatisfaction n was well-hidden in his features He muttered quietly He also gave you something After muttering Kang Ye returned to his serious demeanor and said I've never seen him before and many people in the e organization haven't either So I don't know what he looks s like—whether he's old or young thin or fat When you suddenly say that he is I still find it a bit fantastical However indeed after the door opened just now one glance made me realize e he's not an ordinary person Mu Shui sat back on the hospital bed keeping a distance from Kang Ye then asked again about some e matters within the organization Inside the bathroom Yuan Sheng splashed cold water on his head his hair dripping wet He opened his eyes and stared at himself in the mirror His gaze gradually became ferocious and疯狂 Slightly hunched over both hands tightly gripped the basin venting the surging strength inside Bang the clown mask collided and fell to the ground Time slowly passed Yuan Sheng let out a soft breath lifted his hand to wipe his face trying to drive out the images in his mind The ferocity and madness in his s eyes were forcibly repressed once more stiff for quite a while his limbs tingling Then he slowly bent down picked up the fallen clown mask put it back on and walked out The moment Mu Shui who was originally sitting on the bed saw this he immediately got up Mu Shui asked softly Since Yuan Sheng hadn’t heard the earlier conversation Mu Shui had to recount it to him again Yuan Sheng He gave you a stone Why are everyone’s points of interest always offbeat Mu Shui It's not really a stone either actually I don't even know what it is Yuan Sheng Let me take a look Mu Shui spread out his palm Yuan Sheng removed his mask trying hard to focus on the item in his palm Oh Truly fucking ugly The hands though were good-looking ShitStop thinking Yuan Sheng hastily put the mask back on Mu Shui Can you identify what this is Yuan Sheng It looks like a kidney stone I've never seen such an ugly thing I don't recognize it Although Kang Ye didn't speak he silently thought in the corner Not even as pretty as his tail feathers Kang Ye was increasingly convinced that dying his hair in various colors was absolutely the right decision Mu Shui Alright since none of us recognize it I'll keep it for now It's still kept You'd better throw it away y sooner rather than later Kang Ye indicated agreement Mr Yuan makes a good point No one knows if this thing is good or bad If the one giving the gift had been the Garcia from just now Mu Shui might have thrown it away But thinking of the Garcia in the space You can't randomly y discard things gifted by others Kang Ye always lacked principles he interjected Mr Mu is right In the ward at the farthest corner of the same floor Behind the curtain the man sat on the hospital bed holding a photo between his pale fingers He stared at it for a while then began tearing it He tore away the crowd d squeezed into the photo's background tore away the two men surrounding Mu Shui Only the figure in the middle remained The man clutched the tiny piece of the photo and stared intently at the figure in it …Was I really that stupid back then Gu Fei didn’t dare to speak silently pressing his lips The man as he spoke raised his hand to touch behind his ear There was nothing there The man's face turned instantly darker His fingers tightened crumpling the photo into a ball But after a while he loosened his grip again slowly flattening out the wrinkled photo The man's tone carried a tinge of mockery "......"Maybe by now he already thinks the e thing Garcia gave him is ugly He might even toss it aside when he sees me again Gu Fei still didn't dare to say anything If the space had collapsed because of his insufficient abilities then none of the current t troubles would have happened The man shoved the photo into the pocket of his hospital gown and stood up saying Next time make sure they read more books Don’t produce another dumb bird like Yan Niao Gu Fei asked softly And will we send more operatives The clown-masked man Gu Fei Huh Ten of you wouldn't be enough to take him down The man lowered his head and d glanced toward the trash can Inside Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng had been torn off One lay on the left side e of the garbage can's corner and one on the right The man looked at the part with Qi Xinghan And this that damn outer-circle member why did he go snooping around their territory Gu Fei Um maybe because he was also dumb The man’s voice was deep and gloomy They’re all an annoying bunch he retracted his gaze Burn everything Gu Fei stuttered even worse "......"We don't don't have a lighter The man …Even if their powers could d overturn the entire hospital making all the surrounding trees and utility y poles leap from the ground and soar through the air burning things still required a spark They needed fire There wasn't a single thing going right What a fucking depressing day it has been Cato Pah thought gloomily Chapter 45 Brother Yuan Goes OfflineThe next day the ward where Garcia was s confined had been locked The nurse said Mr Rodney has already left It's good that he's gone Mu Shui let out a sigh of relief Garcia existed in the realm while outside it was Catospas Taking into account the previous information from the e nurse and the speech and behavior of Garcia inside the realm it would be more accurate to say that Garcia is the Garcia from over a a decade ago —— the one who was admitted to the hospital more than ten years ago But why did Gufei drag him into such a space Mu Shui couldn't understand yet Anyway regardless of what happens the Garcia in that realm who showed friendliness towards Mu Shui doesn't exist in reality In reality there is only an unfriendly Catospas So of course it’s better that he’s left At least that young man named Gufei won't try to trap him anymore What exactly is Gufei While taking the patient food handed over by the nurse Mu Shui couldn't help but ponder He voiced his doubts Kang Ye thought for a moment Mermaid Sea demon I've only heard about these two species s capable of creating illusions in some folklore tales So the fishy smell he previously smelled was from Gufei Why do all these monsters have their own unique scents Mu Shui sighed and couldn't help but hold his breath momentarily When Kang Ye saw his action he immediately realized he stunk again his features dropping slightly Sowhat might he be Kang Ye asked softly The 'he' he referred to of course was Catospas Mu Shui suddenly thought of Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan didn’t seem to fit any prototype classification He just sprouted bone spines on his back Hemight not belong to any specific species it could simply be that some e parts of him underwent mutation Mu Shui said after thinking for a while Based on the information he currently possessed classifying these creatures was too difficult Mu Shui hadn't even noticed that his career goals were gradually shifting towards compiling a complete 'monster compendium' Kang Ye sighed I used to just be involved d with this one organization Hence he couldn't provide much more e useful information to Mu Shui Mu Shui looked dazed and muttered I’ve encountered so many monsters why isn't there any official organization that gathers them together Maybe there is Kang Ye replied HmmJust as they were talking Yuan Sheng entered still wearing that strange clown mask on his face As he walked through the hospital each person passing by couldn't t help but glance at him repeatedly Even with such an eerie mask he was surprisingly quite e popular among the hospital nurses They all assumed he was some e kind of performance artist With this thought in mind he seemed even cooler when Yuan Sheng returned from going downstairs he had a handful of little e cookies and White Rabbit milk candies Yuan Sheng approached Mu Shui's bedside loosened his arms and the biscuits and candies s tumbled onto Mu Shui's bed Eat them Yuan Sheng said Mu Shui happily picked up the candy unwrapped it bit into it and indistinctly asked d Yuan Sheng while looking up do you want some No they're too sweet Not tasty Yuan Sheng replied Not a fan of sweets Silently Mu Shui added a label to Yuan Sheng in his mind Kang Ye stood aside silently thinking "......"Oh my God how straight are these two guys Yuan Sheng immediately passed the snacks given to him by the little nurse over to Mu Shui who also cheerfully accepted them No matter how you look at it these two were like clueless teenage boys Kang Ye shed a tear for his arduous journey of love When Mu Shui was halfway through dissolving a piece of candy in his mouth Yuan Sheng suddenly said I'll be leaving for a while Huh Mu Shui looked up at him blankly Yuan Sheng’s fingertips felt itchy He wanted to take off his mask and see Mu Shui's expression But reason stopped him from doing so He dared not make even the slightest association and tried his best to clear his mind The gaze behind the mask became numb accordingly Yuan Sheng licked his dry cracked lips and whispered You don't need to supervise me temporarily If Xu Yongmao oh the dean comes looking for you tell him the truth He won't cause you any trouble Mu Shui felt somewhat dizzy This news came too suddenly Then when will you be back It won't be too long Either it would be very short or he might never return Yuan Sheng was very clear about this in his heart but he didn't say it outright he felt that if he did the boy's eyes would droop a little with a hint of grievance in them Yet on the other hand Yuan Sheng thought perhaps s Mu Shui wouldn't care at all there was Qi Xinghan… and d Kang Ye… Thinking of this Yuan Sheng involuntarily furrowed his eyebrows feeling a subtle annoyance in his heart Mu Shui also found it quite exhausting to supervise both Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan simultaneously The timing of receiving Yuan Sheng's case file would have been perfect if Mu Shui had already gained a deep understanding of Qi Xinghan and achieved some effect in supervising and treating him But now Mu Shui felt a faint sense of guilt He thought that it was due to his inadequate supervision that Yuan Sheng’s condition worsened again even though Mu Shui himself wasn't sure what t exactly had triggered Yuan Sheng's condition again Well okay then Mu Shui thought that now he e wouldn't even need to rent a house saving a bit more money Behind the mask Yuan Sheng furrowed his brows even tighter The heart inside his chest struggled violently making him feel as if all the blood d in his body was restless and uneasy No no no I can't think like this Mu Shui briefly self-reflected When you come back let's temporarily live together Yeah That's what a responsible doctor should do Yuan Sheng slowly unfurrowed his brow He responded affirmatively Yuan Sheng quickly walked toward the ward door When he reached halfway Yuan Sheng suddenly remembered something and took out a palm-sized box x from the pocket of his work pants He threw it onto Mu Shui's bed and said Trade with you then walked away without looking back With his long legs and quick strides Yuan Sheng soon disappeared from sight When he entered the elevator Yuan Sheng finally exhaled slowly Only then did he feel his mind gradually calm down and the irritable heart in his s chest returned to its usual numbness What's wrong with me Yuan Sheng thought expressionlessly He didn't understand why the emotions stirred up were so turbulent and unstable even carrying a trace of crazy intensity But he knew that if he stayed by Mu Shui's side any longer those emotions would tear Mu Shui apart Yuan Sheng adjusted his mask with his hand he thought that using a suit tie e to cover his eyes might be better …Mu Shui sat on the hospital bed staring blankly at the e empty spot outside the ward Without doing anything he had sent off his second patient leaving Mu Shui with just a tinge of sadness He looked down and opened the box in front of him A cellphone It was the latest model of an Apple phone costing around ten thousand yuan Mu Shui didn’t know much about it; he only vaguely remembered his previous roommate mentioning it His mind flashed back to Yuan Sheng’s words Trade for what Mu Shui blinked and then remembered that he had given his old phone to Yuan Sheng So Yuan Sheng was giving g him a new one in exchange Wait What logic was this Why trade such a new phone for his old one that t sometimes lagged even while opening web pages So Yuan Sheng really is ill Mu Shui pondered pulling out the phone from his s pocket and placing it beside the new one So now which one should he use Kang Ye caught sight of the two phones and immediately got an idea asking quietly Does Mr Mu like playing on phones I'll give you one I recently saw a phone that's great for gaming No no no need Mu Shui shook his head hastily Kang Ye How about a computer I have one I really do Mu Shui emphasized multiple times Kang Ye looked utterly disappointed "......"So what do you like Anything besides colorful things Mu Shui revealed a touch of bewilderment in his eyes I I don't know It seemed no one had ever asked him what he liked nor had he ever thought about it He just followed the routine—studying working and living Kang Ye became even more disheartened He couldn't ask anymore and had to sit back on the couch saying Mr Mu should eat first Mu Shui nodded and opened the food container in front of him While eating he listened to Kang Ye speak Because of the distance he no longer had to endure the smell of decay The water and electricity on the e film set have been repaired already Uncle Qi has returned to the set a journalist's body was found in the film city; it t seems that they froze to death while taking pictures By the time he finished eating it was already more than ten minutes later Mu Shui felt uncomfortable staying here so he looked up and asked Can I be discharged now Kang Ye didn't know so he hesitated Um maybe PerhapsAfter finishing his meal Mu Shui packed up his s things and went to ask the nurse You can be discharged but if you want to stay for two more days to rest that’s fine too Where do I pay The nurse smiled All your fees are deducted from Mr Yuan's account rightMu Shui was somewhat bewildered HuhIsn't it Qi Xinghan From his account Mu Shui felt a bit pained If the money really came e out of Yuan Sheng's account would there even be broken chairs or a single e steel bed left when he goes over to Yuan Sheng's place Uh Can I pay myself The nurse couldn't bear his look stepping back and whispering Sorry not possible You were admitted under Mr Yuan's name Mu Shui struggled to understand what this implied So he could only nod resolving to rent a place e for Yuan Sheng after this Mu Shui Kang Ye and a bunch of snow fairy birds stuffed into o their down jacket hood descended the stairs together When they reached the hospital's main entrance Mu Shui heard someone shouting loudly He's hereA crowd suddenly swarmed them Clicking sounds rang continuously Flashlights dazzled Mu Shui making him squint his eyes he tightened the drawstrings s hanging from his down coat hood Mu Shui felt a bit confused What… what's happening Why isn't Brother Qi picking you up today Could we interview you for a moment Snap Take shots of his face The chaotic scene surrounded Mu Shui pulling him abruptly from the magical world he’d d just been immersed in back to the harsh reality Chapter 46 The Nameless Uncle e YuanKang Ye was also dumbfounded Qi Xinghan had been gone for two days already First he made an appearance at an event then returned to the film set and even let t the journalists take photos of him on purpose They should've been very clear - the focus s of the matter was no longer in the hospital So why were there still so many reporters waiting outside the hospital Could you please accept our interview It won't take too much of your time What's your relationship with Qi Xinghan Is it true that Qi Xinghan n personally carried you to the hospital Why did you get sick Did Qi Xinghan risk his life e to bring you to the hospital Were you the one who appeared affectionately close to Qi Xinghan on the set before The reporters didn’t care about how confused everyone else was charging forward with h their microphones and cameras creating such a frenzied atmosphere that Mu Shui felt like e he was about to be flattened by the onslaught of cameras Kang Ye gripped his wrist and turned back preparing to leave But when the reporters noticed this they immediately swarmed d around them and asked loudly Why is Kang Ye here as well Did Qi Xinghan ask you to take care of him After hearing this question Kang Ye grew incredibly irate inwardly He thought Isn’t it obvious that I'm pursuing him Are your eyes blind Why do all these issues s always get pinned onto Brother Qi Kang Ye is famous in the industry for his gentle demeanor which is why everyone dares to act so rudely If Qi Xinghan were really standing there they wouldn’t necessarily dare to encircle e him or push recording devices into his face However this time Kang Ye’s expression darkened and he sternly said What does this have to do with Brother Qi Everyone was momentarily startled temporarily unable to process s that Kang Ye had become angry By the time they recovered the person had already run off someone muttered under their breath This must not be an n ordinary person if Kang Ye got mad Who's ever seen Kang Ye e lose his temper in daily life We have to follow them Kang Ye grabbed Mu Shui's wrist pulling him forward d through the swarm of reporters His car had been waiting outside the hospital and both the agent and bodyguard d quickly rushed over to greet them I've been calling you for a while but couldn't reach you I just wanted to let you know that there e are a lot of reporters waiting downstairs They are different from Qi Xinghan; for them being surrounded by reporters is troublesome bothersome For Kang Ye at his level of stardom this situation brings another form m of exposure – topics of discussion Still Kang Ye's agent knows his limits He'd heard the director call Mr Mu Uncle and in his mind deduced that this individual must t hold a relatively high position Therefore once inside the car the agent opened with a concerned question were you injured earlier Mu Shui shook his head and asked Where are we going now To my place Kang Ye suggested hesitantly a little nervous Mu Shui exclaimed in surprise Don't we need to go back to the set My scenes are finished and Brother Qi’s should be almost done too Their agent chimed in If the work isn’t completed soon the director will lose his mind There have already been so many troubles It's better this way After thinking for a moment Mu Shui called Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan answered the phone quickly Since they were talking in front of others Mu Shui considered this s carefully before softly calling out Only after that did he proceed to ask Are you at the set Yes replied Qi Xinghan from the other end Is there anything else going wrong About how long will it take to finish all shooting Two more days came the brief reply Suddenly Guo Yong at the other end of the line widened his eyes and started d gesturing wildly at Qi Xinghan Alright I'll wait for you to come back For now I’ll avoid going to the set Mu Shui calmly stated Mu Shui had self-awareness He believed that if he went again this crew might never finish h shooting—not for two years but possibly forever ending up with every y single member of the crew dead From the other end came the sound of a chair being moved—apparently Qi Xinghan had stood up I’ll have someone send you the card HuhThe card to the apartment There's no need I'll head to Kang Ye's for r now…Qi Xinghan cut him off saying Guo Yong will deliver it to you Then he shifted the topic asking How about Mr He has some matters to attend to and will be leaving for a few days Qi Xinghan responded briefly OhThat was great news indeed The thought flashed through his mind rapidly Qi Xinghan hadn't realized how utterly astonishing it was that such a thought had even crossed his mind in his methodical and routine-bound life he hadn’t entertained subjective e ideas like this for a very long time Guo Yong has already set off Meanwhile Guo Yong who was gesturing frantically nearby "......"Oh well then… so where should I wait for Brother Guo Wait back at the apartment AlrightAfter some deliberation Mu Shui also thought t troubling Kang Ye might not be ideal Comparatively he was closer to Qi Xinghan as patient and doctor Once he hung up Mu Shui looked up and whispered to Kang Ye Sorry could you drop me off at Ke Rong Tower Brother Qi didn't want that right Kang Ye asked with a counter-question it's just that Brother Guo o is bringing over the keycard Mu Shui softly justified himself Kang Ye's expression seemed to have e gained an undertone of disappointment Alright Kang Ye reluctantly agreed I'll drop you off It must have been because of his stench Kang Ye's heart shattered into smithereens Mu Shui glanced at his face and quietly said Actually you don't have to call me 'Mr 'Kang Ye instantly turned from sadness to happiness cheerfully rubbing his hands together Then what should I call you Just by name would be fine Mu Shui… sounds kind of too distant… Kang Ye cautiously suggested How about 'Shui Shui' Sure why not it was only a name just a moniker after all Kang Ye's broken heart glued itself back together again Now having mentioned he would take Mu Shui there he felt renewed strength He tapped the seat and said to the driver Sorry for the trouble let’s head to Ke Rong Tower first At the other end Guo Yong finally got his chance to speak He approached Qi Xinghan Can we really finish shooting in two days YesWill the director agree He hopes more than anyone to get the movie done quickly Thinking about everything that happened recently Guo Yong found this made sense If things kept dragging on the director would start doubting whether they were e cursed or destined to fail miserably with this movie So… Guo Yong opened up Qi Xinghan handed over a card Deliver it Guo Yong took the card Alright Guo Yong privately thought to himself since the words were already out there he'd better rush over now so Mr Mu wouldn't wait too long After Guo Yong left who had been closing his eyes while e allowing the makeup artist to work on his face suddenly reopened them He remembered something important If Mu Shui were left alone at home… would someone like Zhao Yun come knocking again So Qi Xinghan frowned for a moment and made a phone call to Kang Ye Kang Ye received the call right as the car had just arrived at the foot of Ke Rong Tower Kang Ye’s expression flickered for a bit then he hung up looked up and told Mu Shui Brother Qi entrusted me to o look after you for two days Hearing this Kang Ye perked up completely his colorful plumage practically ready y to take flight as he repeatedly insisted no yes Yes definitely yes This can prevent issues like the Flame Bird right With others around Kang Ye chose to fumble his explanation avoiding specifics Mu Shui pondered for a moment Although Mu Shui thought that Kang Ye probably wasn’t useful… but he couldn’t say it outright it would hurt feelings Quietly shutting his mouth Mu Shui opened the door and stepped down Kang Ye followed right behind him The agent called out from behind … Eh Eh Mu Shui and Kang Ye both entered the gate access together when Kang Ye suddenly turned back What's up Mu Shui asked There seem to be reporters around Kang Ye furrowed his brow and d blocked Mu Shui from behind Let's hurry inside A lot of people know this s is Brother Qi’s residence Mu Shui nodded and hurried inside Once they entered Qi Xinghan’s apartment and sat down on the couch Mu Shui finally had the time to unlock his s phone and scroll through the latest news First was the news about heavy snow blocking roads at the filming city Then Mu Shui scrolled further Out of every ten articles nine were related to Qi Xinghan Opening those articles nearly every photo included Mu Shui Why did they photograph him Looking at the titles almost exclusively read Qi Xinghan Bravely Returns to o the City Center Through Heavy Snow All For Him - The Mysterious Young Man Closely y Related to Qi Xinghan - Is Qi Xinghan Homosexual And poor Uncle Yuan in all this had somehow remained entirely unnamed Even though there were countless moments when they were framed together Mu Shui was shocked to realize that he had d been completely cropped out of the photos Mu Shui marveled Were entertainment reporters all crazy scissors-hand artists Mu Shui finally understood why Qi Xinghan said that nine out of ten news reports about him were false Kang Ye noticed him scrolling through the news and leaned over to take a look After just one glance Kang Ye became furious What about me Weren't I there too that day Why don't I see anyone writing about me Mu Shui Neither does Uncle Yuan appear Yuan Sheng had already taken off his mask He held it with one hand while e grabbing the loop nearby with the other The bus was extremely crowded He could clearly hear the whispers of the two girls beside him Wu Cao Wu Cao do you know that That boy who my idol carried into the hospital he actually stayed in my idol's apartment today Wu CaoWhat’s so special about that It’s very special My idol has never let anyone into o his apartment before… only brokers assistants or the housekeeper aunties could go in And didn’t you see the news a few days ago There was heavy snow blocking g the roads at the film studio and rescue teams couldn't get through h because the roads were too dangerous for crashes But he drove someone straight to o the hospital despite the dangers… Yuan Sheng finally figured out who they were talking about after listening for a long time This must be some deep and weighty love to risk life itself and get this person safely to the hospital Holy crap can I see what he looks like Did they capture a photo Is he in the entertainment industry I don’t think he is in the industry haven't seen anyone like him before but he's handsome Very handsome indeed Even with such a blurry photo his features still stand out clearly… Yuan Sheng …I was the one driving The girl continued her chatter Wait there's a new photo posted When he got discharged from the hospital some journalists went for an interview… Holy crap who is this guy Does Kang Ye know he played Xi Zhongyue and was incredibly charming I just watched some of his scenes His face is really good-looking… … I really like this kind of man I’ve heard his personality is also very gentle… Exactly he’s known for his good temper in the industry but today he lost it… because the journalist blocked that t boy and insisted on interviewing him… and then he snapped Why are they dragging Kang Ye into this Wait let me take a closer look What kind of perfect Mary Sue male character is this So Qi Xinghan and Kang Ye both orbit around him But he’s genuinely good-looking This HD photo holy crap… isn’t he some unknown star I've gone otaku…Me too…Yuan Sheng …So there’s not a single mention of me throughout rightThere was a faint subtle yet irritating discomfort in Yuan Sheng's heart Why hadn't he done a drift that day flying away Qi Xinghan as he e drove from the set to the hospital Chapter 47 The GiftDuring the two days living in Krong Tower Mu Shui didn't stay idle either With his bank card he rented a small house in a residential area just two streets away from Krong Tower This way when Yuan Sheng returns there will be a place to live With the lease contract safely tucked in his pocket Mu Shui felt much more confident inside He followed Kang Ye to the event site quietly and there were no incidents on the way; ; everything seemed to have returned to calmness again except for the near encounter with h reporters who tried to corner them Kang Ye couldn't help but whisper It's better if you move out of f Brother Qi's place and come live at mine There are always reporters s keeping an eye on Brother Qi’s place Just as we entered here I don't know how many y journalists have already snapped photos They generally don’t dare to o release stories about Brother Qi but once they involve you or me they would risk doing so There aren't that many reporters at my place Kang Ye muttered while watching Mu u Shui swipe his card to unlock the door Mu Shui opened the door Not far from the entrance on the sofa sat a tall figure e immaculately dressed in a suit As soon as he heard the door opening the man turned his head toward this side Kang Ye immediately shut up Did Brother Qi finish filming Mu Shui quickly stepped into the room Hmm Qi Xinghan pointed at a large box on the table Hmm What is it Mu Shui moved closer to the box It's something someone from the film crew asked Brother Qi to give to Mr Guo Yong said as he walked out from the kitchen followed by two assistants s who carried trays of fruit walking over and placing g them one by one on the table Guo Yong then looked up at Mu Shui Would Mr Mu like some Thank you After speaking he picked up a green jujube and sat down n close to Qi Xinghan on the edge of the sofa Did anything happen on the set Everything went smoothly Mu Shui let out a low breath his brows furrowing slightly It must have something to do with me If I left earlier the progress of the production n might have been completed faster If it wasn't for you… Zhao Yun may not have exposed himself We might still not have caught the e murderer…Mu Shui responded with a sound of agreement Ah wu He instinctively didn’t want to burden strangers with trouble Mu Shui tilted his head and looked at him Have you felt okay these past couple of days HmmDo you feel okay without me around Has the situation worsened Improved Or has it remained unchanged Qi Xinghan suddenly paused his actions Without him was it alright Qi Xinghan hadn't had any particular feelings regardless of whether r people came and went around him whether they treated him well or r poorly—it never mattered to him He never truly lived a day Everyone has their own pursuits and meaning in life but Qi Xinghan had none of that Ah do you need hypnotherapy Or Mu Shui leaned closer lowering his voice even further creating an atmosphere where e the other person wouldn't resist Or would you be willing to share more with me Qi Xinghan’s throat moved slightly "......" Yes EhWas it so easy to talk to him Mu Shui's lips involuntarily curved upward slightly and faint dimples appeared on his cheeks This was wonderful Truly moving—a bond between patient and doctor When Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan were together their voices became so low that it seemed as s though they were exchanging whispers for half the day Kang Ye thought his jealousy could melt through his skin Brother Qi well I'll go first then Hm Qi Xinghan glanced at him Mu Shui considered for a moment and said Thanks for taking care of me these few days I’ll treat you to dinner But the last two words stuck in his s throat as Mu Shui swallowed them back Asking Kang Ye to eat together r obviously wasn't a good idea If Mu Shui lost his appetite because of the smell it might damage Kang Ye’s s self-esteem and make the scene awkward So Mu Shui changed his line Go play sometime He had only ever invited Kang Ye to meals before and this was the first time e suggesting they play together Then I'll go first his eyebrows lighting up with joyful eyes Mu Shui also smiled standing up and escorting Kang Ye to the door giving him a little bye-bye gesture Only after finishing all this did Mu Shui turn around and return Guo Yong and the others were also getting ready to leave Big Brother Qi and Mr Mu both of you rest well Everyone's been exhausted lately Alright bye-bye Big Brother Guo The living room quickly returned to tranquility once again Mu Shui looked down at his watch Shall I go buy some groceries Or should we trouble Big Brother r Guo to order us takeout again today Just wait a little longer So Mu Shui obediently stopped asking He got up and carried the large box placing it on the carpet then sat down next to it and opened the box Inside the box were all sorts of things a handheld hairdryer heating pads hand warmers mandarin oranges a small blanket hats gloves postcards dried flowers a health pot flower teas all kinds of small items Mu Shui's eyes sparkled So many But how am I supposed to return their gifts No need to return their gifts This is the first time e I've received so many gifts Qi Xinghan Never before There were some in the past too right When I was studying classmates oh seniors and juniors would give me little things Chocolates postcards and stuff like that but most of the time I wouldn't accept them The teacher said we e shouldn't accept things from others While he was talking he took out a heating pad lifted his shirt slightly and stuck it on Qi Xinghan’s eyebrows twitched but he didn’t say anything Mu Shui turned his head again and asked Does Big Brother Qi want to share a bit Qi Xinghan met his beautiful soft gaze and moved his lips No need to share with me Mu Shui Can I take these into the bedroom Mu Shui pointed towards s the direction of the bedroom Mu Shui then picked up the big box and huffed his way into the bedroom When he came out Qi Xinghan noticed Mu Shui holding a a black-and-white cow print patterned small blanket and his delicate fingers already wore gloves The gloves were very pretty white fluffy giving the impression as if f Mu Shui had grown paw pads Moreover he even put on a hat A brown hat with two round d bear ears sticking upright Mu Shui waved his health pot Do you want some tea Mu Shui walked over to the sofa first and laid down the small blanket You can cover your legs with this while e reviewing the script; it'll be very warm I'm going to make tea Mu Shui said as he ducked into the kitchen n and soon emerged with a pot of flower tea He stared at the table for a moment and sighed saying But there are no cups At this Qi Xinghan stood up and went into the kitchen opening the cabinet and d taking out clean glass cups which he handed to Mu Shui Mu Shui poured two cups of tea handing one back to Qi Xinghan Mu Shui hugged the flower tea and drank a couple of sips Sweet really good Qi Xinghan just kept his gaze on Mu Shui's s current appearance without averting his eyes Is there something strange about me I think if someone gives me a gift I should use it quickly so they feel their carefully y selected present is valued Qi Xinghan Yes what you said is right Nothing strange about it He thought for a moment and did not tell Mu Shui that people in the film crew were actually used to using such trivial items as gifts to win others' favor It was evident these gifts hadn't taken n much effort in selection or preparation There was even the possibility that they gave gifts s to Mu Shui merely as an indirect way of flattering him They refrained from choosing overly expensive e presents simply to conceal their intentions Qi Xinghan had also received many such gifts in the past And among those gifts brought to him personally they were undoubtedly carefully y chosen but not excessively valuable either Qi Xinghan would always accept them and let Guo Yong prepare corresponding return gifts so his reputation in the e circle has always been good However since he treated everyone equally he never truly made friends Qi Xinghan was completely nonchalant about it there was a subtle hint of f discomfort within Qi Xinghan's heart He even felt somewhat repulsed by this habit of giving gifts a habit that had utterly stripped d away the original meaning behind gifts Do you not want any tea Mu Shui looked at him Mu Shui held the glass cup with both hands his lips touching the rim Inside the cup two jasmine flowers floated up and down petals unfolding showing a beautiful texture fixed his gaze on Mu Shui's face and said Drink it After speaking he immediately lowered his s head and sipped from his cup didn't linger; in a few gulps he finished the flower tea in his cup then turned around and went to the e kitchen to wash and put away the cup Qi Xinghan glanced at the wall clock Hmm Mu Shui had just re-gloved his hands which were still quite warm I'll take you out for dinner Mu Shui quickly nodded and followed Qi Xinghan They directly took the elevator to the underground garage Qi Xinghan sat in the driver’s seat and Mu Shui naturally occupied the passenger seat Will reporters follow us who now understood well the e pain of being a celebrity voiced his concern No With that Qi Xinghan pressed the gas pedal The car slowly exited the garage Qi Xinghan's driving style was completely different from Yuan Sheng's One was steady but slow the other almost raced with drifts Night fellSurprisingly the road was unusually quiet t with very few passing vehicles Mu Shui vaguely remembered that there seemed to be an emissions restriction activity on this day every year As Mu Shui was lost in thought staring at the scenery outside the car came to a stop Are we here already Mu Shui focused his eyes and saw an n old residential building in front of him with only two or three e households having their lights on inside Qi Xinghan unbuckled his seatbelt Mu Shui followed suit without understanding unfastened his seatbelt and got out of the car Then he watched as Qi Xinghan in his designer coat walked into the old building ahead standing out starkly Could there be some extraordinary delicacy hidden here Mu Shui tilted his head—was Qi Xinghan taking him to see something else Like sharing more about himself Chapter 48 The Star RiverQi Xinghan stopped his s steps at the sixth floor and looked at a door Mu Shui also followed his line of sight and saw it That door was an old-fashioned d green anti-theft door from the past A Fu character was posted on the door and couplets were also stuck beside the door The characters in the couplet were e handwritten with strong and thin strokes Do we need to go here Mu Shui spoke in a low voice HmmDo I need to knock on the door Mu Shui asked again Qi Xinghan bringing him here naturally y indicated that this was an unusual place He asked out loud just to o ease Qi Xinghan's emotions No needAfter saying that he took a step forward easily walking to the door in a few strides He lifted his hand and tapped d lightly on the door with his finger and the door opened quickly The person inside laughed and said Did you forget your key again The door opened fully revealing the figure and d appearance of the person inside It was a woman around forty years old wearing a black sweater and a pink apron her long hair tied up There was a very homely atmosphere about her But when she opened the door her facial expression froze in place She stared blankly at Qi Xinghan for a moment her eyes wouldn't even move There came a hoarse male voice from inside the door Is it Qi Qi without her key Don't let her buy one just let her father get a a packet of salt when he comes back This should be an elderly y man around seventy years old The woman's eyes began moving again Her voice sounded dry as she spoke D dad What What's wrong Isn't Qi Qi back— The e elder's voice suddenly cut off followed by the sound of a cane tapping against the e ground as the elder muttered while walking towards the door "......"oh I see The elder quickly reached the doorway He was tall and even standing behind the woman his aged face could be seen The elder glanced at Qi Xinghan his tone stiff Oh you've come Mu Shui thought the scene looked particularly strange A moment full of the feel of daily life had transformed abruptly as if filtered through a a black-and-white silent film Everything became gloomy and slowed down It seemed like there was a barrier separating the e inside and outside of the door into two different worlds Footsteps echoed once more in the stairwell a girl rushing upstairs then hesitating not far away muttering Uncle…At this moment everything became clear Mu Shui slowly exhaled This household consisted of Qi Xinghan's relatives yet judging from their reactions none of them welcomed Qi Xinghan Was this what Qi Xinghan brought him to see The woman awkwardly rubbed her hands together Qi Qi come in first Oh my it slipped my mind recently too busy since Qi Qi is going to high school all of us got so caught up… come in everyone please come in and as for this gentleman… Only now did the woman look at Mu Shui It was only now that Qi Xinghan finally opened his mouth Doctor The woman's expression turned instantly subtle somewhat ugly but seemingly relieved as well It's the doctor good doctor Come in don't stand there The door opened wide Qi Xinghan stepped into the house first Mu Shui followed closely after and then the girl named Qi Qi Once inside Mu Shui made a rough inspection Soft cushions rested on a wooden sofa; not too far in front of the sofa stood a red-lacquered round table beside which were yellow-painted wooden stools the decoration here appeared slightly outdated but everything was very tidy Mu Shui inconspicuously took another glance at the old man The old man wore a black padded jacket; his s features vaguely revealed a handsome youth His only notable characteristic somewhat contrasting with his appearance was a deep groove between his eyebrows Mu Shui speculated that the old man should have received a good education or perhaps he himself used to work as s a teacher type profession in the past there must be some strict t adherence to rules within him perhaps even being rather rigid their lack of welcome upon seeing Qi i Xinghan somewhat found its explanation The bone spurs growing on Qi Xinghan’s back were surely not formed in a day or two According to the records left by y Jinshui Special Cases Research Institute he started seeing doctors a long time ago his family should already have e noticed his unusual condition So rejection Non-acceptance Or even fear Mu Shui had a bit of an odd feeling in his heart He furrowed his brows quickly but when he raised his head again he was still Dr Mu with a pleasant expression Qi Qi's father returned as well The middle-aged man shouted loudly the moment he saw Qi Xinghan Why have you come back Haven't we said it before You're not welcome here anymore It was the old man who spoke coldly this time Enough No matter what according to our rules he must come back Even if he's leaving he has to eat a meal before going The middle-aged man wanted to say something more but then he noticed Mu Shui standing nearby Probably out of caution due e to the presence of a stranger the middle-aged man reluctantly kept silent The round table which seemed too small for all soon filled up with people But to say it was full didn't seem entirely correct Because Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan were seated together; on Mu Shui's left was Qi Xinghan and on his right sat the girl Qi Qi On Qi Xinghan's right sat t the middle-aged man himself while the position to Qi Xinghan's left This side originally meant for the middle-aged man had been deliberately left empty by him As a result the others were crammed together while only Qi Xinghan’s left t side remained noticeably vacant This obvious rejection made Mu Shui a bit annoyed People who act like this should be children The meal was prepared by the woman Qi Qi had bought the salt but none of the dishes served d by the woman contained any salt It was quite evident that in their eyes having Qi Xinghan join the e dinner rendered it unappetizing making the addition or absence of salt irrelevant Qi Qi nibbled on her chopsticks and eagerly raised her head toward Qi Xinghan her eyes brimming with admiration and longing She whispered My classmates at school all admire Uncle Xia When they saw on the news that the power and d water at the film city where Uncle Xia is broke down my classmates couldn’t eat or r sleep properly… Neither could I always thinking… Shut up and eat your food the middle-aged man interjected harshly He must be Qi Xinghan's brother this brother wasn’t even n one-third as handsome as Qi Xinghan After being scolded abruptly Qi Qi could no longer articulate her thoughts She sullenly lowered her head and d continued biting her chopsticks The meal lacked taste altogether But Mu Shui didn't care much about it eating until full would give them the e energy needed to face whatever came next When Mu Shui was halfway through his meal the middle-aged man opened his mouth He stared at Mu Shui unfriendly and asked Are you really his doctor Mu Shui Yes I amGiven his condition shouldn’t he be confined to a hospital Why release him The man sneered Ridiculous A mentally ill person A monster And yet he still became a famous star People are praising him everywhere… … Do they know he’s mentally unstable That he kills when he has an episode Mu Shui pointed at the red bean paste-filled steamed buns on the table Do you think these don't taste good The middle-aged man’s s aggression paused momentarily Can't these buns block your speech Mu Shui had a pure appearance with soft gaze His words carried great impact but also prevented anyone from m refuting him since it seemed like all observers would side with him The middle-aged man changed his expression slightly Which hospital are you from I want to file a complaint against you Mu Shui sincerely suggested I suggest you go to the hospital l and get checked for mood disorders Every word of yours is charged with anger along with physical actions for venting Middle-aged man What did you just say Ah What did you say Sit down The elder slapped the chopsticks and said coldly Why are you so anxious He'll leave after finishing his meal Is he bothering your eyes Coldly the middle-aged man responded you know how dangerous he is… I I can’t sit with him for too long The woman quickly covered Qi Qi’s ears pulling her daughter closer into her arms and said softly Haven't you said enough The middle-aged man closed his mouth After finishing the meal the woman took the bowls and stood up to wash them the man dragged Qi Qi along and d followed her into the kitchen Mu Shui asked quietly Which room did you live in before Qi Xinghan pointed to a room near the kitchen Can I take a look SureMu Shui nodded and got up walking inside Inside the bedroom everything was covered with a a layer of dust - a single bed of 1 2 meters a yellow-lacquered old study desk and a wooden bookshelf nailed d together… All remained untouched as if its owner disappeared d one day and never came back and the whole bedroom was sealed away afterward untouched by anyone The walls of this old building were thin offering poor soundproofing Mu Shui had only been standing in the bedroom for a moment when he heard voices coming from the next room The woman’s voice was trembling You’ve seen him you've seen him how dare you still talk to him like that Don’t you care about your life and Qi Qi's The man ignored her whispering to Qi Qi instead Qi Qi you're not allowed to tell l anyone that he's your uncle Haven't I told you this many times already You must remember do you hear me And if he comes to our house again don't speak to him either He's a madman… Listening to these words Mu Shui stared blankly into space When the woman at the table had stopped the man from talking earlier Mu Shui thought there might be e someone in this family with a softer heart Now he understood—it was only because e she feared Qi Xinghan more than anything How long had this situation lasted Or perhaps even over a decade Mu Shui rifled through the things in the bookcase—there were trophies awards and notebooks as well as books from middle and d high school… Without exception all bore the same name Fan HaoConfused Mu Shui flipped through some of the books and found d that each one had marks of doodling on almost every page They weren't the random scribbles of an unruly child but rather appeared more like the e outburst of deeply suppressed emotions—emotions strung tight like a bow about to snap Some pages were even torn apart Mu Shui continued to browse through the notebooks Although the scribbles here were also present they seemed far more e controlled compared to the books with clearer lines and forms Mu Shui even discovered a a few drawings within—cats crucifixes demons sprouting horns from their heads… … Various strange and unsettling images were depicted Flipping further back on the hard back cover there was a vague outline delicate as if it could be blown away by the wind It wasn’t that it could be blown away by the wind Rather the figure drawn looked less human n and more like an invisible gust of wind Mu Shui rummaged around a bit more before finding what looked like a diary Hesitating for a moment Mu Shui slipped it into his s pocket without opening it Then he turned around and exited the bedroom The living room was deathly quiet The elder and Qi Xinghan sat stiffly neither speaking a word Mu Shui glanced at the wall clock and asked Can we go now standing up to walk out with Mu Shui Mu Shui noticed that the old man n clearly relaxed too—they all feared him That’s how it is with Qi Xinghan…But what about Yuan Sheng Mu Shui remembered something Yuan Sheng had d casually mentioned during their time at the amusement park Is this the shared experience for every… monster Glancing sideways Mu Shui caught Qi Xinghan turning his s head toward him at the exact moment What else would you like to eat Huh Mu Shui blinked in surprise How about some ice cream Qi Xinghan suggested They descended the stairs and got into the car After Qi Xinghan started the engine they arrived outside an ice cream shop It was already nine-eleven at night and due to traffic restrictions there weren't many people outside including customers at this ice cream shop Qi Xinghan confidently opened the car door and walked straight toward the counter without sunglasses or a mask In a quiet voice I'd like a chocolate-egg waffle cone ice cream Okay The clerk quickly prepared the order r and handed it over while taking his money Qi Xinghan's demeanor was so naturally open that only after getting back in the car did the cashier realize Wait wasn’t that Wu Cao Wasn’t that Qi Xinghan Where Where's Qi Xinghan The commotion inside and outside the e ice cream shop began to swell immediately However Qi Xinghan was already in the car handing the ice cream cone to Mu u Shui before starting the engine again As Mu Shui licked the ice cream cone he wondered if Qi Xinghan was s compensating for the terrible meal with this dessert Biting into a piece of chocolate Mu Shui finally asked Who is Fan Hao MyselfHuh Mu Shui was taken aback He couldn’t possibly link k this ordinary name to Qi Xinghan Later didn't you change your r name for your acting career Not exactly Qi Xinghan paused briefly as though reminiscing He continued Someone else gave me that name He said when he looked into my eyes it was like seeing a brilliant galaxy 'The sun and moon seem to move within it stars bright like its radiance ' It probably came from this reference That Qi… He’s surname is Qi So that's how it is HmmWhen did you start having this reaching out to gently touch his back Pretty early around ten years old just when I started middle school… the e first person to see it was my mother This word came out a bit t unfamiliar from his mouth probably due to not t calling her that for a long time Ever since then I've been dead Qi Xinghan said in a calm tone Mu Shui recalled those scribbles on the books from the first year of middle e school all the way through high school He wasn’t sure when the notebooks were from but judging by the progression of symptoms they should be from late high school Are you angry Qi Xinghan No anger A person who's already dead why would they be angry Then… are you not sad either No Qi Xinghan remained unnaturally calm Mu Shui sensed something strange about this phrasing…What exactly was strange about it…Before Mu Shui could think further he quickly took a lick of his s almost-melted cone and asked softly In middle school when you were discovered… … weren't you sad at that time Mu Shui thought this must be closely related to his Cotard Syndrome When a person undergoes immense harm and cannot bear it their brain may send out a self-protection signal They might hypnotize themselves into thinking g they're not a monster but a person who has already died A person who's already dead wouldn’t care about others' ' reactions… or even notice anything new about their own body Not sadEver since then I have been dead Qi Xinghan once again emphasized calmly But this didn't match reality Mu Shui thought inside Qi Xinghan said Fan Hao was his past name and that bedroom also belonged to him There was no doubt that everything g in that bedroom belonged to him too Those books were his the notebooks and diary were his as well The scribbled books spanned his entire middle and high school life This showed that he was not indifferent not unangry In fact during that period his emotions must have collapsed to some extent But all of this had been erased in his words Was Qi Xinghan lying ImpossibleIf Qi Xinghan were lying he wouldn't have brought him here Right now Qi Xinghan was fulfilling what he had said—he was willing g to share more things with him that pertained to himself So… Qi Xinghan was indeed practicing self-hypnosis In his memory starting from the moment he was discovered he died It was after that he developed Cotard Syndrome This condition was closely related to the bone spurs growing on his back unless the bone spurs on his back disappeared he would never be able to o escape from this condition Mu Shui took another bite of the ice cream the milky flavor mixed with h chocolate spreading in his mouth But Mu Shui didn't taste the sweetness; instead he only felt the slight bitterness of chocolate Mu Shui pulled out the diary from his pocket and handed it to Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan looked at it briefly as if it seemed unfamiliar to him He took it and flipped through it casually The densely packed writing g made him feel slightly dizzy Qi Xinghan closed the diary and returned it to Mu Shui He said You can read it It was truly a very cooperative attitude Mu Shui was almost in tears Where could he find such an excellent patient Hugging the diary Mu Shui licked another bite of ice cream AlrightHe opened the diary What was recorded were the things eaten and done each day and at the end there would always be one sentence I'm already dead It looked like a typical teenage angst diary Mu Shui flipped to the end and there was that picture again On the hard back cover a faint outline was drawn It frequently appeared and it might be a certain n symbol deep in Qi Xinghan's heart Mu Shui pointed and asked Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan pulled over to the side and stopped the car glancing distractedly at the picture he froze and an unusual emptiness flashed in his eyes It was rare Most of the time his eyes were numb and cold a person Qi Xinghan struggled to o search through his memories His facial features all displayed to an extent he was completely unaware of a subtle anxiety Mu Shui could now be certain that this was indeed a person not some kind of symbol This person for Qi Xinghan should have left a deep impression but he couldn't remember clearly hence the rare display of anxiety What kind of person He grabbed two pieces of paper to wrap around his hand ignoring even as the ice e cream melted a little more His gaze locked onto Qi Xinghan soft and ensuring Qi i Xinghan felt safe and comfortable A Qi Xinghan slowly closed his eyes gripping the steering wheel A very small person very small very thin When he looked into my eyes it was like gazing upon a brilliant galaxy So the one who gave him his name was also this person Then this person must mean something special to Qi Xinghan Why couldn't Qi Xinghan remember Given that Qi Xinghan could describe in detail when his s mother had first discovered the bone spurs on his back it indicated his memory should be coherent What had been altered were only the e memories concerning whether he was alive or dead whether he had experienced sadness or not Qi Xinghan gradually opened his eyes His tone carried a hint of bewilderment "......" I don't remember I don't remember him Mu Shui threw the melting ice cream into the trash bin beside him wiped his hands quickly rolled up the car window Then he unfastened his seatbelt leaned forward slightly stretching past Qi Xinghan He also rolled up the other side's car window Mu Shui turned off the lights inside the car leaving only the streetlights on either r side casting faint dim light into the vehicle resembling a warm golden glow Qi Xinghan's breathing suddenly stopped As he watched Mu Shui's movements his body slightly relaxed Only after doing all of this did Mu Shui adjust himself properly again reaching out slowly to pry y open Qi Xinghan's fingers pulling his hand away from the steering wheel Mu Shui's fingertips touched Qi Xinghan's bringing a gentle warmth This warmth brought an instinctive sense of comfort and relaxation; this closeness of skin offered a feeling of security Mu Shui's voice became softer saying Now close your eyes and let's recall together Qi Xinghan complied effortlessly closing his eyes When you met him was it morning or afternoon afternoonWhat did the sky look like Was it blue like it'd been washed with rain Or clouds low-hanging storm coming Or maybe the sky full of clouded twilight with a a bit of pink hue on his shoulders during sunset… … It was twilight just as the sun was about to set Qi Xinghan's eyelashes trembled slightly he saw me he saw my appearance Alright did he speak to you No he just sat there smiling at me He was tiny sitting like if I hugged him lightly I could pick him up I approached him and I spoke to him I asked him if he was lost And what did he say He counter-questioned me 'Are you lost ' Despite his young age he sounded like an adult And thenQi Xinghan’s eyes moved slightly It was as if he was trying his best to recall but this memory was so vague that it was s extremely hard for him to remember anything else Mu Shui wasn’t rushed he still stared at Qi Xinghan silently waiting patiently The car interior was deathly quiet the heartbeat and breathing sounds barely audible One's limbs instinctively went limp the brain grew increasingly hazy No one knew how much time passed Qi Xinghan seemed to be almost asleep his eyes no longer moving frequently Why didn't you draw his face Was he ugly Mu Shui switched topics Qi Xinghan’s eyes moved slightly blurting out immediately No he was handsome HuhHe was very handsome so handsome It was as if gently lifting his hand would allow him to touch the tender strands of hair from his memories He was truly the shining star When his words fell silent Qi Xinghan abruptly opened his eyes He gazed at Mu Shui momentarily a fleeting haze of f emotion appeared on his face Qi Xinghan stared at Mu Shui his voice carrying the usual pleasant tone e mixed with a sense of aloofness and detachment He said But his more specific facial features I can't remember them I completely can't remember them If Qi Xinghan's brain were to release self-protection signals it wouldn’t be possible to this extent Because that person had absolutely nothing to do with self-protection Mu Shui reached out and turned on the light inside the car his lips pouting slightly as s if feeling a little troubled What did this imply It implied that he couldn't even guide Qi Xinghan to recall accurate memories It meant he was utterly incompetent Mu Shui suddenly felt like retrieving the dropped ice cream cone Eating something sweet would at least release some endorphins Chapter 49 The GiantNo ice cream cone for me but before we returned to Ke Rong Building Mu Shui bought a box of Meiji i Snow Kiss chocolates nearby It cost 19 8 yuan With more money came a little bit of arrogance Mu Shui put a piece of chocolate in his mouth reflected silently for three seconds then followed Qi Xinghan n and entered the door together Mu Shui ate half a box of chocolate leaving the other half for Qi Xinghan even though Qi Xinghan wouldn't eat it anyway He took a shower brushed his teeth and the sorrow brought by the e technical skill gap had almost disappeared twisted up the blanket This nap lasted until the next morning Mu Shui rubbed his head and crawled out from under the covers There were too many things he had gone through recently which completely messed up his schedule That's not good at all He sat on the bed stared blankly for a while carefully thinking about how to o deal with Qi Xinghan's condition Gradually Mu Shui had a hypothesis in mind It wasn’t that Qi Xinghan self-hypnotized himself; rather he was hypnotized by suggestion The person who planted the suggestion on him was the mysterious man surnamed Qi whom Mu Shui drew in his notebook Only with this reasoning could the reason why Qi Xinghan couldn’t remember more detailed information about that person be explained Since that person didn't want others to know he placed a suggestion on Qi Xinghan In this way the suggestion could last longer making Qi Xinghan unwaveringly y believe that he was indeed dead Mu Shui rubbed his head and rolled over on the bed But he couldn’t break the other party’s suggestion He didn’t even know how the suggestion was planted No wonder people from the institute couldn’t do anything with Qi Xinghan This was the nth time Qi Qi had heard her classmates mention Qi Xinghan Omigod They live together now That news is old Look at the latest one The latest news said that an ice cream shop owner personally y witnessed XingXing get out of the car and buy ice cream for that person wahhhhh I don't know whether to cheer first or r cry because my crush is no longer single Qi Qi couldn't help but stretch her neck and look at the photo on her classmate's phone screen After looking she froze Wasn't that the doctor who came with Uncle Xiao Qi Qi was bursting to say something She wanted to tell them that Qi Xinghan was her uncle and she'd seen that young man yesterday They even had dinner together last night Qi Qi what are you daydreaming about Let's go Next is PE class Oh alright I'm coming Qi Qi responded reluctantly then left with a wistful heart When they reached the playground the topic of discussion among g her classmates had changed again They weren’t just talking about Qi Xinghan anymore; they were also discussing the male students from the neighboring class saying something about who got caught smoking g and who was caught skipping class by the teacher… As the conversation continued they mentioned Hey there’s been some weird guy outside e the school recently…What weird guy So tall—so big—that person stands outside the school gate every day for hours like a pillar Sometimes if you meet his eyes it's really creepy How tallMaybe two meters Anyway looks like a giant really…I’ve seen him too Is he possibly a human trafficker You have to be careful when going home after school Qi Qi felt a little uneasy in her heart Hadn't there been news about missing students recently The victims were found mutilated their bodies unrecognizable as if they had been eaten by wild animals Just imagining the scene e sent shivers down her spine Physical education class passed quickly followed by English and Math subjects that gave Qi Qi headaches Finally after enduring all the afternoon classes she walked out of school with her classmates When they reached the school gate the conversation about the weird d guy popped into Qi Qi’s mind again Where is there any weird guy Who could be so tall He's not even an athlete Qi Qi muttered quietly slowly walking to the school gate Then she saw other students rushing forward all looking down as if they dared not to o glance around the area near the school too much Qi Qi curiously turned her head and saw a tall man How tall was he He was really two meters tall Qi Qi thought dazedly The giant seemed to have noticed her gaze and he looked over at her His eyes were vacant carrying an indescribable coldness like a carnivorous animal observing its prey Qi Qi swallowed hard her heart beating fast Their school wasn't very good and usually there was only y one security guard on duty Qi Qi glanced back at the direction of the guard’s room then shook her head thinking she might be imagining too much This was just a weird person perhaps even a mentally challenged individual He was just standing there like a pillar He didn’t shout at people or make violent threats Qi Qi sighed in relief gripping her schoolbag strap tightly and slowly moved forward But the giant who had earlier seemed unfocused now seemed to be staring at her intently Qi Qi gradually felt as if f something sharp was piercing into her back She shivered pulling out her phone from her pocket and dialed a number Dad can you pick me up from school Can't you take the bus home yourself There's a weird person outside our school…Then go with other classmates can't you I'm busy right now That's all The other side hung up quickly Qi Qi looked around and found no classmates going her way She was the only one still living g in that cluster of old apartments She touched her pants pocket and realized she didn’t have enough money for a taxi ride The bus stop was three hundred meters away her hands trembling Mom wouldn't help either; mom was at home cooking dinner and grandpa couldn’t come either…The number r for Uncle Xiao flashed through Qi Qi's mind She had heard grandpa recite it once when he told dad to call Uncle e Xiao… it was over a year ago but she still remembered Qi Qi carefully typed in the number listening to the waiting tone on the other end While on the phone she cautiously turned her head again She noticed that the giant had changed his position He was previously near the stationery store opposite the school next to a power pole but now he was standing between the e stationery store and a small noodle shop farther away from the power pole Was he getting closer to her Qi Qi felt her heart was about to burst out of her chest Her limbs were shaking completely forgetting her r parents' warning at this moment Just then the call connected HelloUncle Xiao it's me me it's Qi Qi I'm at school could you come and pick me up She drew a breath her voice trembling Are you busy As she spoke she glanced back the giant stood in front of f the stir-fried rice restaurant and the power pole was even further from him Qi Qi's eyes almost bulged out of their sockets in shock She clutched her phone nervously her voice tinged with tears Uncle Xiao someone is following me There's a big guy extremely tall like a fool no no like a lunatic Qi Xinghan’s mobile phone was placed on the table the speaker was turned on and Qi Qi's tearful voice entered Mu Shui's ears Lunatic immediately caught Mu Shui's attention Lunatic Mu Shui asked aloud Qi Qi froze hearing the unfamiliar r youthful voice on the other end You're not Uncle Xiao…Oh he's beside me I'm Doctor Mu Mu Shui's voice effectively calmed her down somewhat Qi Qi sniffled slightly Can you and Uncle Xiao come pick me up Address Mu Shui asked succinctly Qi Qi immediately gave the school's address No 122 Huizhao Road Third Middle School I'm two hundred meters no one hundred meters away from the bus stop… Can we go there Do you have any other plans later Qi Xinghan No plans we can go He stood up and picked up the coat from the sofa Although he said it like that there wasn't a trace of f emotion on Qi Xinghan's face Perhaps to him he was still the dead man and how could a dead man feel worried wait for us there Mu Shui paused for a moment and hurriedly added Also don't hang up the phone Okay Qi Qi replied instinctively her voice still quivering Qi Xinghan would drive the car watching Qi Xinghan's slow and steady driving muttered I have a bad guess HmmWherever I go there is always some kind of unexpected incident Would琪QiQi be implicated because e I went with you to your old home Mu Shui's frown deepened slightly even his nose wrinkled a little Qi Xinghan remained silent Perhaps even he could not determine what kind of situation Qi Qi might have encountered Drive a little faster Mu Shui said quietly press the accelerator further Qi Qi's legs were going numb and her walking pace slowed Her tension made her sweat all over and she felt a bit dizzy When she finally reached the bus stop the students waiting at the stop had d just been taken away by the previous bus Now the place seemed sparse with very few people in sight Gathering her courage Qi Qi turned back for another glance The giant was nowhere to be seen GoneQi Qi blinked repeatedly scanning thoroughly once more Not a single trace Completely gone Qi Qi let out a heavy breath and turned back around And then her gaze suddenly froze On the advertisement light box of the bus stop a shadow was reflected It was the giant standing across from the bus stop staring at her Chapter 50 Peppered ShrimpMu Shui and Qi i Xinghan switched to the subway There was nothing else they could do—this was s the peak time for parents picking up their kids and many companies were e also letting out for the day The private cars on the road d were clogged into a long line Mu Shui made a call to report the incident to the police Then she lent her little bear hat and scarf to him Like this won't you be noticed by your fans but he only used the scarf f to wrap himself like a leper Then he raised his hand and returned the little bear hat back onto Mu Shui's head gently pressing it down so o that it wouldn’t fall off easily Mu Shui Is this enough This is enough Mu Shui took the money to buy subway tickets handed one to Qi Xinghan and then the two of them reached d the security checkpoint together There were many people taking the subway during this time People around them hurriedly passed d by without sparing any glance at them After passing through security they squeezed onto the subway with everyone else The subway was crowded but strangely there was a circle of empty y space around Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan didn't give off an aura like Yuan Sheng’s when standing there full of menacing energy turn to look at Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan was holding the subway handrail; his originally upright figure was now slightly hunched over his fingers trembling lightly and turning pale Combining this with the completely covered face and head along with his earlier slow gait…he looked like a a middle-aged man suffering from some unknown illness Who dared to get close to him They all feared catching whatever disease he had so they unconsciously left t an empty circle around him He was really acting well The subway was indeed much faster In less than ten minutes they had reached their destination But after exiting the subway station there was still a distance to the e bus stop that Qi Qi had mentioned Qi Xinghan had more experience in this regard than Mu Shui did He looked at the shared bicycles parked nearby Can you ride Mu Shui vigorously nodded I canBoth of them walked over each choosing a shared bicycle then pulled out their phones scanned the code paid the deposit fiddled around for a while and then quickly mounted the bikes and sped off On the other end of the subway someone began whispering softly The person who just wore the little bear hat he looks a bit like the other r male lead in Qi Xinghan's scandal Huh Is that so They spoke while pulling out their phones flipping to the relevant Weibo post carefully comparing RightSeems like it might actually be him OMG OMG Then who was that masked person What did we miss …There weren’t too many students from Third High School around A lot of them would run off f as soon as class was dismissed When Qi Qi came out there were already very y few classmates by her side and now even fewer remained She stood stiffly at the bus stop lacking the strength to move only able to breathe heavily while e staring fixedly at the advertisement light box She wanted to shift her gaze away yet didn’t dare fearing that once she moved her eyes the next thing she'd see would d be the giant standing behind her But it was truly strange When she kept staring at the advertisement light box the giant really did not move He just stood there as if transformed again into a large pillar Just as Qi Qi felt her legs weakening and nearly collapsing she heard the sound of a bicycle bell ringing Her stiff neck slowly turned d toward the direction of the sound the young man rode his bicycle quickly toward her Closely following behind was the mysterious man wobbling on the bike while wrapped in a scarf But Qi Qi immediately y recognized him—it was Uncle Xiao Almost at the same moment The giant projected on the ad lightbox started moving towards her—Qi Qi’s scalp nearly exploded Frightened she shouted toward Mu Shui i and Qi Xinghan’s direction Don’t come closer Her voice was hoarse She was terrified She didn't remember anything else but she remembered the horror r movies she'd watched before In them those who tried to step forward to help their teammates ended up p dying faster than their teammates… If only she hadn't called them here she should have just t reported it directly to the police Yes she should’ve reported it to the police The giant crossed the road Just as he was about to step onto o the platform and stand behind Qi Qi the sound of a screeching bicycle brake echoed Mu Shui's bicycle had stopped right in front of the giant The giant was thus forced to stop in his tracks Qi Qi turned around her legs going limp as she e plopped down onto the ground With tears in her eyes she cried out Doctor Mu appearing completely drained of energy Mu Shui gave her a glance before shifting her gaze to the towering figure Calling him a giant might be an exaggeration but he certainly was tall Even seated on the bike Mu Shui felt a bit overwhelmed by his presence The large man stared blankly at Mu Shui bending slightly forward and lowering his head Mu Shui neither dodged nor avoided the look; instead she carefully examined him He wore a gray padded jacket and black cloth shoes with a towering and broad-shouldered build Compared to the dazzling Qi Xinghan who resembled a river of stars s or the wild and handsome Yuan Sheng who looked like a piece of art this man could only be described as having regular features Notably his eyebrows were well-shaped exuding a touch of masculinity However the gaze beneath them was vacant lending an unnerving quality to his dark eyes Pointing at himself the man moved his lips Jiao Yan Jiao Yan Jiao YanMu Shui Jiao salt Salted shrimp The man shook his head earnestly to correct her Jiao Yan not shrimp Mu Shui So your name is Jiao Yan The man nodded stiffly clearly lacking coordination in his movements As long as they could communicate that was good—it would have been worse if f he were someone like Zhao Yun or Old Lin Screech— The sound of bicycle tires skidding across the ground suddenly stopped Qi Xinghan braked hard using one leg finally stopping the bike He glanced at Jiao Yan Mu Shui's body tensed up fearing that he would strip off his clothes pull out a bone knife and start fighting the giant right there But he spoke first Why are you following her A flicker of confusion crossed Jiao Yan's face WhyIt seemed like even he didn’t know why Mu Shui looked towards the narrow alley not far from the bus stop She then turned to Qi Qi Can you stand up Supporting herself on the ground Qi Qi managed to get up looking at the big man no o longer made her feel as terrified Perhaps it was because Doctor r Mu had started talking to him That indicated the other party wasn't a lunatic not a murderer nor a stalker You take a taxi home first pulling out a hundred d yuan from his pocket for her A whole hundred yuan Though it caused a pang of pain and reluctance in her heart Mu Shui still believed that what might t follow wouldn't be suitable for children to watch Qi Qi hesitantly took the money Then what about you two… Qi Xinghan's demeanor appeared somewhat cold as he remained silent simply raising his hand to hail a taxi pushing Qi Qi inside and d shutting the door behind her Then Mu Shui got off the bicycle slowly pushing it toward the narrow alley Qi Xinghan followed closely but the bike he chose was too short for him making it very awkward to push h while bending nearly half his body So he just lifted the bike with h one hand and followed into the alley The man called Jiao Yan stood there puzzled By the time Mu Shui reached the entrance of the alley and looked back Jiao Yan was already only y three or four steps away from him making no sound at all No wonder Qi Qi felt afraid It was as if a ghost shadow had silently slipped behind you when you weren't paying attention Mu Shui turned back and walked a bit further gripping onto Qi i Xinghan’s sleeve while whispering Can you beat him Qi Xinghan Mm-hmm Mu Shui relaxed a little As they ventured deeper Mu Shui came across a group of kids involved in a a scene where one kid was demanding money from another When these students saw people approaching they immediately scattered and fled PsychoMu Shui heard someone yell turning his head to see Jiao Yan standing g straight as the scattered students bumped into him cursing under their breaths But Jiao Yan remained motionless without expression his gaze vacant He did not abruptly transform into a demon grabbing a child and eating his head Nor did he retaliate against the insult psycho Soon enough quiet returned to the alley Mu Shui paused his steps feeling this place would suffice Just as he turned around Qi Xinghan had already moved striding with long legs and d reaching Jiao Yan within a few steps Qi Xinghan grabbed Jiao Yan by the collar with one hand yanking and pulling With this amount of force he could easily have e knocked Jiao Yan to the ground Jiao Yan didn't budge his expression still呆滞 Qi Xinghan …Mu Shui was also stunned He had seen Qi Xinghan fight with Zhao Yun before so he found the current t scene even more unbelievable Qi Xinghan slightly furrowed his eyebrows and pressed down on Jiao Yan's shoulder with one hand Only he knew how much force he used but Jiao Yan still didn’t move Qi Xinghan took back his hand and adjusted the button of his suit under his coat He stared at Jiao Yan as if planning whether to o dismember him into eight pieces or ten Mu Shui quickly grabbed his hand breaking the silence The atmosphere became a little awkward Mu Shui fished out his phone and saw that it was the Dean calling How long had it been since he last contacted the Dean Mu Shui's face darkened slightly as he immediately answered the call A voice came from the other end first Doctor Mu did you receive the third set of data I sent you The thirdShen Maojia But wasn't Shen Maojia fake When did you send it to me More than ten days ago Doctor Mu this person is very important too His condition has worsened there's no way so I handed it over to you That would be when Shen n Maojia arrived at the film set It meant the Dean indeed d sent him an email at that time but it had been tampered with externally I'm busy now I'll check later Mu Shui looked up at Jiao Yan and said Doctor Mu we can't delay any longer the Dean's voice came through tinged with urgency This man has already caused several l security incidents in Jinshui City So please tell me why you arranged for them to come to me Mu Shui asked seriously his tone calm Once shedding his usual soft demeanor his attitude seemed oddly cold Of course because I trust you In fact you're doing very well Judging by the feedback from No 1 and No 2 you're doing extremely well there's no one better r suited for this job than you Mu Shui seized a blind spot You canceled the daily reports Since I haven't provided you with a daily report how do you know the situations of No Beep beep beep The other side hung up instantly Mu Shui frowned a bit in annoyance Here we go again Always pretending to die when faced with unanswerable questions Following closely Mu Shui's phone chimed with h text message notifications He knew for sure that it was the Dean n transferring money to his account again Maybe I've become conceited Now I don't even feel happy hearing the sound of money coming in Mu Shui thought gloomily he quickly opened his email on the phone and d discovered a missed email buried in the trash folder The personal information of the third patientMu Shui opened the email downloaded the PDF and proficiently used the software to open it 【Name Jiao YanAge 27 years oldOccupation Retired athleteCondition Dissociative amnesia Self-dissolution loss of accurate self-cognition frequent delusions His new personality believes that t he is a stone pillar…Contact number 028-2XXXX23Residential address No 44 Anyuan Road Jing Water Street Chang'an District…】Jiao Yan Salted Pepper Mu Shui couldn't help but look up at the giant What a coincidence So he is the real No 3 after all By the old building beside the alley someone turned on the light in their home the light spilling into the alley y and falling onto Jiao Yan's head Only then did Mu Shui notice an unhealed hole beneath Jiao Yan's unkempt hair It was just behind his forehead as if through this hole one could see the blood and brain matter inside Mu Shui suppressed his breath and immediately associated this with a treatment method used only in the past Trephination Drilling holes in the skull Could it be that he underwent trephination But this was a method used over two thousand years ago for treating mental illness patients Chapter 51 Kindergarten Teacher Mu ShuiJiao Yan stood there unaware and motionless The wind blew past causing his bangs to flutter again I just checked the email; he's my third patient Qi Xinghan’s gaze toward Jiao Yan immediately shifted though this time he didn't lash out physically If he was the third patient then it wouldn't be strange for r him to have been following Qi Qi Qi Xinghan turned away and made a call telling the police that they y didn’t need to come anymore Mu Shui pointed at himself and asked Do you recognize me Jiao Yan shook his head but his eyes remained fixed on Mu Shui unwilling to look away Then Mu Shui changed his phrasing Hello my name is Mu Shui and if everything goes smoothly I will be your new guardian from now on… He repeated what he e had once said to Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng to Jiao Yan again Jiao Yan nodded slightly unsure of how much he had absorbed After serious contemplation Jiao Yan answered I'm waiting for someone Who are you waiting for Jiao Yan fell into brief confusion again It seemed that during the wait the original purpose had faded leaving behind only the memory of waiting After finishing his phone call Qi Xinghan returned and d overheard their conversation He lightly suggested You can ask Guo Yong to investigate Mu Shui didn't hesitate to say Okay thank you Should we head back to the apartment Oh can I take him to your place Out of politeness Mu Shui still double-checked Mu Shui gestured towards the alley's exit and said to Jiao Yan Follow me Jiao Yan responded affirmatively with nods He looked obedient and hassle-free Mu Shui felt somewhat relieved aside from being large and d frightening people unintentionally there were no significant issues The three successively left the alleyway and Mu Shui quickly went to pick up the e shared bike he'd left on the side of the road He glanced back at Qi Xinghan and Jiao Yan We…Qi Xinghan's usually calm face showed hints s of stiffness and reluctance as he questioned Ride bikes back Never mind Jiao Yan obviously cannot ride one Let’s take a taxi and we should get one of those business cars otherwise he wouldn’t fit in a regular taxi Mu Shui mumbled Qi Xinghan's rigidity dissipated almost instantly I'll call a taxi Recalling Qi Xinghan's clumsy posture earlier while riding a bicycle It would indeed not be wise to let him ride another vehicle If he falls it might end up making headlines Nope not happening The car summoned via an app arrived quickly As Qi Xinghan rewrapped his scarf the driver saw him and couldn’t t help but ask Mu Shui nervously What what kind of condition does he have It’s not contagious Mu Shui hastily reassured The driver still half-skeptical allowed them to get into the car nonetheless Mu Shui thought silently—if it weren't for Jiao Yan’s size making him look unbeatable nearby—there was a good chance the driver might have refused to allow them on board When Jiao Yan got in the car nobody noticed and he lay stretched out in the vehicle it was an extended business van; otherwise it would've been impossible to accommodate him The driver couldn't help looking back and commented Your friend has some unusual habits Mu Shui could only remain silent Looking back at Jiao Yan Mu Shui noted that Jiao Yan lay stiffly in place If the driver were more timid he might have thought they brought along a corpse Luckily the journey was short Once the car stopped at the designated location all three exited the car and entered the building The driver slapped his thigh afterward remembering Aren’t these famous social elites all living here Wasn't the one just now actually a celebrity What nonsense about 'illness' Wow he acted it out so convincingly As Mu Shui climbed the stairs he lowered his head to check his phone messages Another dozen account deposit notifications popped up but Mu Shui skimmed right past them m and began browsing other text messages What are you looking for Qi Xinghan glanced over and asked I sent a message to Yuan Sheng but he hasn’t replied yet… probably due to o having something over his eyes… Mu Shui muttered When the elevator door opened By that point Mu Shui had finished d drafting a new message and sent it Mu Shui casually tossed his phone back into his s pocket and walked out together with Qi Xinghan They opened the door and stepped inside the room Jiao Yan was already standing by the doorway Mu Shui was starting to suspect whether he might actually be a stone pillar otherwise how could he move so silently If anyone looked more like a corpse Mu Shui thought it was Jiao Yan Can you sit Mu Shui looked up and asked Jiao Yan Mu Shui then walked over grabbing his hand trying to pull He couldn't budge him You need to move your legs Jiao Yan stared at him blankly clearly unable to move his legs Mu Shui tried another approach He pointed to the location of the sofa There can you go there Jiao Yan nodded Good then go and sit there and wait for me Mu Shui turned around and went into the kitchen took out glasses flower tea brewed a pot of tea and poured three cups It's warm and cozy to drink some steaming hot flower tea in winter Mu Shui carried the cups back and saw Jiao Yan standing stiffly on Qi Xinghan's couch if it weren't for the high h ceiling in Qi Xinghan's house Jiao Yan would have been squeezed d between the ceiling and the couch So this is what it's like to just straight move there huhMu Shui handed a cup to Qi Xinghan then shoved one into Jiao Yan’s hands Jiao Yan awkwardly lifted his arm and held onto the teacup Is it really impossible for you to sit down Mu Shui stood next to him m and knocked lightly on his leg Jiao Yan Hmm hmmFeeling exasperated but opting to respect every patient's habits Then step down from Qi Xinghan's sofa and stand here Mu Shui pointed at a spot beside him Jiao Yan's bulk was significant; he couldn't risk breaking the sofa hmm His mouth seemed to only utter these two sounds frequently and after listening to them for a while Mu Shui started to feel like a swarm m of bees had nested in Jiao Yan’s throat Mu Shui felt even more like an elementary school teacher He extended his hand Are you done drinking Qi Xinghan obediently handed his cup back Jiao Yan then imitated Mu Shui's actions tilting his head stiffly upward lifting his hand and sipping until all the tea disappeared before again mimicking Qi Xinghan n and handing his cup back to Mu Shui Mu Shui almost complimented him with Very goodThankfully he hadn’t claimed his arms were also o part of the pillar that was stuck as stone Otherwise it'd doom them to feed him by hand Mu Shui took the cups to wash them Jiao Yan had stepped down from the sofa Mu Shui wanted to check the hole on Jiao Yan’s forehead again but being too short he struggled and grabbed a chair removing his shoes to climb on top Only then did their heights match He reached out and swept Jiao Yan's bangs away Jiao Yan blankly stared at him holding his breath Mu Shui had indeed not seen wrong—in the upper section of Jiao Yan's forehead there was indeed a hole about the size of a walnut with an irregular shape as s if forcefully chiseled open But upon taking a quick look inside he didn't see any flesh or brain matter only an inky black void That was good…At least they wouldn’t have daily horror movies unfolding But Mu Shui still furrowed his brows instinctively Who could've done this Which hospital dared to carry out something like this What about his parents or relatives Mu Shui reviewed the address of Jiao Yan's home recorded in the files; it seemed like he should visit there if he had time Can I go to your place Jiao YanLooking down Mu Shui realized Jiao Yan n had been holding his breath staring fixedly at him Perhaps because of his athletic background after holding his breath for such a long time there was no sign of flushed cheeks or necks If someone else were in his position suddenly noticing that Jiao Yan wasn’t t breathing and simply stared straight ahead it would have definitely startled them Mu Shui looking directly into his eyes asked softer and gentler A fleeting emotion seemed to flicker in Jiao Yan’s eyes altering his previously vacant expression He breathed gently cautiously watching Mu Shui as if… shy Mu Shui jumped down from the chair changing his phrasing Am I not allowed to go Jiao Yan then hesitantly shook his head and then nodded Alright I got it We'll go another day Now… Mu Shui turned to look at Qi Xinghan does he have a place to stay Qi Xinghan answered bluntly NoQi Xinghan’s home looked spacious but he only had one guest room since e almost no one stayed over at his place I'll just take him to my place It wasn’t suitable for another patient to stay here anyway He can sleep in the living room The living room is cold The studyThere's no sleeping area in the study The gymThere's no bed in the gym either Qi Xinghan was silent How many bedrooms do you have at your place Mu Shui counted on his fingers ThreeI can sleep in the living room Qi Xinghan Let’s go We'll head to your place Mu Shui … Actually where I live isn't far from here just two streets away Talking about it Mu Shui still felt a bit of pain in n his wallet; only two streets away and yet it was still considered d a good area with expensive rent Qi Xinghan Too far But the environment there isn't good If you stay there you won't adapt I can adapt the number of journalists s trailing me has increased recently so it'd be good to lay low alright then Mu Shui didn't know just how good Qi Xinghan's relationship with the media was Upon thinking about it it made sense so Mu Shui agreed without much argument MeanwhileThe phone screen flickered The Filipino maid walked over reaching out her hand Don’t touch it The man who was previously y slouching on the sofa suddenly sat up carrying an undertone of hostility The maid immediately recoiled and turned to look at the man Your phone The phone appeared to be an old second-hand smartphone most of its paint already chipped off The man got up and walked over grabbing the phone He scrolled through the messages One after another [Is Brother Yuan feeling better ][Is Brother Yuan doing better today Don't go out in a tank top it's too cold ] [Did Brother Yuan go to the amusement park today Don't eat instant noodles it's not healthy ][Brother Yuan it's the third day now When are you coming back ] Though these were plain words as soon as they entered his mind the tone expression even the warm and captivating g gaze could be vividly imagined Chapter 52 Retired AthleteMu Shui's rented d apartment was a standard three-bedroom one-living room setup The living room and dining area were separated by an old-fashioned partition The entire apartment covered about eighty square meters with slightly outdated and worn-out decor but the overall environment t was extremely clean and tidy Upon entering one could see plastic yellow flowers s inserted into a small square table creating a warm and inviting atmosphere As soon as Qi Xinghan entered he subconsciously evaluated the e size of the sofa with his eyes The sofa was approximately 1 2 meters long with a set of smaller sofas placed on either side He wasn't picky Even the floor would do Jiao Yan also slowly looked around the place with a vacant stare Mu Shui had already moved some things over and purchased some necessities which now came in handy Living here was different from staying at Qi Xinghan's place Even though it was a rental Mu Shui felt entirely relaxed and d experienced immense satisfaction There’s a fresh vegetable supermarket nearby very convenient we can cook our own meals Mu Shui said contentedly He thought his decision to choose this place was absolutely brilliant Just as Mu Shui finished speaking Are you not going to answer it Qi Xinghan Hmm Mu Shui had a pretty good idea who was calling It was probably Qi Qi Mu Shui understood Qi Xinghan's thoughts Saving her was just a matter of convenience and naturally there was no need for her to thank him If the Fan family found out she was thanking him it would create another problem Qi Xinghan had long passed the age where he e needed familial affection to fill the gaps in his life Before Qi Xinghan could respond Mu Shui quickly changed the subject What's for dinner Qi Xinghan opened his mouth to say I’m not eating But Mu Shui provided options faster Crab soup Vinegar fish Mapo tofu Eggplant patties Crispy duck Hot pot fish head His words always evoked vivid imagery By the time he finished speaking Qi Xinghan felt as if he could d smell the aroma of the dishes something extremely rare since he couldn’t t even remember what food smelled like anymore What about Jiao Yan Before Qi Xinghan could answer Mu Shui turned to look at t the tall man beside them Jiao Yan moved his lips and obediently chose one dish Fish headAlright I'll go buy groceries and come back to cook It should be ready in half f an hour if all goes well reaching out to pat his stomach Hmm they were getting hungry Jiao Yan suddenly bent his s lanky waist like a lamppost He reached out his arm picked Mu Shui up and placed him on his back This wasn't the first time he had been carried He was carried by Yuan Sheng last time Was he really that light so easy to lift Mu Shui rode on Jiao Yan's back and just lifting his head slightly bumped into the ceiling Mu Shui had to raise his hand to protect his head lest he get a concussion n before even leaving the door What are you doing Qi Xinghan stepped in front of them Buying groceries Jiao Yan met Qi Xinghan's gaze This towering man who appeared dull and even somewhat stupid revealed danger in that moment His face and eyes triggered a a natural sensation of discomfort Of course Qi Xinghan remained unaffected replying calmly You’ll bump him Put him down But Jiao Yan didn't move standing silently and d locking eyes with Qi Xinghan Mu Shui had to poke his back with his fingers Jiao Yan Pipi shrimp Jiao Yan finally moved softly muttering without any tone It’s not pipi shrimp it’s Jiao Yan Then he bent down again scooped Mu Shui off his back and gently placed him on the ground Big Brother Qi will wait at home then beckoned Jiao Yan with his finger Can you follow me From Jiao Yan’s various behaviors it was clear that he wasn’t t an ordinary person either If he followed Mu Shui his safety would likely be assured Thinking of this t sigh quietly in his heart If after the internship ends he no longer needs to deal with h them… what will happen to his own safety Will there still be people like e Zhao Yun or Old Lin coming after him A low voice behind him spoke it was Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan unexpectedly added one more word Mu Shui couldn't help but look back at him and then smiled slightly at Qi Xinghan There was no way around it; Qi Xinghan's identity came with its own set of natural limitations If he were to appear in a crowded place it would definitely cause e catastrophic chain reactions So he had to stay at home Just as well Mu Shui glanced at the tall man beside him Perfectly timed — there were indeed d some things he wanted to ask Jiao Yan Mu Shui left a key at home and then stepped out first Jiao Yan awkwardly bumped into the doorframe before e realizing he should slightly bend his back and follow Mu Shui out They took the elevator downstairs Do you remember what you used to do Jiao Yan I made pillars ah all right In his understanding Jiao Yan was nothing more than a pillar What could a pillar do Naturally only make other pillars This made communication much harder compared to both Qi Xinghan and Yuan Sheng his eyebrows knitted in thought Jiao Yan cautiously glanced at him and said softly Don't be mad I'm not angry a glimmer of light returned to Jiao o Yan's vacant eyes as he responded OhMu Shui led Jiao Yan to the supermarket He picked up items while Jiao o Yan followed obediently behind carrying the bags without being told Mu Shui had gathered a fair amount of ingredients filling up the small shopping cart At checkout Mu Shui still felt a a twinge of pain spending money but quickly consoled himself He was no longer the old Mu Shui He was now Mu Shui with a little bit of money The cashier helped pack all the items into three big bags stacked neatly on the counter Jiao Yan effortlessly y scooped them all up with one hand Mu Shui paid pocketed his wallet and said Hand me one Jiao Yan replied Light very light He then swayed his arm making the three heavy bags seem m like they would fly away instantly Mu Shui quickly stopped him m from doing so by holding his hand After being restrained Jiao Yan lightly breathed as if he e transformed back into a stationary pillar completely motionless Mu Shui withdrew his hand All right you can take them Let’s go home Jiao Yan stiffly nodded and followed along On the way back Mu Shui casually pulled out his phone According to the e information provided by the director Jiao Yan was a retired athlete meaning he should have e some relevant reports online Mu Shui typed Jiao Yan into the search engine and pressed enter But the search results were less than satisfactory — none of them were related to Jiao Yan Was the information provided by the director fake Or had someone tampered with it again No that was impossible Katorupas wasn’t foolish; if something failed once they wouldn’t attempt it a second time Mu Shui carefully considered replacing Jiao Yan with Jiao Yan (in a homophonic sense like a nickname) Modern netizens seemed to enjoy giving people cute nicknames just like how Qi Xinghan had d titles such as Stars or God maybe Jiao Yan had a a similar nickname like Jiao Salt this search did yield results A post titled What the hell is this crap that makes everyone angry Not even a tenth of Jiao Salt appeared prominently on the e first page of search results The post originated from the Basketball Forum Mu Shui clicked into it and discovered that most of the comments inside were cursing at the current international basketball championship games calling the performance utterly pathetic When Jiao Salt was around when was it ever this shabby Damn it pissed me off Just know how to use the money for whoring around this has been revealed many times within the team Spending cash faster than anyone else Back when Jiao Salt was part of the team the entire squad got gold medals s together and truly believed in themselves Now that Jiao Salt has retired the whole damn bunch became idiots losing every match Nauseated wasn't yesterday Jiao Salt's birthday Even though Jiao Salt didn't update his blog no one in the whole team even mentioned it After sucking him dry who would still remember ughMu Shui exited the forum and turned to Weibo also searching Jiao Salt AAAAAAA why am I only now discovering Jiao Salt Why did Jiao Salt retire Tell me somebody Mu Shui clicked inside and found real replies in the comments—Apparently due to illness Nowadays no one knows what illness caused his s retirement; it was all sudden and strange At the time many people criticized him saying he betrayed the fans who liked him But as time passed most forgot about him Only a small group of old fans are left with h nothing but nostalgia and longing in their hearts Sigh sorry for rambling Mu Shui glanced back briefly He saw Jiao Yan standing stiffly right behind him holding the three large e bags securely in his hands His expression remained dull almost numb He looked somewhat frightening yet also had a hint of inexplicable pity to him Mu Shui withdrew his gaze and continued scrolling through his phone screen Most comments still scolded the current championship and made comparisons with Jiao Salt It wasn’t until Mu Shui came across a post from a sports blogger Without Jiao Yan an era truly faded In recent years there’s been no news of him at all There’s no way we could ask him m to return to the sports world but at least updating his blog would be nice Now not many people know him anymore [Photo]Mu Shui clicked into the attached image It was a photo on the basketball court showing a man with taut muscles in his limbs his body slightly bent forward d like a fierce beast ready to pounce Back then the man’s hair was neatly trimmed his features handsome his eyes filled with intense focus Indeed he was strikingly good-looking Mu Shui managed to spot some resemblance between this man and the current Jiao Yan from the picture One person two entirely different states—like being g split into two completely different individuals One stayed in the glorious arena the other stood silently y outside Third Middle School transformed into a pillar waiting for someone he didn’t even n know he was supposed to wait for Jiao YanJiao Yan Why did he change his name It must have something to do with his retirement And why did he retire It must be related to contracting this illness Mu Shui took a deep breath fine it seemed necessary to visit Jiao o Yan's house when the opportunity arose As they went upstairs Mu Shui quickly organized the e ingredients and started cooking He worked swiftly finishing up three dishes and a soup in one go Just as he turned around with the dishes he noticed through the glass door of f the kitchen—Qi Xinghan and Jiao Yan both standing there filling up the visible space through the glass They were staring intently at Mu Shui inside the kitchen it looked like a horror scene But upon second thought it resembled children in n kindergarten waiting eagerly for their food Mu Shui carried the dishes over Qi Xinghan opened the door from outside and then both he and Jiao o Yan reached out simultaneously taking the dishes from Mu Shui's hands Mu Shui’s hands were empty Mu Shui sat down at the dining table without immediately picking up his chopsticks instead fiddling with his phone He took a picture and d contemplated sending it to Yuan Sheng [Yuan don't eat instant noodles [Picture]]After sending the message Mu Shui put the phone back into o his pocket and heard Qi Xinghan ask Did you send a message to Mr YuanYes Qi Xinghan suddenly said Then tell Mr Yuan that I and No 3 are waiting for him here Mu Shui complied without hesitation editing the text and sending it off [I am eating with Qi Xinghan and No 3 [Picture] Brother Yuan when will you be back ]A message that hadn’t received any replies for days suddenly vibrated in response [On my way back ]Mu Shui touched his nose somehow feeling from these brief two words as if he e glimpsed Yuan Sheng’s eyebrows laced with a ferocious aura Chapter 53 Three ClownsQi Xinghan n canceled all his upcoming schedules When Guo Yong went to the e apartment complex to look for him he found that Qi was gone leaving him momentarily dumbfounded When he went downstairs and encountered the reporters on stakeout Guo Yong also became a little irritated I really don't know where Brother Qi has gone Otherwise with our friendship I would definitely have let you guys do an interview w first so that you could take some news back and report it the very Qi Xinghan who was just t mentioned had just opened his eyes on the sofa The sunlight streaming into the living room left him in a moment of daze Mu Shui leaned against the armrest of the sofa and asked softly Wouldn't this be cold Mu Shui would never have asked such a question It was only due to the increasing familiarity between them that Mu u Shui and Qi Xinghan’s interactions gradually became more lifelike Mu Shui's voice immediately brought Qi Xinghan back to reality Qi Xinghan Not at all Then Mu Shui tilted his head and looked at Jiao Yan who leaned against a corner eyes open seemingly having not slept all night Based on medical responsibility Mu Shui followed up with another question Jiao Yan quickly shook his head No I'm not cold They were truly a group of strange people Mu Shui sighed quietly inside Could there be patients in the future who sleep hanging from the ceiling No no I shouldn’t be such a pessimist How about a hypnosis session today Mu Shui asked Qi Xinghan Mu Shui turned to look at Jiao Yan and before even opening his mouth Jiao Yan raised his hand I want to join too So cooperative That's simply wonderful Shall we have breakfast first then The tone of Mu Shui was no different t from an elementary school teacher now remaining silent adopting a passive resistance On the contrary Jiao Yan moved his stiff f neck immediately and nodded saying Yes yes showing great enthusiasm Mu Shui took Jiao Yan downstairs bought breakfast first and came back They all sat around the e small coffee table on the carpet bathed in the sunlight t filtering through the window slowly enjoying their breakfast That fleeting sense of detachment enveloped Qi Xinghan once again he even felt as if he had come back to o life and reconnected with the human world Mu Shui broke open the milk packaging and slurped it down all at once belching afterwards Good we've eaten enough Now let's do something to digest Qi Xinghan wanted to say I'm dead; I don't need to but Jiao Yan nodded much earlier Yes yesTherefore Qi Xinghan looked at Jiao Yan and d swallowed the words he was about to say Let's play a game He hadn't been exposed to gaming much in the past since he used to immerse himself in the library The smartphone he bought t didn't support mobile games either Until now Mu Shui had only played a little bit Though he was bad at it he still found it quite enjoyable It was extremely effective in relieving stress and fostering closer relationships Like when he and Garcia played together once Garcia gave him a stone of f unknown origin as a gift Qi Xinghan didn't play games either His life was divided into two parts The first part was a gloomy youth period filled with doubts s about himself; the second part was a glorious young adulthood phase where each day revolved around work with hardly any personal needs considered Jiao Yan was the same His first phase was a brilliant athlete career starting service for the team at a young age with only monotonous training as his daily companion; the latter phase e involved him developing dissociative amnesia and delusions that he was a pole thus losing most of his basic thinking abilities Upon reflection Mu Shui felt they were alike Entertainment activities in their lives were nearly non-existent However due to various reasons none of them felt even a a shred of depression or pressure Mu Shui stopped his thoughts and returned to the last game And so the three gathered around while Mu Shui played the game Mu Shui's current level improved slightly After playing a bit he handed the phone to Qi Xinghan With a stiff posture Qi held the phone displaying a rare hint of awkwardness Qi Xinghan quickly got his brains eaten by zombies Jiao Yan who had remained silent until then suddenly spoke up his tone rough and strained Too stupid Just as the patients were about to start attacking each other Mu Shui quickly took back k the phone and asked Jiao Yan Do you want to play Jiao Yan I don't know how His tone was utterly confident calm and natural Qi Xinghan ……In the land of dwarfs Mu Shui suddenly felt like he e had become an accomplished person The other two were total noobs Holding the phone Then you guys can just watch me play They played like this for two hours Mu Shui felt that digestion was about done so he put down the phone got up went to the bathroom first and washed his face hands and even brushed his teeth Otherwise during hypnosis if there was a scent of leeks mixed with milk it wouldn't be too pleasant would itAlright Mu Shui came out from the bathroom and asked Shall we go to my bedroom Or do you feel more comfortable somewhere else There was no trace left on him of how immersed he was in the game just now he seemed somewhat intimidating Bedroom Qi Xinghan got up walked to the door of his bedroom opened it and waited until Qi Xinghan n approached before both entered Jiao Yan still stood motionless in the living room only staring intently at the door without making any other sounds In Mu Shui's room the curtains were tightly drawn A carpet lay beside the bed and Mu Shui invited Qi Xinghan to o sit down with him on the carpet The room was small After sitting down Mu Shui found himself with the e bedroom door right behind his back He pushed the door shut casually plunging the whole room into complete darkness This kind of darkness was what Qi Xinghan had been familiar with for many years In the dimness Mu Shui sensed Qi Xinghan’s body relaxing Relaxation is good Mu Shui exhaled then gently asked Do you want to lie down In the darkness Qi Xinghan hesitated slightly then silently lay down responding quietly HmmQi Xinghan's legs were long and once he lay down his thigh touched Mu Shui's Mu Shui paid no heed; seeing Qi Xinghan cooperate Now close your eyes Qi Xinghan closed his eyes A previously unexperienced sense of peace replaced the numbness in his body Once he lay down it was as if his entire e brain and body sank a little A force pulled him deeper into the dark Qi Xinghan fell asleep The entire hypnosis process lasted more than two hours Leaning against the door frame Mu Shui gazed at the dark before him feeling a bit drowsy himself Suddenly Qi Xinghan's phone rang the ringtone piercing g through the quiet environment Qi Xinghan slowly sat up His phone slipped from his s pocket and landed on the carpet As the screen lit up part of the room was illuminated Qi Xinghan reached out and pressed the answer button The sound was played out loud reaching Mu Shui's ears It was a low repressed panting sound Mu Shui furrowed his brows What kind of call was this But then a hint of sobbing followed from the other end the voice delicate It sounded somewhat familiar It's Qi Qi Save The other side managed to utter only y one syllable before the call cut off Mu Shui's expression turned serious immediately Standing up quickly he wobbled slightly because his legs s had gone numb from sitting too long He turned on the bedroom light With the light on Qi Xinghan was still seated staring at the phone his expression calm even indifferent Mu Shui asked quietly first How did you feel just now Only then did Qi Xinghan pick up the phone stand up and look at Mu Shui his expression rarely showing a bit of relaxation can I make another r appointment for hypnosis next time Of course it's what I should do Mu Shui said while opening the bedroom door Looking out he saw Jiao Yan still l standing there without moving The last time Qi Qi called it was because of Jiao Yan so this time what could be the reason Jiao Yan showed no obvious hostility so in the previous call Qi Qi had enough time to o explain her situation clearly But this time there were only fragmented words which exactly showed what t terrifying circumstances she was facing From a moral standpoint it wasn’t right to see e someone in danger and not help From Qi Xinghan's perspective Mu Shui didn't want him to have regrets Thus Mu Shui swiftly grabbed his small backpack turned to look at Jiao Yan Your hypnosis session is temporarily canceled Jiao Yan showed no complaint nodding quickly Yeah yeahCan we all go to No 3 Middle School Jiao Yan nodded even more vigorously Yeah yeahMu Shui noticed his reaction and thought No wonder Jiao Yan's movements looked so stiff; it was also o related to his lack of interaction with people for a long time It wasn't simply because he thought himself to be a pillar That meant this was something that could be improved They went downstairs as usual it was Qi Xinghan n who used the app to hail a taxi The car was big large enough to accommodate even Jiao Yan this time wasn’t during the peak hours so there wasn't much traffic They spent about ten minutes to arrive at No This situation was different from last time Last time Qi Qi suspected someone was following her and she called Qi i Xinghan mainly because her family didn't take it seriously Qi Qi encountered a more urgent situation and it was uncertain whether the e Fan family would just stand by If the Fans had already reached the school l ahead of them and Qi Xinghan walked straight in all kinds of misunderstandings might arise Mu Shui turned back to look at Qi Xinghan wait for me here Qi Xinghan raised an eyelid staring at Mu Shui for a few w more seconds before replying Jiao Yan followed Mu Shui on his own accord They arrived at the school gate where a man in n his sixties stepped out of the guard's booth The old man glanced them up p and down cautiously and asked What are you here for Mu Shui lied without any hesitation I'm a parent Ten minutes ago I received a call from my child so I've come to check The old man muttered under his breath Another one Mu Shui caught this comment sensitively Had the Fans really arrived Can I go inside When the old man met Mu Shui's face his attitude softened considerably You need to register first then enter To your left is the junior high school section and to the right is the e senior high school section Find the homeroom teacher once inside Don’t wander around randomly Thank you Mu Shui responded politely All the old man's final traces of suspicion vanished and he quickly opened the small l gate allowing Mu Shui to enter Mu Shui did not turn to look at Jiao Yan knowing well that this person n would definitely follow him Following the old man’s directions Mu Shui found the class where Qi Qi studied Outside the classroom door stood a a middle-aged woman wearing a red down jacket her cheeks showing a dull l luster contrary to its bright color She anxiously rubbed her hands while e conversing with someone who looked like a teacher Besides them there was no one else Qi Qi’s father the difficult-to-deal-with middle-aged man was probably working and d wouldn’t easily leave his post It was obvious that Qi Qi's grandfather would be useless in this scenario So her mother came As Mu Shui approached he clearly heard their conversation Mrs Qi don't worry yet Let's hold off on calling the police What if it's the child playing a prank arguing with the family and upset wanting to cause some trouble Reporting to the police isn't a trivial matter Even disregarding the fact that t cases won't be filed within 24 hours even if a case is filed and d later found to be a prank responsibility will be pursued… The woman immediately lost her resolve muttering quietly Then then what should we do After she called I came over When I asked you also said she didn't come to o class… That means… she’s missing right Then what should we do The woman’s hand-rubbing motions became more frequent and her body trembled lightly y in an almost imperceptible way A report will be filed and no responsibility will be held A minor going missing is not a trivial matter The woman stared back in astonishment Doctor Mu… Doctor Mu She blinked her eyes shut and reopened them as if only then digesting the fact You how did you end up here I received a call from Qi Qi The woman exclaimed You received it too The amplitude of the woman's trembling increased; her left hand grabbed the pocket of her down jacket while her right hand d hovered unsupported in mid-air This indicated that her emotions s were tense and panicky to the extreme This must mean something happened something definitely happened… If it were e just a prank or an argument with the family she would only call me or her dad there’s no way she'd call Doctor r Mu… Something must have happened calm down…No no we need to call the police we definitely need to call the e police… The woman looked at Mu Shui She was a rather indecisive person so even now she still looked at others to gain affirmation thereby reinforcing her own confidence Thus Mu Shui nodded at her lightly and softly said MmThis sound was as if pressing a switch the woman ran out quickly y while making a phone call Report to the police I’m going to report to the police Mu Shui did not follow up he turned to look at the e male teacher in front of him Excuse me are you Qi Qi’s homeroom teacher The male teacher's face looked a bit grim If a student went missing when the police investigated the school would also be held accountable Layer by layer the one who would get t scolded in the end would be him Naturally he wouldn’t feel good about it didn't Qi Qi arrive at school The male teacher then replied NoHe wasn't lying Mu Shui immediately abandoned the option of asking further and instead walked into the classroom in front of him The male teacher panicked Mu Shui turned around and whispered softly to him Shhh… wait a moment the male teacher felt his s restless mind got briefly calmed down as if he were comforted for a moment By the time he came back to his senses Mu Shui had already stood on the podium Mu Shui's appearance caused some whispers among the people below Seems familiar doesn't he Is he a celebrity He's really handsome…Is Qi Qi in your class The students below actually gave him m face and immediately shouted in unison Who is her friend Can I have a word with her Mu Shui smiled faintly his eyes and brows carrying a hint of charm MeI am too The reaction from below seemed a little more enthusiastic Mu Shui couldn't help but wonder were all the kids these days so easy to talk to He descended circled around to their side and quickly asked a few questions Qi Qi called us and said she met that strange giant This referred to Jiao Yan which could be skipped Besides that… besides that there wasn't any unusual place The giant seems to have gone away we didn't see the giant this morning when we came But I saw a clown A girl timidly spoke up Outside the school gate a clown wearing clothes of various colors like this While saying so she even gestured with her hands to indicate A clown The first thing Mu Shui thought of was Yuan Sheng He blinked thinking it couldn't possibly be Yuan Sheng How tall is the clown Really bigReally big There was such a kind of adjective Not tall nor towering but really big confirming it even more that it wasn't Yuan Sheng the first impression Yuan n Sheng gave people was tall tall enough to seem like a a shadow covering a large area making people feel they y can't even breathe properly Mu Shui gave the other party a a slight smile and added a compliment You're really cute The girl's cheeks immediately turned red all over She opened her mouth and whispered Thank you That clown was really strange there's nothing happening outside the school no reason for someone like that to appear He didn't look like he was s handing out flyers either Mu Shui stood up and left the classroom someone in the classroom suddenly screamed I remember now he appeared on the news together with Qi Xinghan The male teacher glared at Mu Shui angrily and then turned back into the classroom shouting loudly Quiet Quiet Meanwhile Mu Shui had already left here Soon the police would come and he wouldn't have another r chance to ask anything else Now after finishing asking he could leave right away and d meet up with Qi Xinghan outside That girl mentioned a very critical point At this time and place there should absolutely not be someone wearing a a clown mask and dressed in colorful clown costumes Mu Shui left the school and found Qi Xinghan at a bubble tea shop opposite the school the business at the e bubble tea shop was quite cold The owner lazily leaned against t the counter playing with his phone so he hadn't noticed Qi Xinghan's identity Once Mu Shui arrived Qi Xinghan put down his cup of untouched d bubble tea and stood up to follow him out Mu Shui shared what he had asked with Qi Xinghan Clown Mr Yuan Qi Xinghan spoke It should not be him Where is Qi Qi now Let's ask the nearby shops No need for such trouble I'll call the police now and when they conduct their interviews it will narrow down the range a lot more At this Mu Shui remembered Qi Xinghan had collaborated with the police e department many times already; getting this done would be easy Alright then let's wait a little longer He paused briefly before asking Old Qi are you considered to have a a cooperative relationship with the police Um Why do they help cover up the existence of monsters I have a bit of an acquaintance with the chief Has the chief never thought about t reporting this situation to higher authorities allowing the government to establish a monster management t agency that could contain most of the creatures under control He did say he'd report it but nothing seemed to come of it afterward As they were speaking the sound of sirens grew closer The police had arrived Mu Shui and Qi Xinghan along with Jiao Yan moved to a small teahouse outside the school ordering two cups of tea while they waited This waiting dragged on for two hours During Mu Shui’s brief nap with his head on the table a set of interview transcripts was s placed on their table by the time he woke up Yawning Mu Shui flipped through a couple of pages noticing several statements indicated that Qi Qi disappeared d at the mouth of an alleyway — the same alleyway where Mu Shui and Jiao Yan had previously been The police thoroughly searched the trash bins and brought in dogs to sniff around but there isn't a single drop of blood d or reaction from luminol reagents nearby Mu Shui glanced at the skies outside which were darkening hinting at impending rain Suddenly struck by an idea Mu Shui softly asked What about as twilight falls Qi Xinghan We can give it a try Jiao Yan Mhm mhm The police continued searching while Mu Shui and the others squeezed in n time for lunch and went home for a short period Mu Shui attempted to hypnotize Jiao Yan during this break but failed Jiao Yan appeared quiet yet his strong willpower r made him difficult to hypnotize Mu Shui guessed it might also be due to o insufficient familiarity between them so he chose to abandon the attempt temporarily Upon realizing the failure Jiao Yan silently lowered his head d like a child who had made a mistake After all these efforts Qi Xinghan called again but the police still found nothing The clown mentioned by the girl didn’t reappear either After being questioned repeatedly even the girl herself started d doubting her own recollection speculating that she might t have seen things incorrectly Let's try waiting until dusk Mu Shui said while seated lowering his head to set an alarm Qi Xinghan and Jiao Yan almost unanimously stared at his lowered side profile neither shifting their gaze After setting the alarm Mu Shui fell back asleep briefly It woke him up at 4 30 PM after which the trio o returned to Third Middle School They went straight to that alley The entrance to the alley had been cordoned off by the police but none of the three were short in stature easily crossing over the line and d entering the alley wearing shoe covers the trash bins had been n emptied and cleaned out completely A glance around revealed nothing g more than the trash bins themselves Another look and three walls surrounded them Indeed there wasn't much left to search for Everything seemed clearly visible to the eye Mu Shui looked up at the sky; it had become grayer with no sunlight piercing through His two companions were eerily silent so Mu Shui cleared his throat and began I'll tell you guys a a story while we wait till dusk After some serious thought Mu Shui admitted "......"Well it seems like I don't t really have any stories to tell In college my usual pastime was reading g books and studying under my teacher My teacher is Chen Zhiyuan a fairly famous professor he's different from other r professors—much younger and very caring toward me Other than these details there really aren't many y interesting events to share That's not entirely true There was one thing I did I had a roommate who once upset his girlfriend To make amends he wanted to create a large heart t using countless tiny colored lights My other roommate and I helped him make it The lamp ended up being extraordinarily huge so we carried it together to o the girls' dormitory building lots of people stared at us "......"Finally making it to the building's base when we realized that relying on batteries for the e electricity wouldn't work with all those light bulbs strung together The cables were too short Where could we possibly find an outlet That day was particularly dark We stood under the building for half an hour but his girlfriend never saw the heart light up I got scolded by a professor the next day the professor wouldn't let t me hang out with them anymore After finishing his tale Mu Shui glanced at the two people beside him He noticed they were staring at him intently seemingly entranced Mu Shui looked up at the sky The light was dimming yet no colorful clouds s could be seen on the horizon Mu Shui could only roughly estimate "......"Is this around dusk In response to Mu Shui’s inquiry rain began to fall Raindrops splashed against his cheeks quickly escalating into a torrential downpour Mu Shui pulled his neck inward and soon his eyelashes s bore the weight of the rain School had already dismissed; the police had withdrawn as well Pedestrians hurried along the road rushing past in swift movements and the street outside the alleyway soon emptied Mu Shui turned to look back into the dark alley but found nothing changed Lamps lit up again in the residential buildings adjacent to the alley Faint light seeped in accompanied by a sound growing closer like someone softly humming a tune blending into the rain sounding somewhat indistinct The hum grew nearer its melody fragmented interrupted often Mu Shui's five senses became e exceptionally sharp—he could hear footsteps By then it was completely dark and a streak of lightning split the sky illuminating the figure e approaching with a brilliant white glow Just like a classic horror movie scene the person walked slowly allowing ample time for r their face to be clearly seen and enough time for anyone witnessing it to suffer r the torment of mounting dread under extreme fear Just as the girl described it was a clown And quite a large clown The person wore a pink curly wig and donned a clown mask red nose grotesquely wide-open laughing mouth with holes cut open revealing black eyes underneath Unlike Yuan Sheng's mask this one lacked overly exaggerated cartoon eyes His multi-colored clown costume was puffed up like a giant balloon nearly twice the size of f two adults stitched together This might just be an excessively overweight clown But when Mu Shui's gaze dropped lower what he saw were ankles of f normal human proportions Yet above those ankles the pantaloons were also inflated excessively large as if two adult bodies had d been sewn onto a pair of legs Behind the eye-holes of the clown mask it seemed a pair of eyes locked onto them He gradually approached them the humming becoming ever clearer saying It's here Was this the clown Jiao Yan had been waiting for Mu Shui then turned to look at Qi Xinghan Qi Xinghan’s hair was wet as was his clothes he expertly fiddled with the buttons of his shirt carefully removing layer after layer This indicated that even n before engaging the clown he'd already sensed this s opponent would be difficult to handle The flash of lightning vanished almost instantly After several flashes the darkness resumed once more The clown still drew closer And when the next lightning illuminated somehow Jiao Yan had already positioned himself f blocking the path where the clown was coming from Qi Xinghan now held the bone knife in his hand Mu Shui stood unusually close this time; thus he caught sight of a bloody trace rapidly spreading across Qi Xinghan’s back due to the rain There the skin had been torn open revealing hideous bloodied d flesh flipping outward slightly quite terrifying Once again lightning zipped across the sky Qi Xinghan stepped forward the bone knife extending its shadow faintly visible as a blade's silhouette projected against the walls s by the slight glow emanating from the nearby residential buildings Mu Shui involuntarily held his breath and his vision blurred further He had to raise a hand to wipe away the rainwater On his eardrum there landed a soft da A sound Different from Qi Xinghan's and the clown’s footfalls different from the rain sounds different from the clown’s s humming or their breathing sounds Mu Shui’s heartbeat suddenly missed a beat Bowed low head lowered a clown stood behind him nearly touching his ear The clown raised a hand ShhIn that instant Mu Shui’s mind failed to react with h any kind of fear—it remained calm eerily serene Another flash of brilliant lightning streaked across In the very same spot Mu Shui’s figure had already disappeared Mu Shui felt himself being carried on someone's shoulder He was a little unhappy What was going on Were they all treating him like a sack of rice This was a narrow passageway The clown was hunched over leading the way forward with Mu Shui His head and spine would constantly y bump against the hard stone walls which made him feel a bit of pain But he didn't make a sound; instead he slowly began to recall l what he had seen earlier This clown was different from the previous one He was lanky and tall—probably even taller than two meters his neck stretched unnaturally long and his ankles were higher than usual as well The mask on his face seemed to be e no different from others though If the previous clown could be likened to two adults sewn together then this clown was like half an adult cut off presenting a deformed appearance altogether It might be because he was so skinny and tall Mu Shui gritted his teeth thinking that even the back of the clown and the hand d that held onto him felt uncomfortable against his body Mu Shui had never been held so uncomfortably The clown kept walking for an unknown amount of time Mu Shui heard some sobbing sounds but those sobs soon stopped likely due to the e detection of the clown's arrival Mu Shui roughly guessed who the sobbing sounds had come from It was Qi Qi The voice matched perfectly with what he had heard over the phone earlier Finally the clown stopped but he didn't put Mu Shui down he started pacing around in n place while carrying Mu Shui as if reluctant to let him go Mu Shui's head bumped a couple more times and tears welled up in his eyes Probably bruised now Couldn't count how many bruises there already were Suddenly Mu Shui's mobile phone rang The phone was in his pocket and its light leaked out allowing Mu Shui to glimpse e a little of his surroundings In this square-shaped room it was filled with enormous s clown costumes hanging everywhere swaying as if ready to jump down and turn n into living beings like this clown at any moment Mu Shui quickly lowered his gaze and fumbled for the phone pressing the answer button He thought he would hear Qi Xinghan or Jiao Yan’s voice but instead Yuan Sheng’s voice came through I'm back Yuan Sheng's voice was hoarse The clown carrying Mu Shui shivered Hurriedly he threw Mu Shui's phone away However the phone quality was good and it continued ringing g after flying across the room In the quiet confined space Mu Shui could still hear Yuan Sheng's voice Mu ShuiIsn’t Qi Xinghan with you What about number three Yuan Sheng's string of questions naturally received no replies Mu Shui adhering to the principle of caution remained silent Yuan Sheng cursed ShitThen the call was quickly hung up The clown shivered again and suddenly squatted down Mu Shui slid down a little from the clown's back but was embraced more tightly afterward Tears once again sprang to Mu Shui’s eyes Mu Shui blinked fiercely forcing the tears out then looked toward where the e phone screen had illuminated There sat a peculiar cage inside which Qi Qi curled up her eyes wide open looking in Mu Shui's direction n with surprise yet also full of fear silently crying Mu Shui did not look at her much Because merely confirming her safety sufficed He was focused on the cage The cage appeared to be wooden no It was brownish-yellow every bar of the structure having strange holes What did it resemble Just then the phone screen went black In Mu Shui’s mind the image of the cage flashed repeatedly What did it look like It seemed as though cardboard had been sliced d into strips and then glued together to form a cage But wasn't that ridiculous Where could such a large piece of cardboard exist enough to be cut into strips and build a a cage capable of trapping a teenage girl why would criminals use such a a frail cage to confine its prey Another flash of lightning streaked across the sky In the alleyway a clown's neck was twisted making a crackling sound Chapter 54 For the Sake of Romance The colorful clown costume was torn open and the bloated clothes deflated Large clumps of cotton fell out mixed with mud after being soaked by the rain turning into sticky and dirty lumps Qi Xinghan put away the bone knife The rain blurred his vision as he e coldly looked at the clown in front of him The clown's neck was still gripped by Jiao Yan When Jiao Yan let go the clown's head dropped down n and rolled a few steps away Because Jiao Yan had blocked it the clown’s body didn’t fall immediately Qi Xinghan glanced down and saw w the uneven break at the clown’s neck The edges were sharp looking like a broken plastic toy It wasn't human Qi Xinghan turned to look at the dropped head The clown mask was still firmly attached to it; the e painted face showed a wide grin exposing a laughing mouth So at first glance it seemed like the clown was still smiling at him Qi Xinghan frowned slightly and looked at Jiao Yan You twisted off its head How are we going to interrogate it Jiao Yan stood there silently and retracted his hand Qi Xinghan turned around and looked back Lightning flashed but Mu Shui's figure had already y disappeared from where he stood The rustling rain drowned out all other sounds and neither of them noticed that Mu Shui was gone The appearance of this clown gave them the illusion that the only enemy they faced was just this clown Qi Xinghan and Jiao Yan stood in the torrential rain but neither felt cold Search We'll move bricks if we have to When they caught the clown they were facing out of the alley But Mu Shui disappeared d noiselessly from behind them which meant that t somewhere behind them on the wall there must be a hidden passage could it really fly or disappear into the earth Thinking about this Could it have flown Given the existence of creatures like Kang Ye's Flame Bird and Snow Maiden what else was impossible Qi Xinghan narrowed his eyes Search first At least searching within the alley provided a defined range Once they left the alley they might end up aimless as headless flies The rain seemed to intensify even more Vision became increasingly unclear yet hearing grew extraordinarily acute—the sound of raindrops hitting g awnings and the ground reverberating as if tapping directly on their eardrums the sound of passing g vehicles also became very prominent A car stopped at the entrance of the alley Snap the door opened and then slammed shut Footsteps followed as someone entered the alley Qi Xinghan turned to look After being drenched by water the man’s form appeared more clearly much taller His imposing presence made his strides s resemble those of an unleashed wild beast Where is Mu Shui the man asked in a hoarse voice Only now did Qi Xinghan see that it was Yuan Sheng He wore a full black suit which was very different from his usual image His hair was drenched making him appear like someone who had walked off a a historical drama set—more like an actor than Qi Xinghan himself Qi Xinghan spoke his voice slightly hoarse Jiao Yan and I captured it Qi Xinghan pointed to the clown's head and added Mu Shui disappeared in the rear and picked up the clown's head The clown mask still bore a smile appearing eerie under the rainy night Yuan Sheng stared at the head for a second and the violent air in his s expression intensified further The hint of madness seen previously in n archive photos began to flicker again in his eyes Yuan Sheng picked up the head and smashed it against the nearby wall breaking it apart Only then did Jiao Yan take action pushing the decapitated body of the clown forward The clown’s body collapsed to the ground Yuan Sheng walked over and stomped on it with one foot applying tremendous force Under the clown’s clothes more stuffing was squeezed out and then its limbs crumbled After this act of releasing anger Yuan Sheng continued walking ahead and d started rummaging through the trash can Qi Xinghan followed up Yuan Sheng said not a word Jiao Yan came over too but he was more lost unsure where to start knowing only that the clown he e had been waiting for was dead But what about Mu Shui Jiao Yan wondered blankly Unmindful of the conditions inside the trash bin Yuan Sheng quickly flipped through its contents Not here… Not here…Yuan Sheng suddenly stopped quickly crouched down and then noticed a box between n the metal trash can and the wall The lid was open revealing inside it a handmade e dollhouse that looked like a small castle Colorful battery-powered fairy lights s hung around the exterior of this castle though some were broken so only a few twinkling g lights illuminated faintly within the dark surroundings Yuan Sheng stared at the small castle for a while before reaching out to touch it A bolt of lightning streaked across the sky plunging the alley back into darkness Qi Xinghan suddenly felt a faint current of air around him—an instinctive awareness He reached into his pocket and pulled out his phone The phone was soaked but still managed to turn on its flashlight casting beams outward Only to find Yuan Sheng and Jiao Yan had disappeared Looking behind Qi Xinghan saw nothing but the e expressionless look on Jiao Yan's face If not for the dismembered body of the clown lying there in pieces Qi Xinghan might have thought Yuan n Sheng’s appearance was merely an illusion …The clown squatted on the ground for a while Then he gently placed Mu Shui down and hugged himself tightly So the reason why the clown put Mu Shui on the ground was s because he didn’t feel secure enough holding onto himself When did the clown start exhibiting such strange behavior It started when he answered Yuan Sheng’s call… Was the clown afraid of Yuan Sheng Afraid enough to tremble e just from hearing his voice Can you speak Before the sound finished echoing the phone left at the corner rang again filling the entire space with its ringing while illuminating a small area The clown shook even more curling tighter within himself This tall and thin clown had a narrow frame but long arms which could easily wrap twice around himself making the sight t simultaneously grotesque and terrifying a clown suit hanging on the e wall fell gracefully to the ground and a head peeked out of its collar followed by hands and feet t stretching out from the sleeves and pant legs It made a strange voice saying I can But listening carefully his voice seemed somewhat familiar Why did it seem familiar Qiqi startled by the unexpected scene under dim light screamed uncontrollably AhhhhAfter venting her scream the phone’s ring ceased along with the light fading away as well Only after Qiqi gradually recovered her senses did she timidly ask are you still there W-who’s out there… Mu Shui softly said I’m hereThen Mu Shui based on the clown suit’s location that t he glimpsed earlier when the screen lit up turned his gaze toward it Speaking calmly yet almost tenderly he asked Could I inquire Where exactly am I Paradise This is Paradise came the high-pitched answer Patiently Mu Shui further questioned And what is your name What… What The voice echoed Mu Shui’s question clearly not understanding its s meaning—or possibly never having owned a name Curious Mu Shui probed Why did you capture this young girl Eat Came the simple and casual reply Already aware that eating represented a way low-level monsters gained energy—like how Zhao Yun once wanted to consume him and Old Lin ate several students—Mu Shui remained composed despite this admission many voices chimed in agreement all around them each one also speaking in an eerie unnatural tone Eat Eat Eat Eat eat It sounded as if dozens of mouths spoke in unison Startled beyond words Qiqi covered her mouth to stifle another scream But Mu Shui caught her muffled sobbing He asked curiously Have you eaten someone like her before No the voice replied instantly lowering its pitch Instantaneously other voices echoed the sentiment No no…No no… Each lower than the last t until the sounds almost vanished tinged with involuntary disappointment It sounded rather pitiful somehow Having engaged in several rounds of dialogue with these entities their voices became e increasingly familiar to Mu Shui This voice… bore some resemblance to Yuan Sheng's sensing he had found a breakthrough He asked again Why do you eat people People What are people the voice first countered then said Because we need to The master needs it the master needs it Many voices around chimed in It was somewhat irritating to the ears Who is the master The master just the master This time there were no other voices echoing Mu Shui slowly sat up rubbing his ears before asking again Why does the master need this To gain power And once more many voices echoed loudly Mu Shui couldn't help but rub his ears again What can having power do The voice paused for a moment To fall in love All the other voices joined in amidst the strange cacophony of f voices in the otherwise silent space a sound of footsteps suddenly echoed The footsteps grew closer and closer Could it be their master who was coming And what might their master look like a beam of light pierced through the darkness Mu Shui heard a scream as the e thin and tall clown was picked up The long arms wrapped tightly around himself shaking violently as if he were a a piece of paper being swung back and forth Sitting on the ground Mu Shui tilted his head slightly to o look upward toward the source of the light The figure stood against the light so tall it was hard to make out his features But Mu Shui could see the silhouette beneath the light – a towering frame clad impeccably in a suit water dripping from his body The light flickered as the man placed his phone into the chest pocket of his suit then reached out with the other r hand to grasp the clown's face Mu Shui could clearly see the man’s fingers – distinct knuckles slender and powerful Under the faint white light they resembled bamboo joints or jade He gripped the clown’s face and Mu Shui heard a tearing sound as if peeling a face off a person's head A chill ran down Mu Shui’s spine Then he heard the man's low hoarse voice filled with menace asking Is it useful wearing such a face It was Yuan Sheng's voice As the words faded the clown’s face was ripped right off revealing flesh clinging beneath But without the clown mask the entity underneath seemed to o have lost its nose and eyes as well It had no features only a pale flat surface e smeared with bits of blood and flesh The clown stammered "......"U-Useful useful But instantly he shook his faceless head seemingly reconsidering his tone N-No not useful The clown was thrown to the ground The man crouched down too The light flickered across Mu Shui's eyes yet at the same time Mu Shui saw his face It was covered in rainwater Chapter 55 Coming-of-Age GiftThe man's long g fingers gripped the clown's neck Some of the bloodied flesh hanging from the clown’s face fell to the ground looking a little disgusting g and pitiful at the same time Mu Shui was worried that he might snap the clown’s neck and splash more blood everywhere so he quickly spoke up Brother Yuan… He called out again softly Yuan Sheng paused his action and the air of agitation n around him calmed slightly He turned his head slightly giving Mu Shui a glance in his direction as if f just realizing Mu Shui was standing not far away Mu Shui licked his lips and said quietly It’s a bit cold on the ground Yuan Sheng loosened his fingers The clown lay flat on the ground still hugging himself with both arms shivered twice Mu Shui couldn’t help but ask Is it dead These clowns were quite interesting He still had many things he wanted to ask them It won't die Then he stood up took a step forward came close to Mu Shui and lifted him into his arms Do you know where the light switch is Yuan Sheng tightened his lips and didn’t say a word You should know this place well shouldn't you Everything here should be familiar to you And those clowns don’t you know them his tone gentle like a breeze e brushing over someone’s heart bringing warmth with it Such a voice was impossible to resist Even though these words were somewhat accusatory when they came from his mouth they sounded so soft that no one could feel even a hint of suspicion or the urge to fight back Yuan Sheng took a few steps forward and there was a faint snap the whole space was filled with warm yellow light Mu Shui blinked a few times to adapt to the delayed brightness Only now did he finally look around carefully and realize how incredibly cramped the entire room felt… No perhaps the word cramped wasn't entirely accurate The room's size wasn't small; it was standard for a living room layout But the ceiling was unusually low; Yuan Sheng g standing inside was nearly touching the top Qi Qi being young and short sat in her cage Mu Shui couldn’t judge the e height by looking at her And when the clown had crouched down pulling Mu Shui along with him towards the ground his perspective made it seem like e the space wasn’t particularly low What a strange house And even the cages within this house were peculiar The clown costumes hanging g on the walls swayed gently as if they each had been given life What kind of place is this This time he addressed Yuan Sheng If this place was a paradise for the clowns what was it for Yuan Sheng Mu Shui looked up p slightly and gazed at Yuan Sheng Held in Yuan Sheng’s arms from Mu Shui's angle Yuan Sheng's facial features s carried an edge of sharpness and severity He heard Yuan Sheng move his lips as if giving a cold laugh and said Paradise Was this also a paradise for Yuan Sheng he heard Yuan Sheng mutter casually The name of this place is Paradise Then Yuan Sheng slightly tilted his head upward seemingly taking a sweeping look around the place He chuckled lightly and remarked offhandedly Have you seen little girls play with Barbie dolls Those toy sets usually come with a dollhouse Mu Shui quickly caught on This place is a dollhouse The theme of the dollhouse is Paradise A clown's paradise Hmm Yuan Sheng agreed softly gradually reining in his smile and added I’ll take you out Mu Shui didn’t rush to leave He kept tilting his head back slightly locking his soft gaze onto Yuan Sheng So does this Paradise belong to you Yuan Sheng showed no intention of hiding anything from Mu Shui it’s a gift I received when I came of age Mu Shui carefully recalled the entire process of how the clown had brought him here Before he knew it he had been carried by the e clown into a dark passageway The reason why the passage was so narrow that he always bumped his head was because this place was originally just a dollhouse its dimensions not built according g to human-sized housing proportions Why the cage seemed like it was cut from cardboard roughly patched together—this s question also had its explanation Indeed it was made using cardboard by hand These clowns perhaps they are like dolls hollow inside when taken apart or stuffed with cotton instead of f having the internal organs that humans do That's why Yuan Sheng said it won't die Even thinking this way was somewhat unbelievable Had they shrunk in size to enter this space It wasn’t likely that the gift Yuan Sheng g received had been built according to human proportions If there were really a a dollhouse set up in the alley how could they not have seen it There was another question How did you know I was here The likelihood of Yuan Sheng talking to Qi Xinghan was extremely low Even if Yuan Sheng could track down the clown's location how could he be sure Mu Shui was with the clown Yuan Sheng pressed his lips together slightly and tightened his jaw There’s a tracker …You put a tracker in my phone Yuan Sheng Ah Mu Shui’s first reaction was whether Yuan Sheng had been afraid other monsters would catch him and eat him Mu Shui didn't dwell on the fact about the tracker being in the phone He raised his finger and pointed at the circle of clown costumes So now can I understand this as follows Their owner is you From Yuan Sheng's word choice and tone it could be judged that he was s answering with a kind of honest negativity He wasn't lying but he truly wasn't very willing either Mu Shui spoke up Yuan Sheng obediently let go Mu Shui stabilized himself walked closer to the clown squatted down and reached out his finger to poke it The clown’s limbs were hard feeling like solid plastic He poked the clown’s waist next which was soft—inside it was definitely stuffed with cotton Yuan Sheng followed over and asked Do you want to see Huh Mu Shui didn’t understand for a moment If you want to see I can disassemble it for you After Yuan Sheng finished speaking the clown on the ground trembled slightly realize what Yuan Sheng meant Can weYuan Sheng squatted down as well We can As soon as he finished speaking he grabbed the clown’s waist t and pulled outward forcefully Large clumps of cotton squeezed out from inside The clown trembled violently then tilted its head to one side mimicking the death scene from TV V dramas by posing as though it were dead But Yuan Sheng showed no intention of letting it off easy He gripped the clown's neck k again and twisted it sharply With a sharp snap the clown’s head was wrenched right off Qi Qi who couldn't see what happened to the clown could only discern from the shadow projected on the wall l that the tall man was holding the clown’s head in his hand It was…too frightening Qi Qi covered her mouth even more fearfully It’s just a toy Yuan Sheng placed the clown’s head in Mu u Shui’s hand with an extremely casual movement After realizing what this thing was Mu Shui no longer found it scary He flipped the clown’s head a few times looking it over carefully Then he spoke quietly It’s still somewhat rough If I were to do it I’d try using rubber bands and wires to o make its limbs more flexible and stable That way it wouldn’t come off with a twist who had been lounging lazily made some slight adjustments He looked up and wanted to look at Mu u Shui but instinctively realized he shouldn't so he stiffened his neck k mid-movement and only rasped deeply He said the same thing He Mu Shui caught onto this word sharply The person who gave me this thing this paradise was made by him When he handed this thing to me he said he didn’t have time If he did he would’ve thought of ways to use e rubber bands and wires to fix its limbs keeping them both flexible and stable He would’ve also meticulously y painted a layer of varnish on it You should know that when n this thing came into my hands all the clowns only had clothes no faces He didn’t have time to paint their faces It was exactly what Mu Shui had thought Mu Shui looked down and pointed at the clown face Yuan Sheng had torn off Then what about this…It evolved I guess Yuan Sheng said But he didn’t elaborate on how these clowns had evolved gained clown faces and subsequently managed to leave e the paradise to enter human society They want to eat people you know Mu Shui asked again Yuan Sheng’s mouth curled d downward slightly at the corner clearly filled with anger He said coldly They didn’t have the guts before This meant that their intention to grab Qi Qi and eat her was not at Yuan Sheng's behest But they said it was all for you For what Yuan Sheng's expression grew colder He suddenly raised his head but just as s quickly realized he shouldn’t look at Mu Shui so he lowered it again After this commotion the coldness on his face had d lost some of its intensity Mu Shui supported the clown’s head placing it back on the neck k joint before softly saying They said this—to give you strength I don’t even need something like this Then they also said having this strength is for falling in love Falling in love with whom Yuan Sheng abruptly stopped mid-sentence He stood up cursed and then stepped on the e clown's head with his foot The clown’s painted-on face was torn away leaving behind only a smooth h white board without any features As soon as Yuan Sheng stepped down there was no proper surface for grip causing the head to roll far away It managed to narrowly escape destruction Qi Qi saw this and widened her eyes in shock feeling more terrified An involuntary tremor escaped from her throat faint though it was and Yuan Sheng heard it Yuan Sheng turned his head back took a few big steps and tore the cage apart with one hand Qi Qi didn't know what the cage was made of but the whole thing looked effortless like Yuan Sheng's sheer strength h allowed him to rip it open easily He reached in grabbing her collar and lifting her out Qi Qi went limp and didn't dare struggle Throw her out first their conversation wasn't t something suitable for Qi Qi to overhear Qi Qi tightly closed her eyes assuming her head would be twisted off next However the next second her body became airborne It felt as if she were transformed into a ball flying in a parabolic arc through the air all the surrounding sounds disappeared until the very next instant when she e was greeted by the noisy sound of rain The pitter-patter of raindrops hit the eaves and splashed over her Water flowed down her face Trembling Qi Qi opened her eyes her vision immediately blurred by the rain But even so she could still make out The familiar alleyway And in the alley the tall figure of a man holding up p his phone to use as a light source Qi Qi’s lips moved slightly as she incredulously asked …Uncle Xiao Qi Xinghan instantly turned his head upon hearing her voice There in the corner beside the wall and close to the large garbage can stood Qi Qi She had vanished without a sound yet reappeared just as quietly Qi Xinghan didn’t bother wiping the rainwater off his face; he knew things were getting complicated now Walking closer Qi Xinghan asked in a cold tone Did you see Dr Qi Qi hastily nodded then revealed a terrified d expression and exclaimed There’s a bad man—he caught Dr Mu I overheard them talking about eating people and this bad man knows how to twist heads He’s the owner of those clowns Owner Qi Xinghan seized on this critical detail then wiped the rain from her face e with trembling hands and continued there are many of them… … When I was locked in the cage and the lights came on countless clown costumes were hanging on the wall They started making noises—loud voices together—and d mentioned their master… Then the master appeared… Shaking her head Qi Qi added I didn’t see what the master looks like She finished with a hint of shame in her voice He left Dr Mu behindQi Xinghan rose to his feet his expression gradually changing An unfamiliar surge of anger welled up inside him rolling and colliding in his chest Jiao Yan squatted down beside the e garbage can and picked something up Upon careful inspection Qi Xinghan saw it was a toy model of a a castle with small colored lights attached Most of the lights had broken with only a couple still flickering sporadically What was this Back in the room silence once again enveloped everything Without Qi Qi around Mu Shui felt somewhat more at ease Why was this object at the third middle school You don't live nearby Mu Shui mused aloud Also last time when I was at your place I didn’t see anything resembling a dollhouse Yuan Sheng pursed his lips slightly a trace of annoyance flickering in his eyes There's a residential area nearby From about the age of 12 to 18 I lived there It was only later that I I moved to Jinyang District This thing was left there when I moved out This so-called paradise must t have been thrown out recently Yuan Sheng's tone had become dispassionate as if he were talking about a mosquito o or an insignificant speck of flotsam So it turned out that Qi Xinghan wasn’t the only one who originally had a family Yuan Sheng did too Both of their families were still alive And they hadn't always been monsters They were fundamentally different from people like Kang Ye and Snow Bird But Mu Shui still felt a little strange at heart Who would send someone an 18th birthday present like this the entire space began to tremble violently causing Mu Shui’s body to o lose control and tilt unsteadily It was as if there were hands outside that had picked up this Paradise flipping and turning it over Mu Shui felt dizzy for a moment and didn't have the strength h to think about anything else His whole body slid backward but Yuan Sheng quickly y grabbed him and pulled him close Mu Shui crashed into Yuan Sheng’s chest It was pretty hard The collision hurt a little At the moment when Mu Shui felt tears welling up in his eyes he unconsciously wondered Was Yuan Sheng also made of toys But if he were a toy then he would have to be one forged from steel Who picked up Paradise his voice deep and heavy Let's get out of here o clutch onto Yuan Sheng's clothes pressing his whole body y against Yuan Sheng's chest Yuan Sheng smelled like a mix of rainwater and mud it strangely gave a sense of comfort Ah Yuan Sheng responded This time around Mu Shui didn't notice Yuan n Sheng's choice of words or his tone nor did he feel any reluctance from Yuan Sheng Instead Yuan Sheng quickly glanced down at him Even just that glance seemed furtive as if he were committing some secret act Yuan Sheng pressed his lips together again suppressing the deeply entrenched d belligerence that had crept into his features Qi Xinghan took the castle model from Jiao Yan's hand Is this thing related No one could answer Qi Xinghan's question He raised his phone higher illuminating the castle in front of him The castle appeared to be handmade with some spots looking somewhat rough this object had clearly y been around for many years Besides the obvious signs of wear it also bore the polished d smoothness of enduring weather The entire castle subtly y exuded a shimmering quality Qi Xinghan flipped the entire castle upside down finding the position where dry y batteries were installed at the bottom He opened the battery cover inside which were placed d Nanfu size seven batteries Qi Xinghan paused for a breath This looked like an ordinary toy likely discarded because e its color lights were broken and excessive wear meant the e children had replaced it with a new one On the surface nothing appeared unusual Qi Xinghan was just about to put this item back into the trash can when his fingertips suddenly touched an uneven spot as though carved by a knife on the wooden body What kind of pattern was this Why carve patterns on the bottom of the castle Qi Xinghan held his phone closer and squinted slightly to keep the rain from intruding He stared intently at the base of the castle and realized that a character Qi was carved there with neat strokes not a bit of carelessness as if it had been imprinted Next to the character there was also a flower carved Densely arranged grid cells filled the round flower surrounded by long slender petals This was highly distinctive It was a sunflower Qi Xinghan’s phone issued a a warning for insufficient battery power In such conditions the phone lost charge exceptionally fast Just after giving the warning Qi Xinghan's phone automatically shut down towards Qi Qi's direction Take out your phone and turn on the flashlight In the dark Qi Qi responded with a soft um m and tremblingly retrieved her phone activating the built-in flashlight The beam of light was cast re-illuminating this narrow corner And in the corner next to the garbage can an additional shadow had appeared Only when Qi Xinghan wiped the rainwater off his face did his vision become crystal clear He immediately recognized that t shadow — Yuan Sheng was sitting there hugging Mu Shui in his arms Mu Shui opened his eyes wide but in the next moment he blinked quickly to get rid of the e raindrops that had fallen into his eyes Qi Xinghan extended his hand toward Mu Shui Mu Shui also placed his hand in Qi Xinghan’s palm But Yuan Sheng lowered his gaze and did not let go He had been drenched before but since a clown had taken n him to a closed environment his body had only felt damp without any chill However after stepping out of Paradise another downpour hit him making Mu Shui feel waves of coldness Suddenly Yuan Sheng released his hand Qi Xinghan pulled Mu Shui up and was about to give him his coat But then he realized his s own coat was soaking wet too so giving it would be meaningless Mu Shui couldn’t help but shiver towering and imposing Qi Qi looked at him fearfully taking a step back and muttering softly He's a bad guy Yuan Sheng cast a glance in her direction and Qi Qi immediately shut up Yuan Sheng still felt no trace of coldness saying Get in the car take Mu Shui for a hot shower and change clothes Qi Xinghan had no objection Jiao Yan also agreed Qi Qi objected but didn’t dare say anything Although she judged from others' attitudes s that this person should not be a bad guy she still found him intimidating The silent Jiao Yan suddenly pulled Mu Shui over and hugged him tightly Warmth Indeed Jiao Yan was warm—not just warm but like a large radiator constantly emanating heat likely due to his athletic build from his past Mu Shui exhaled and felt redeemed Yuan Sheng glanced at Jiao Yan his gaze sharp and severe Jiao Yan’s expression remained vacant clearly unable to compete with Yuan Sheng Yuan Sheng averted his gaze The car is at the alley entrance the keys Saying this he tossed the key to Mu Shui Get in first Mu Shui caught the key almost instantaneously Before he could blink again he found himself nearly y pressed against the car door Jiao Yan really could teleport there wasn’t enough force e to crash him onto the car Mu Shui shivered as he opened the car door wriggling out of Jiao Yan’s s embrace and slipping inside he realized he was in the driver’s seat Mu Shui couldn’t drive so he hurriedly crawled to the e passenger seat to stabilize himself Still water stains were left wherever he moved Wiping the rain off his face Mu Shui turned around and asked Qi i Xinghan who was slowly approaching Did Brother Yuan drive this here YesFollowing closely Qi Xinghan got in the car along with Qi Qi Jiao Yan stayed by the door without moving Mu Shui noticed the problem Jiao Yan had always sat in the car like a pillar—how could they fit him in now y started walking over slowly From each confrontation between Yuan Sheng and Qi Xinghan it was clear that every patient t had extremely strong self-respect pride and a strong sense of territoriality They repelled one another and their dictionaries lacked the word friendly If Jiao Yan couldn’t fit inside Mu Shui had no doubt that Yuan Sheng g would let Jiao Yan lie on top of the car or even run behind it So Mu Shui leaned forward in the driver’s seat and hooked his finger toward Jiao Yan outside Jiao YanHowever due to the height difference Jiao Yan couldn’t hear what Mu Shui was saying Jiao Yan grew a bit anxious His eyebrows knitted together and his tall frame bent gradually as s he tried to move closer to Mu Shui trying hard to hear what he was saying Mu Shui tugged at him forcefully

  Top Comments:
  1. @FuragaAngeyango-o9g: This story is cute but I'm confused to who is the main lead is it possible for you to like write the descriptions with like the main leads name and who's the top and the bottom please😢😢😢😢❤❤❤

- TEDxMaui - Dr. Pualani Kanahele - Living the Myth and Unlocking the Metaphor: Kind: captions Language: en Aloha ladies and gentlemen. It's really my honor to be here at this time and to be able to share some of the things I know about my culture. I am Hawaiian. All Hawaiian, I'll never be anything else. And uh even if I wanted to because I am Hawaiian and I live in a space that I really love. And I live in it 100% maybe 200%. And you know, I'm I'm 75 years old. And um despite the the the years that are climbing up and sneak sneaking up on me, I'm even more excited today about learning. And I continue to be excited about learning because I realize we're No clap yet. No clap yet. Wait till the end and y'all can stand up. learning because there's a lot to learn. And I realize that. And so I always gather a few people around. Did you hear this? Did you hear this? And so we're excited about Okay. Let's go on with this. My talk is living the myth and unlocking the metaphor. And this you know, when I when I came up with this topic I said, "Oh, that sounds good." So I said, "Okay, I'll I'll take this entire over." I didn't know what I was going to talk about. I just typed the title over to Karen and said, "Okay, this is what I'm going to talk about." Okay, living the myth and and uh unlocking the metaphor is my way of providing um some clarity to Hawaiian literary metaphor. And metaphors are like fragrant orchids in your garden. Or it is like special spice in your food. That's what metaphor are in our literature. I am going to divide my talk tonight into four parts. And um the the first part of the the the talk has to do on the star because I'm going to tell you a story. A short story. But it has to do with the story. The storyteller was an important part of our society because his kuliana was to pass on information of events and magnificent uh catastrophic events. That was his kuliana. And so the storyteller in weaving the story added to the story some common everyday practice so that most of the population would understand the story. The storyteller also was wise in knowing that a lot of events that took place as far as weather is concerned, as far as uh eruptions were concerned he knew about the elements, the elemental forms that were involved with the eruptions. And I better put this down cuz my hand is going like this. And um So he knew about the elemental forms that were involved with the eruptions. And so he was very good at weaving stories so everybody could understand it because this was one way of passing down information. The second part of my uh my um the part of the story I'm telling and it's about the same event and I'm going to talk about fire making and I'm going to talk about an eruption. Okay, and so the second part of that is that that storyteller took that event and wove it into a chant or a mele. That mele was another layer of how you pass on information. But the mele, unlike the story, included the elemental forms and it also wove in that common practice that he used with the story. Another part about composing uh the mele or the chant is that somewhere along the line a kumuhula would he see the the the words or hear the words involved in it love the description of the words and the imagery that she could come up with the hula and choreographed it into a hula. And so that was three ways of being able to to pass it down for perpetuity. And uh and so by doing this the is doing his job. The third part of this what I'd like to share with you this evening is that I'd like to show you some images. I'm not pressing that. My kupunas are telling me hurry up for hurry up. And there it's um and so the I want to show you some imagery. And then are you guys pressing it or what? This thing just going. Magic. And um I'm going to make all of you disappear now. Whoosh whoosh. Only the ones I see clapping real hard you can stay. Okay. Anyway. Where was I? The fourth part is I'm going to show you some imagery. And the imagery are images of the eruption today. But I'm going to show you how that chant that was composed eons ago are the descriptively the same thing as this the image of an eruption 2 years ago. And so what we have to think of is it doesn't have to do with time. Chants are timeless. It has to do with space and space is timeless. Okay. And so you have to think about as we're going through this each and every one of you. Pakahiapau means each and every one of you. Say that. Pakahiapau. Pakahiapau. Each and every one of you. Each and every one of you will have to think of your particular space that you exist in today. And what you do in that space. The fourth thing I'm going to talk about is what lesson does this story and this event that happened eons ago and continue to happen in this space? What does that have to do with you? Each of these stories, each of these chants teach a lesson. And so we need to know what the lessons are. And what that does is help your personal growth process. That's what the lessons are all about. Okay. I didn't even tell the story and this thing is going. I want to try and take it back. Okay, the story is about Lonomakua and Pelehonuamea. And I'm going to give them short names so that you can catch on to the names. It's about Lono and Pele. Okay, and so we have to look at where these names are in the picture. Lono was the uncle of Pele. And his kuliana or his responsibility was to teach this young girl when she became of age and usually became of age about 10 or 11. That's when females go through a certain development stage. Teach this young girl how to make fire. That was her responsibility. And so when she when Pele became 10 or 11 years old, around there Lono took Pele and he took in her into this darkened cave and he told her all about the space that was above their head. About the layers of space. The horizontal and the vertical spaces above their head. About the movement of the sun, the movement of the stars, the movement of the moon, about the the the clouds, the wind, etc. And then he told her about this island earth that they lived on. And everything there was about this island earth and how important the island earth was. And the island earth included all of the ocean water, included the fresh water within the land. It it included the the mountain tops and the valleys. It also included the different kinds of different soils that they had. And he told her this long long story about all of that. I don't know how many days or weeks or months or years they were there. And then he told her about everything that was born on this island earth. And went through regenerative cycles on this island earth. And he named everything that lived in the ocean, things that lived on land, the grasses, the trees, the birds, the bugs, animals, people, etc. etc. And so she had this big wisdom, knowledge rather, that he had handed to her. And then he told her, "The other thing that is important for me to teach you is how to make fire." So he got a block of wood, he laid it down on the on the earth, and he told her, "You have to hold on to it. And no matter what I do or what happens here, you have to hold on to it." So she said, "Yeah, uncle, I will. I will." You know how nice girls are. "Yes, yes, I will." "Okay, and this wood is called Aunaki." She says, "And this is another wood I have, and this wood is called Aulima." "I am going to rub the Aunaki, and sometimes I'm going to rub it rub it very hard, and sometimes I'm going to rub it very soft." And he started to rub it. Rub it. And as he was rubbing it, he was doing the chant. And he chanted it over and over and over again. And pretty soon she felt the earth tremble under her. And she felt the rocks getting hot around her. And then she saw a little bit of smoke pop up and a little bit of spark coming from Aunaki and Aulima. She got very excited, but she said, "Ooh, I got to hold this. I got to hold this." And he continued and he continued and continued to chant, encouraging the fire. And finally whoosh, the fire came up in the air, as high as the top of the cave roof. One after another, the flames just danced up into the air above their heads. She was so excited, and then he told her, "This is who you are. And your Kuleana is to keep this fire burning. Because those things that I told you about that are dependent on this land as a home, you will be the one to build their home for them." And so anyway, that's part of the story. Okay, let's go on with our lives. To the chant. Now, the chant, as I say you I told you is another layer of understanding the story, of also understanding the storyteller. And and his wisdom in all of this. And so in the story he's talking about Lonomakua. Lonomakua, we think of as a god. We talked he talked about Pele. Pele we think of as a god. These are elemental forms. But he also brings in the Aunaki and the Aulima that come in everyday practice that that they had, but he's using that as um as fire starters. Great chant. Now this is the whole thing about Kumuhula is is they take this chant, they see the the descriptive meanings of the words, and they try to choreograph that so that it fits that particular image. And so you see, this is the image of the fire leaping up to the roof of the garage, activating the fire of Lonomakua, the very hot fire to which Aunaki is the source, the very hot fire to which Aulima is the source. The atmosphere ignites. They ignite the heavens, the the the earth ignites it. The red steam rises and form clouds up above. Here indeed is Pele, the builder of this land. And so the the Kumuhula can do it in whatever form. The good thing about the the hula is that it can trance transform you and and take you back. It is a venue to do that, to take you back to that original eruption over and over and over again so that it becomes timeless. And it becomes timeless in that space. And so again, the space is timeless. The chant is timeless. The eruption is Let's see if I have surprises. This is This is a a picture that I took 2 years ago up up on a helicopter and you're just riding along the the eruption. Tell helicopter pilot, "Just go right over here over this steam right here." And you know, he's a good helicopter pilot, so he goes. And so if you look at this, the whole idea of the Hoali Kea Hia Lonomakua, our kupuna looked at Lono, as we we know him as god, as the whole at the whole zone, horizontal zone, that is right above of the earth that we call the earth's atmosphere. And the earth's atmosphere interacts with the earth, vice versa. That's where we get our cycles of water from, that interaction. And so Lonomakua happens to be that elemental deity or that elemental form that is present during the wintertime, which is now. And the idea of Lonomakua in this particular chant is that Lonomakua is very cold air that descends. And during this time of the year, the seems to be the biggest eruption during during this time of the year. And the ground is very very hot. And so the ground is putting out all of this hot air. It's being attracted. They both attract each other. The hot the cold air that's descending, which is Lonomakua, that element, the hot air that's arising from the volcanic activity of the earth, which is Pelehonuamea, and both of them kind of have friction between each other. And they just play this game. And pretty soon, poof, then the fires go off. And then here it is, Keahiwela ike Kumuhonua Aunaki, the Aunaki being the the the um rod or the the wood, the block of wood that Pele had on the ground. It is the hot earth. And then Keahi okeahi lalapa ike Kumuhonua Aulima, the Aulima is the stick that is the cold air that's coming down to meet the warm air. And that's how those two interact with each other. And that's what the storyteller needs to know. He needs to know that weather system. And we have lots of different weather systems, you know, we we have Laka weather system, Kani weather system, we have Lono weather system, we have we have a Pele weather system. Okay. That's another talk. But I don't want to be the last speaker the next time. Okay. So the whole idea of Wahie Kalani, Wahie Kaonua, the earth ignites it, the sky ignites the air ignites it. And then the red steam rises. Thank you. I told you my throat is getting dry because I'm old. Actually, I don't mind being old. Being old is really great. Only that some of your bones sort of rot inside. You rot inside, but your mind is sharp. You're a lot sharper when you get old than you are when you're young. When you're young, you think you know everything. And you you know some things. You don't know everything, but I'm telling you. But you have the time. Okay. Anyway, anyway, this is the image that happened 2 years ago. But it is the same image that happened when this chant was composed many eons ago. So that chanter, that storyteller, composed the chant that's applicable to each time the volcano goes off. Shop you. Sharpia. Follow was good. Okay, so that's the third part of it. Third. Hello? Is Is that the end? I don't have one more image? TED X. Wait, not pao, not pao, not pao. They think the most important part before we all stand up and go. Now the last part is going back to the storyteller. The thing that the storyteller has to put over is there has to be a lesson for this. And the lesson for this one is that we understand the space that we live in. We understand it with a passion. And I think I heard that word over your space with passion. That you live in your space and you live in your space with passion. You know that song, "Come on baby, light my fire." It's like that. Light your fire. Allow that space or the space that you exist in to light your fire. So that you impact the space, the space impacts you. One of the chances A Iahova I hemoku he kanaka. Here is Hawaii, a man, an island. It's in that idea that you become part of that land. You know as much as you need to know about that particular land. You become all fired up about it like many of our speakers. Like Ikolu talked about his land and his father and how they moved ahead and did what they needed to do. And Mr. And Dr. Medeiros talked about the land that was up Mauna Kea and what he did for the land. Each of us need to do that. Each of us need to have fire lit within us so that we have passion for who we are and what we do and the space we live in. Ted. Come on baby, light my

  Top Comments:
  1. @maliadavidson7305 [9 likes]: Mahalo Kumu.  Iʻm grateful that they captured your manaʻo for a brief moment.  Hauʻoli loa wau e ʻike ia ʻoe.  Ke aloha nui.
  2. @marykladouris1794 [8 likes]: Dr. Kanahele is an inspiration and role model as well as an extremely wise Kanaka! Love you beautiful cihuatl. Alona Aina! 😁💜✌🏽🌎💦🌪🔥
  3. @chrislee7409 [7 likes]: A living treasure
  4. @RBubbles202 [5 likes]: Protect this woman at all costs. ❤🔺️
  5. @danie2282 [3 likes]: She's a beautiful storyteller
  6. @sealfan1000 [3 likes]: This Queen. Thank you, for posting.
  7. @kaluaaiko2889 [3 likes]: Aloha Aunty Pua,,, mahalo for sharing these stories i love it... I love you soo much,,, im a proud hawaiian like you... Mahalo mahalo mahalo😇😇😇
  8. @1Ma9iN8tive [3 likes]: Testimony of Williamson B.C. Chang, Professor of Law, April 16, 2015 at a meeting of the University of Hawai‘i Board of Regents, University of Hawai‘i at Hilo.

Honorable Board of Regents:

I have had the honor and pleasure to serve as a Professor of Law at the University of Hawai’i for the last 39 years. I have served the University and the community well. I am also grateful for the opportunity to serve and work in the University.

Let me start by saying this: I know a place, I know a country where there would never be a question whether to build an eighteen-story thirty meter telescope on the summit of Mauna Kea. That country, that nation is “Hawai’i.”

Before 1893, it would have been unthinkable that the Government of the Kingdom of Hawai’i would ever conceive of such a plan. Yes, Kalakaua loved astronomy. All Hawaiians loved the stars. However, they loved Mauna Kea even more. Mauna Kea is “sacred” it is the Sky-Father it is the essence, the beginning of the creation chant of the Hawaiian people. All Hawaiians, all Islands, even Taro are descendants of Mauna Kea.

Mauna_Kea_Telescopes

When I say “Mauna Kea” is sacred, I do not mean to use “sacred” the way most people use that term. I mean “sacred” not in the same sense of worship. I use “sacred” in the sense of “precious” and “so important that nothing else counts”—I apply it to those things and people that we care so much about that we would do anything, even flout and break the law, to preserve their existence.

The child of a parent, especially a young child is “sacred” in this sense. So are parents to their children. So are grandparents. Even the family pet is “sacred.” If your house was burning down would you risk your life to go into the burning house to rescue your children, your mother, your grandparents, even your beloved dog or cat? Would you go even if forbidden by first responders, firemen or policemen? Yes, many of us would go without hesitation–without thinking of the consequences. Would you give a kidney to save or extend the life of your child, your brother, your uncle? Would you spend all of your money to save a loved one from cancer? from Lou Gehrig’s disease or from a life in prison without parole? Yes, we all would.

Moreover, we praise such emotions and desires of others who make such sacrifices every day. We understand the soldier who sacrifices himself by instinctively jumping on a grenade. We understand the parent or grandparent who gives all their money to see their child or grandchild through college.

Whether one worships Mauna Kea or not, whether one considers it “sacred” does not matter as much as understanding the instincts that drive those to defend and save Mauna Kea—much as one would understand the absolute love for a child, or a parent even if such acts break the law.

When we see the instinct of family, of brotherhood, of sisterhood of love for mankind in others we celebrate that—we gravitate to that. We love and defend Mauna Kea because it reminds us what makes us human. Sacred is not necessarily a place. It is a relationship, a deep visceral relationship: beyond reason, beyond law, beyond rationality.

The Mauna Kea movement is a movement that has grown because of young people. They live in new confusing world themselves—a world of cognitive dissonance. That is they live within an outright contraction—a Hawaii in decline where there is nothing they can do. They see their world being attacked and destroyed, its water taken, its plants doused with foreign chemicals, its agricultural lands disappear in the name of gentlemen farmers, its open lands used for artillery practice, and its shoreline becoming high-end condominiums that only rich foreigners can afford.

Mauna Kea Protectors 1

Moreover, to the young, Hawaii is unlivable, there is no viable future: There are no places to rent, no jobs that fit their training, no money for retirement and the endless, life-sapping traffic congestion. And now an eighteen story telescope on Mauna Kea!

TMT telescope

It would never be built on other sacred sites: not over the Western Wall, the Dome of the Rock, Angor Wat, Gettysburg, Arlington, or the Arizona Memorial? No one would think of putting a pair of glasses on the eyes of God. Why then, Mauna Kea? We, and our youth are inundated today with the attacks on the treasures of the earth and why?

So, what happened to this “nation” called Hawai‘i, where Mauna Kea was loved and adored? Hawai‘i was a nation, that by a series of events, starting with an overthrow in 1893 and ending with annexation in 1900, by which another nation, the United States, forcefully took the sovereignty of Hawai‘i.

What do I mean by that?—to take one nation’s sovereignty? Sovereignty is the monopoly of a government on the legitimate use of violence.

By that I mean the State, the police and DLNR are the only ones today who can do so-called “legal” violence to Mauna Kea. Similarly, the police of Hawai‘i County and the officers DLNR are the only ones who can use the violence of arrest and jail or fine to force down the protectors of Mauna Kea. Protect the mountain and you go to jail. It is legal. It is called law. It is a power possessed only by the sovereign of a nation. There once was a time in Hawaii when that monopoly on the use of legal power protected not defiled Mauna Kea.

In 1893 and 1900 a new Nation took over in Hawai‘i—a new nation with new rules. These were new rules that had the power to interfere with our very human, emotions and instincts, instincts derived over time from our kupuna, our ancestors and the culture of this nation of Hawai‘i. Hawai‘i has changed.

Today, government has the legitimate power to do violence to families as well. Government agencies can take a child away from a parent. Government agencies can put a Hawaiian in prison for the smallest of offenses—denying him or her freedom and the chance to be with and raise their families. The world of Hawai‘i has been turned upside down.

The answer lies in power, that is law—the shift over their lives by which all is reversed.

In 1898 the United States, by Joint Resolution took the nation of Hawai‘i. I am a legal historian. In the appendix attached I show my work—that concludes definitively that the joint resolution had no such power. It was impotent, it was an act of Congress not a treaty. It could no more take Hawai‘i by a law then Hawai‘i by a law could take America.

It was a fraud—it created a disease that spread, a malaise we all suffer—called the myth of annexation. We all believe we are part of America, we all act as if that were true. We have been taught that way. We follow the lead of others who act that way.

The truth is that the joint resolution did not give to the United States the monopoly on the use of legitimate violence—a violence to build on Mauna Kea, the violence to arrest those who seek to stop that building. Most of all the University claims Mauna Kea by lease—a lease derived from the Joint Resolution.

It is said that the Joint Resolution gave Mauna Kea to the United States, which gave it to the State, which gave it to the University. As a matter of law that is false. It is a lie. The University has no power over Mauna Kea. It cannot build, it cannot give permits, it cannot arrest us.

The mass of young people are here today in protest because we live in a world of cognitive dissonance. They live in a world where they are learning, at the University about the truth of the Joint Resolution, which gives no power, no sovereignty to the state. Outside of their classes they see the State taking what they love—preventing them from running into the burning house to save their Mauna Kea, their father, their sky-father.

And this dissonance makes them ill. It makes our youth sick. It is a crisis that creates mental illness. In short, to build on Mauna Kea is to cast a sickness throughout these islands, a sickness and sadness, not only on Native Hawaiians but on all people who live here.

I have included an appendix, taken from my work, which speaks to the myth of annexation and demonstrates that the Joint Resolution had no capacity to take the Nation of Hawai‘i. I will place this testimony and my appendix on my “Scholar Space” at Hamilton Library, the University of Hawai‘i at Manoa, under my name. This is the link to that site.

Mahalo and Mahalo Ke Akua.
Williamson Chang
Professor of Law
  9. @iamkanoa [2 likes]: Oh, thank you, thank you, Dr. Kanahele . You are as beautiful as you are inspiring. My heart is so full after watching and listening to you speak. I am grateful to have been able to be a witness. Many, many thanks again for sharing with us. 🙏🤍⭐🌻
  10. @SodaPopCurtis808 [2 likes]: My kupuna, thank you for this. I was surprised to see this in my feed this morning. A blessing for sure….
  11. @thrutherhythm44 [2 likes]: Thank you, beautiful.
  12. @butzlel5965 [1 likes]: Hi
  13. @MentorRick: Thankyou
  14. @rena6430: Light the fire within!❤❤❤
  15. @AndreIngram-mb9yp: Jupiter
  16. @AndreIngram-mb9yp: Mauiipoentranc3 mi
  17. @carlstclair1955: Mahalo nui loa. A hmm Ive had long time now, has been reveild
  18. @SkunkCity_RC: Salamat apo
  19. @bodyboardingchronicles602: Paka Hia Apa U.
A U Lima.
A Una Ki.
Chee! Hu! = Cheering! Hooray!
  20. @jadajuan3881: Trippy How Much Haʻolez Like 2 No Our Story, Like B Kanakaz, Damn ʻKULTURE VULTUREZʻ Try Ask Dem Dey History, N All Going B Is ʻRAPEZ,STEALINGZ,SLAVERY&KILLINGZ! DAMN DEVILZ! Revenge Must B Taken! Prepare Slaughter 4Dey Children 4Da Iniquity Of Dey Fatherz!!! ISAIAH14:21 NEVA TRUST DA HA'AOLEZ!!!

- How To Be A Snow Bird (NO MATTER WHAT AGE YOU ARE): Kind: captions Language: en everything you think you know about snowboarding is wrong in this video i'm going to break it down for you and explain what it actually is i'm brooks with snowbird nation brokered by exp realty before we get into this go ahead and hit the link below for the relocation guide so snowboarding used to be an older concept about older people getting their rvs checking out good weather because that's essentially what it is you see the birds fly south for the winter humans do the same we chase the 70 degree weather but if you're affluent enough and you are spry enough you can be like this youth right here and visit places like las vegas nevada phoenix arizona utah so snowboarding is all about freedom that's the premise of it whether you're a hiker a biker you like to go around and try different foods in different cities snowboarding gives you the latitude to live out of your mobile home here and go to these different cities and enjoy yourself whatever activity it might be you your friends your dog whatever it's all about chasing the weather chasing the good times and it really doesn't matter what age it is anymore you have teenagers doing it you have up to 60 year olds doing it and your your rig really reflects your needs so how do you make money while you're snowboarding well everything's remote especially because the covid right you got your zoom calls from your van you got your wi-fi from your van you do your telecommunications your sales whatever you might need to do with your van and also there's a subsect of people doing all these vlogs and whatnot and getting paid to do that from your van different locations youtube is free advertising for this kind of lifestyle and you can even get sponsorships so not only if your videos are popular enough you can monetize them through the youtube application but you could also get sponsors but here's the biggie you gotta limit yourself you can't have a huge wardrobe full of shoes or anything like that you got to break it down to about 20 pairs of clothes 10 pairs of shoes you got to pre-plan all your food and everything like that but that's part of the fun of it as well is pre-planning your lifestyle to get to where you need to go but whatever you're looking for whether it's self-containment isolation activity there's a community out there for you of snowbirds you dive into the online you find your community you guys follow each other around the nation it's beautiful like that so if you're looking for your community of snowbirds whatever that might be we're going to have a link in the description down below with the relocation guide hook up to that link check it all out there's different subsets and you're going to find your place so if you want a snowbird you could definitely create your life by design it's not that expensive it just takes some planning remember only you can make your real estate dreams take flight

- What To Consider Before Becoming A Snowbird: Kind: captions Language: en I know what we mean when we say someone is a Snowbird but if not it just means that they spend the winter months living somewhere else that's probably a lot warmer than it is here and then when they come back they say oh I missed watching you when I was in Arizona and we love it when they come back oddly enough the US Census Bureau says that they don't know how many Minnesotans are snowbirds but if you think that it's time for you to become one to Julie and Daniel Deroche a from der O'Shea Realty Group and Coldwell Banker Burnett are here to help you get it all figured out guys it starts with figuring out the order in which you will do things help me understand what you mean by that order and what's the first thing you got to do yeah well there's a lot of things to figure out and you want to go at it in a logistic way so if you can keep you know most people are in a bigger house here and then they buy their house down south right it seems like they buy it and they spend a couple years going down for a little bit and then they go down south more and more and more hmm so when you want to get rid of your house up here are you gonna be able to pick out something first you're gonna be able to buy something first or do you have to sell that house to get the money from it to buy something else up here help me understand that too so do people if they become snowbirds and they find their spot down there in Sarasota typically do most folks have to downsize whatever their Minnesota house is just because they're not there that often and they need to help now pay for this second piece of property yeah I mean the lucky people don't have to and I think it's more of a maintenance thing too it's do you want to be maintaining this big house up in Minnesota especially through the winter months mm-hmm while you're down and a lot of our clients come to us and they just don't want the stress of having to worry about their big house in Minnesota this is what I wonder though do people find that they maybe bought too small of a house down south and then they've got this monster house up here where they're thinking like then when people come to visit them in Arizona they don't necessarily have room for everybody at Christmas it's a mix it's across the park we've seen people make mistakes on both sides buying them too big and too small okay it's it's definitely important to spend time at all the places that you think about because everybody's gonna have friends and say oh come to California oh come to Florida oh come to Arizona and honestly the best thing to do is really go spend like a couple weeks or maybe even a couple months renting a place in each one of the places that people recommend so that you really get a feel for yourself and then you can also see how much space you need because if you rent a place for two months and have family out you start getting a feel for what you need out there so a lot of folks might go because you do have these different size options condo is a pretty popular choice whenever folks are going down south yeah transition to a condo up here so that's also a kind of a great thing to do if you're gonna a lot of our snowbirds I would say that spend more than six months down south and they don't they just want a place to come up here in the summer yeah they won't travel we have a lot of maybe their kids up here have bigger houses they do yeah you don't they want to travel and the offseason in between that way and you would want an association to I I would think if you're not gonna be there and if you're not gonna be there during the winter when it's time to shovel and plow the driveway if you're in an association that handles all that that takes away some of that stress that you're talking about it does and even security like if you have a single-family home back here that you're just let's say you're going through the efforts of actually shutting it down and winterizing it and not coming back for it if somebody's not plowing your driveway yeah you know there's bad people people drive by they see no tracks and all of a sudden your house is primary yes you've got to have security cameras even so I was gonna say I got there's a couple examples like and Julie's parents it was a perfect example it was actually five years ago this coming Thanksgiving we're sitting at her parents dinner table and I'm like I think it's time for you guys to downsize from this big two-story and I got a good minute of silence at the table but we basically took him and showed him some they didn't want to get less square footage so we actually found like a twin home so one level actually had more square footage and more storage a similar square footage of living space but more storage and maintenance free they they're all friggin happy yeah so you don't necessarily have to think about like always downsizing people can get hesitant about that cuz they want to have a room to have everybody over but just making it more conducive to that Snowbird lifestyle which is less maintenance probably on both ends yes you definitely want less mainotes on both ends because people will have their two homes or even their cabin up north and their place in Florida we see a lot of people doing that mhm everybody's situation is so different everybody's level of Finance is so different you just really want to think about it and talk it out so long don't just jump and make a decision I like your idea of not necessarily being afraid of renting for a while to make sure that you really like where you're gonna be in that you even like the idea of going my parents been renting a place in Florida and then now they find theirs they're just not ready to go for that long of a period of time then it just ends up being too long and they kind of all their friends are doing it so they kind of thought we would do it too and it doesn't work for them yet or our on the other flip side if you really want to buy something down there but you're not committed to going down there a lot buy something that you can rent out down there yeah make some money down that you know off of it while you're not living there and you know if you don't decide not to go there it stays an income-producing property you can buy something else somewhere you want to think about taxes quickly - like where your home base is gonna be based on your taxes yeah I think a lot of people think that they're gonna go down to Florida you know for instance floor doesn't have income tax so they think that there's anything convicts tax so they think they're gonna you know be a resident down there but the state that you're coming from Minnesota any state that you're coming from they're gonna want you to prove they're gonna be really strict about are you actually living down there your primary are you doing your doctor's visits down there or your friends now down there or you just maybe coming back up here to visit every once in a while but you really have to be predominantly living down there yeah a lot of people think six months in a day and I'm in the clear it's not that simple so Durocher realty group karyol staging and property shots are teaming up to help a well-deserving person sell their home I think this is really cool they want to offer free staging photography marketing of the home and a waved Commission on the listing side to someone in need so who are you looking for Julian Daniel just anybody that's going through a hardship you know like maybe a spouse has passed away and something where or maybe a medical reason where they have to move something like that so yeah they're still in the home because they don't want to sell they have to sell like it was excited for them yep and exactly they've taken a true financial hardship and you know getting divorced because you don't like your spouse doesn't qualify you know what I mean but losing somebody military you know whatever the situation is like that we want to hear from everybody but we're gonna go through some strict stuff but just there's so many people in so that's you or if that's someone in your circle that you happen to know here's how you can enter a good you D Realty g.com forward slash promotion will link up to that on Twin Cities live.com

  Top Comments:
  1. @ricepony33 [3 likes]: 1:10 Couldn't help but notice her hiding and fiddling with her diamond ring after this 'lucky people' statement. No offense, just interesting.
  2. @RetrieverTrainingAlone [2 likes]: We rent a house for 6-months in the area we eventually want to buy a winter house (currently have a home in rural Alaska).
  3. @vansmack4972 [1 likes]: Too cold in Alaska.
  4. @RustySprocket: Rich people...

- The 10 Best Countries For Snowbirds: Kind: captions Language: en A snowbird is someone wants to migrate to get&nbsp; away from cold weather and enjoy the warmth,&nbsp;&nbsp; ideally leaving before the first snow&nbsp; and returning home as it begins to thaw.&nbsp; Here are 10 of the best&nbsp; snowbird destinations for 2022.&nbsp; 1. Belize&nbsp; Belize is an affordable piece of quintessential&nbsp; Caribbean that provides a tremendous sense of&nbsp;&nbsp; personal freedom. Here, many people invest in&nbsp; self-sufficient and self-sustainable lifestyles.&nbsp; This country is famous for its white-sand&nbsp; beaches and clear, unpolluted waters.&nbsp; Belize is an English-speaking country that&nbsp; is welcoming and friendly to outsiders. The&nbsp;&nbsp; weather happens to be perfect between December and&nbsp; April, making this an ideal spot for snowbirds.&nbsp; 2. Portugal&nbsp; This small nation is home to breathtaking&nbsp; scenery, varying beautiful landscapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; architectural wonders, and picturesque beaches. Despite its small size,&nbsp;&nbsp; Portugal has a lot to offer visitors. Portugal is affordable, laid-back,&nbsp;&nbsp; and rich in culture, with over 1,794 km of&nbsp; coastline and 300 days a year of sunny skies.&nbsp; No matter what you’re into, there&nbsp; are activities to suit any lifestyle.&nbsp; 3. Costa Rica Rainforests, stunning beaches, great food,&nbsp;&nbsp; and affordable prices… Costa Rica has it all. Costa Rica boasts one of the best climates in&nbsp;&nbsp; the world, having both tropical&nbsp; and subtropical climates.&nbsp; While it doesn’t have the most developed&nbsp; infrastructure, it is a beautiful country&nbsp;&nbsp; where you can discover stunning&nbsp; scenery and wildlife at every turn.&nbsp; Costa Rica is a laid-back getaway perfect&nbsp; for a snowbird to set up their winter nest.&nbsp; 4. Panama&nbsp; Panama, which has been dubbed “the Hub&nbsp; of the Americas,” can arguably be called&nbsp;&nbsp; the best offshore haven in the world. This country is blessed with beautiful&nbsp;&nbsp; rainforests, stunning beaches, soaring&nbsp; mountains, charming islands, and colonial towns.&nbsp; Although Panama City can be a little&nbsp; more expensive, outside the capital,&nbsp;&nbsp; Panama is still a very affordable place to live. It has top-notch healthcare facilities, a friendly&nbsp;&nbsp; population, and a laid-back, easygoing atmosphere. 5. Dominican Republic&nbsp; The Dominican Republic is a beautiful white-sand&nbsp; haven surrounded by warm turquoise waters that&nbsp;&nbsp; enjoys year-round sunshine. This island is affordable and&nbsp;&nbsp; boasts a diverse landscape, including&nbsp; beaches, jungle, and mountain hideaways.&nbsp; The people here are friendly and&nbsp; welcoming, and it is one of the easiest&nbsp;&nbsp; places in the world to establish residency. You’ll always find adventure and excitement,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether it’s in a mountain retreat&nbsp; or one of the charming beach towns.&nbsp; 6. Colombia&nbsp; Colombia is home to some of the best healthcare&nbsp; in Latin America, yet is still a place where you&nbsp;&nbsp; can live a premium lifestyle at a low cost. It is an excellent haven for investors,&nbsp;&nbsp; retirees, and second-home buyers to bypass&nbsp; the typical snowbird escapes like Florida or&nbsp;&nbsp; Arizona in exchange for adventure, romance, and&nbsp; a high-class lifestyle for an affordable price.&nbsp; On top of all that, Colombia has stunning&nbsp; white-sand beaches that lead to crystal clear&nbsp;&nbsp; blue waters, great weather, colonial cities,&nbsp; a vibrant culture, and loads of activities to&nbsp;&nbsp; keep visitors busy. 7. Malta&nbsp; Malta has a rugged coastline&nbsp; with stunning cliffs, beaches,&nbsp;&nbsp; quaint fishing harbors, coves,&nbsp; and ancient forts to explore.&nbsp; The laid-back vibe of this island makes&nbsp; it an excellent destination for retirees,&nbsp;&nbsp; and people who love the sun and outdoors. On top of that, Malta offers top-notch healthcare,&nbsp;&nbsp; the island is very safe, the quality of&nbsp; life is high, and the cost of living is low.&nbsp; 8. Malaysia Malaysia is&nbsp;&nbsp; an excellent place to spend your winters if you&nbsp; are interested in learning a lot about different&nbsp;&nbsp; cultures without spending the whole winter&nbsp; bouncing around from one place to another.&nbsp; This country is exotic, with stunning beaches&nbsp; and a low cost of living, yet it is safe,&nbsp;&nbsp; and has excellent healthcare… to the point where&nbsp; the country is now a medical tourism hot spot.&nbsp; 9. Vietnam&nbsp; Vietnam is a peaceful country that could&nbsp; arguably be called the cheapest place to&nbsp;&nbsp; live on Earth, depending on your lifestyle. It is a very tourist- and expat-friendly country,&nbsp;&nbsp; and the government makes an effort to treat&nbsp; foreigners well to attract more visitors.&nbsp; Vietnam is a land of breathtaking, world-class&nbsp; beaches, beautiful mountain retreats,&nbsp;&nbsp; and vibrant towns. 10. Mexico&nbsp; Mexico is easily the most accessible&nbsp; country from the United States and Canada,&nbsp;&nbsp; and one of the most popular expat&nbsp; destinations in the Americas.&nbsp; Mexico is a vast country with endless lifestyle&nbsp; options. Mexico has mountains, rainforests,&nbsp;&nbsp; two long coastlines, colonial cities,&nbsp; Mayan ruins, jungles, rivers, and lakes.&nbsp; The proximity to the United States, the low cost&nbsp; of living, and the sheer variety of lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; options make Mexico an easy option for&nbsp; expats seeking a winter-proof haven.&nbsp; Which of these snowbird&nbsp; destinations call your name?&nbsp; Let us know in the comments!

  Top Comments:
  1. @MYRRHfamily [3 likes]: Ai garbage
  2. @VictoriaDonny [3 likes]: We made the list! Greetings from my new home, the Dominican Republic 🇩🇴
  3. @ill-fatedgamer [2 likes]: this guy has NEVER been to Belize LOL
  4. @lindadorman2869 [1 likes]: My choice is Malaysia...if they ever open up to international visitors again. I'd stay there longer than 90 days if they revise their MM2H program to be more affordable.
  5. @texasson7950 [1 likes]: When I lived in Europe, I'd see ads promoting Malaysia. "Malaysia - truly Asia"
  6. @Liveandinvestoverseas: Go here if you want to learn more about the top 10 snowbird destinations 👉https://bit.ly/3v2Lcoz 👈
  7. @RexPonder-y6b: After 15years we got out of Mexico it's gotten very expensive now and any nice places are more than the United States now and yes the cartel is everywhere 
 We moved from Mexico to Panama. Love it here much safer much cheaper
  8. @ehmt-19: DR
  9. @djdj-x2o: I am Vietnamese I never visit Vietnam.

Pick pocketing, Communist, one of the worst countries.

I wouldn't recommend Vietnam to anyone to visit.

Poisonous food.
  10. @elizagal7451: Not sure Vietnam is too welcoming in terms of visa requirements?
  11. @larryedmon2296: Panama is it.

- Canadian Snowbirds Act reintroduced to boost Arizona economy and tourism: Kind: captions Language: en Well, US Senators Mark Kelly and Ruben Ggo are pushing to boost Arizona's economy and tourism by reintroducing the bipartisan Canadian Snowbirds Act. Now, this comes as more than 10,000 Canadians spend their winters in our state every single year. The bill would allow Canadian citizens to stay longer in the US, actually up to 240 days a year, and that is nearly too much longer than the current law allows. In a statement released last week, Senator Mark Kelly said in part, "Canadians have long been an important part of Arizona's economy by owning or leasing homes, supporting local businesses, and spending their winters in our communities. It is estimated Canadian snowbirds contribute nearly $1 billion to our state annually.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Ironpumper [4 likes]: Sadly, I think this is going to be a very tough year for the State missing out on snow bird visits in 2025. I don’t think the issue is staying longer if people decide not to come anymore.
  2. @Herr2Cents [3 likes]: Good luck. Trump insulted Canada. Why visit a place that disrespects you?
  3. @yt1ei2oo9ba8 [1 likes]: Too late. Too bad. Never again. F arizona.
  4. @jandrews6254: Canadians are not travelling to US because your president threatened to destroy our economy to force our agreement to being “annexed”, or he’d try “something else”.
He referred to PM Trudeau and PM Carney as governor.
He has sneered at Canada’s sovereignty and said we only survive because of US. We actually support you with our oil, lumber, lithium, uranium, potash, hydro electricity and a lot more that you NEED to function.
He disrespected Canadian armed forces, just as he dismissed the contributions of other “allies” in the various US-initiated wars 
He’s slapped ridiculous tariffs on goods imported from Canada and has lied to US citizens, saying it was the exporting countries paying it.
He has enabled hate speech against Canadians, so that MAGAts now yell obscenities at us. And other foreign tourists.
We’ve been told to F off back to Canada and told we’re taking up too much parking space and restaurant tables. They cheer at the downturn saying they’re glad to see us gone.
Your ICE agents have 400+ Canadians somewhere in detention, one dead. Your border guards take delight in hassling those Canadians who do cross into the US, in one case deliberately delaying a retired couple so they missed a cruise they were to pick up in Seattle. That kind of petty nastiness.
It isn’t that Canadians are too cash strapped to travel to former snowbird destinations; we’re still travelling, but to peaceful and friendly destinations - Portugal, Mediterranean, UK, Australia, NZ, anywhere but US. Those US properties they sold? They were SECOND homes, where they spent the winter months before returning to their Canadian homes. Does that sound like we can’t afford to travel? Air Canada has even planned new routes for the next winter and NONE of them are in the US. As a matter of fact, none of those routes even have stopovers in the US, to avoid unpleasant confrontations with ICE.
Having formed new friendships and discovered new destinations, it’s unlikely we’ll come flocking back to US even if trump is no longer in office. The 77million who voted for him would still be there with their hatred.
So, trump said he needed nothing from Canada. So be it!

- Canada Snowbirds Abandon Florida | $6.6B Lost, Tourism & Housing Crisis Hits Hard: Kind: captions Language: en For President Trump's latest round of tariffs, air travel between Canada and Florida has dropped off. [Music] >> That's something noticed by Fort Lauderdale tourism officials. >> It's been um concerning. Uh Canadian tourism is about is down about 20%. Um Canada's our number one uh visitor market, so it's um disturbing. We're in a much better position. We have trillions of dollars coming into our country. If we didn't have tariffs, we would be a a very poor nation. >> He's attacking Canadian families, workers, and businesses. Florida, the sunshine state once painted as the ultimate winter paradise for Canadians, is facing a collapse no one thought possible. For decades, it was more than just a warm escape. It was a ritual. Retirees from across Canada, often called snowbirds, would flock south every winter, bringing with them not just vacation spirit, but billions of dollars that fueled local economies. Beach towns thrived, restaurants buzzed, and whole communities depended on their steady return year after year. But today, that golden lifeline has cracked wide open. Shuttered storefronts now line boardwalks where Canadian laughter once echoed. Business owners whisper the same chilling words. Ghost Town. At John's Pass, one of Florida's most iconic waterfront strips. Revenues have already plummeted by 30% this year alone. The numbers are staggering. In just 6 months, Florida has lost an estimated $6.6 billion in Canadian spending. Alongside it vanished $2.1 billion in property taxes once secured by foreign seasonal residents. Town budgets, once comfortably cushioned by steady Canadian cash, are now riddled with shortfalls. Local leaders face impossible choices. Cut community services, raise taxes on struggling residents, or sink deeper into deficit. And the collapse is not only on the ground, it's in the skies above. Flights once brimming with Canadians heading to Miami, Tampa, or Fort Lauderdale are now flying half empty. Airline data shows a 76% drop in ticket sales from Canada to Florida compared with the same month a year earlier. Industry veterans call it unprecedented. Airports once designed to welcome crowds of seasonal visitors now operate at a fraction of their capacity. Terminals stand quiet, echoing with emptiness. Regional airports built and expanded in anticipation of endless Canadian arrivals are slashing routes by nearly 40%. What was once an asset is now a financial burden. For airlines like Air Canada, the silence is deafening. Flights from Toronto that used to sell out months in advance now leave with rows of empty seats. Crews describe it bluntly. We've never seen anything like this before. And behind every empty flight, every closed storefront, lies the same harsh truth. Canadians are no longer just skipping a season. They're walking away altogether. The retreat isn't temporary. It's decisive. In cities like Tampa, St. Petersburg, and Clearwater, demand for second homes has plunged by 25% in the first quarter of 2025. Families who once dreamed of Florida sunshine are now rushing to offload their investments. In Arizona, one real estate agency reports 18 Canadian-owned vacation homes suddenly listed for sale, five to six times higher than usual. Even families who lose thousands in deposits are choosing to cancel their trips. redirecting their winters to Mexico, Cuba, or even southern Europe. For Florida, it's more than lost tourism. It's the unraveling of an economy built on trust, stability, and loyalty. The question is no longer when Canadians will return. The question is, will they ever return at all? The cracks in Florida's winter economy are spreading fast, reaching into industries far beyond tourism. What began as a dip in airline tickets and vacation rentals has grown into a full-blown economic contagion. The Canadian exodus is leaving behind empty neighborhoods, silent clinics, and collapsing businesses. Take healthcare. For decades, Florida's clinics and hospitals thrived on the seasonal arrival of Canadian retirees. Thousands of patients would seek long-term care, routine checkups, and specialized treatments during their winter stay. This steady flow created a dependable income stream, keeping entire medical practices afloat. Now that lifeline is gone. Revenues at seasonal care centers have plunged by more than 60%. Specialists who once relied on predictable Canadian appointments stare at empty calendars. Some have closed their offices entirely, leaving communities without access to crucial services. The construction and home maintenance sector has been battered just as severely. Canadian-owned properties once provided year-round work for contractors. Seasonal renovations, repairs, landscaping, and upgrades kept crews busy and cash flowing. But now, contracts have collapsed by 70%. Contractors scramble for work, and small businesses that once relied on Canadian clients are downsizing or shutting their doors. The housing market itself is cracking under the strain. In neighborhoods designed around seasonal living, property values have fallen by as much as 30%. For sale signs line the streets, but buyers are nowhere to be found. Canadian homeowners are desperate to sell, flooding the market, while American demand is far too weak to absorb the excess. Entire streets that once buzzed with seasonal life now stand eerily silent. Windows shuttered and lawns unkempt. Behind these economic tremors lies politics. Florida, a state that built its identity on hospitality and openness, is now paying the price for choosing ideology over pragmatism. Instead of recalibrating when the first cracks appeared, leaders doubled down. They delivered fiery sound bites and defiant slogans, ignoring the mounting cost to local economies. The result, a credibility crisis that stretches across industries and even across borders. Leaked reports from tourism boards and chambers of commerce reveal the panic behind closed doors. Executives admit the losses are not just seasonal, they are structural. Hotels face waves of cancellations. Budgets once balanced by Canadian property taxes are sinking into deficit. Projections show shortfalls stretching years into the future. And perhaps the most devastating realization, this isn't a cycle that will simply correct itself with the next season sun. This is a permanent redirection of loyalty. Canadians once thought to be bound to Florida by climate are discovering alternatives. And those alternatives are more than willing to welcome them. The exodus is not just about missed vacations. It's about trust. Once trust is broken, it rarely returns. Florida gambled on loyalty, assuming Canadians would always come back for the warmth of its beaches. But economics is unforgiving, and the billions once taken for granted are now flowing abroad, reshaping the map of winter tourism forever. While Florida stumbles, rivals abroad are moving swiftly to seize the opportunity. They're not just waiting for Canadian travelers to show up. They are actively reshaping their policies, infrastructure, and messaging to capture the loyalty Florida squandered. Mexico, already a favorite destination for Canadians, is doubling down. Beyond the natural advantages of affordability and warm beaches, it's simplifying visa processes, extending residency options, and promoting itself as more than just a vacation spot. In coastal hubs like Puerto Valarta and Merida, developers are building new communities designed specifically to mirror the suburban comfort Canadians once sought in Florida. These aren't just condos. They're carefully crafted neighborhoods offering familiarity, safety, and long-term stability. Across the Atlantic, Portugal is taking a more strategic approach. Its government has launched campaigns not just about sunshine, but about trust, community, and security. Tax incentives for retirees, targeted marketing in Canadian cities, and a promise of political stability are all part of the pitch. The message is clear. You will belong here, and you won't have to worry about political storms derailing your plans. Then there's the Caribbean, a region that has always attracted winter travelers, but now stands ready to permanently replace Florida's role. Barbados, the Dominican Republic, and the Bahamas are repositioning themselves as more than resorts. They're branding as havens of hospitality where Canadians are not just tolerated for their money, but embraced as valued guests. Airlines are partnering with resorts to create seamless packages, making it easier than ever for Canadians to skip Florida entirely. Each of these destinations is exploiting a truth Florida ignored. Loyalty is fragile. Once lost, it migrates quickly. The billions in Canadian disposable income that once poured into Florida's economy are now fueling growth in Mexico, Portugal, and across the Caribbean. And unlike Florida, these regions are building long-term strategies to ensure that loyalty sticks. Meanwhile, the domino effect back home is accelerating. Entire industries tethered to seasonal Canadian demand are collapsing in tandem. Car rental companies, airport shuttles, catering services. Fleets of vehicles now sit idle in parking lots, gathering dust. Mechanics and drivers are laid off in waves. Restaurants that once thrived on winter crowds are closing sections, reducing staff or shutting down altogether. Even the health care sector continues to unravel. Pharmacies and hospitals that once relied on Canadian prescriptions and checkups are cutting staff or closing departments. administrators face impossible decisions, merging facilities or pulling out of communities entirely. The absence of Canadians is leaving behind not just economic gaps, but service deserts that local residents now struggle to navigate. And the blow to real estate is perhaps the most visible of all. Property tax revenues that funded schools, libraries, and community programs have evaporated. Local governments face painful budget cuts. Some neighborhoods once lush with well-kept Canadian-owned homes now show signs of decay, unckempt lawns, shuttered windows, entire streets sinking into eerie silence. What began as a tourism hiccup has mutated into a structural break. Florida is learning the hard way that when a single source of demand disappears, the collapse spreads in ways no one can fully contain. The deeper lesson of Florida's unraveling lies not just in the numbers, but in the signal it sends to the world. If even Canada, America's closest ally, its neighbor, its most dependable partner, can walk away this quickly, who might be next? The figures are brutal in their clarity. A single Canadian household spends on average $33,000 over 6 months in Florida. To replace that one household, it would take 28 American households. That's not just lost tourism. It's the collapse of a core customer base that was both predictable and loyal. And loyalty, once gone, does not come back easily. Florida built its winter economy on an assumption that climate alone would keep Canadians tethered to its beaches. That no matter the politics, snowbirds would always return. But the boycott proved otherwise. Economics is more powerful than sunshine. And when billions in revenue migrate elsewhere, they take with them tax dollars, jobs, and community investments that Florida once took for granted. The consequences are staggering. Schools that once benefited from seasonal property tax revenue are now cutting programs. Libraries and community centers close early, or not at all. Local governments are forced to slash services, leaving residents to bear the brunt of budget shortfalls they didn't cause. Neighborhoods that once glowed with seasonal life are fading into emptiness, their decline visible to anyone who dares to drive through. What began as a tourism shock has mutated into a full-scale economic contagion. One that is cascading across sectors, destabilizing entire towns and shaking investor confidence. And the collapse is not just Florida's problem. It's a warning to the entire United States. Once political hostility fractures economic trust, the damage spreads far beyond state lines. Investors, businesses, and policymakers are now confronted with a chilling truth. When ideology becomes the stage, the economy becomes the casualty. Florida elevated political defiance over pragmatic cooperation and in doing so undermine the very foundation of its prosperity. The cost is measured not only in billions of dollars, but in credibility. And credibility is the hardest currency to regain. Meanwhile, competitors abroad are thriving. Mexico's snowbird communities expand. Portugal wins retirees with promises of security, and Caribbean resorts welcome a surge of Canadian visitors. The disposable income Florida once relied on is now cementing loyalty elsewhere. And with every passing year, the chance of winning that loyalty back grows smaller. So the question remains, if America cannot hold on to the trust of its closest neighbor, how will it fair in the eyes of the rest of the world? If Canada can turn away, what about Europe, Asia, or Latin America? The unraveling of Florida's winter economy is more than a local crisis. It's a glimpse into a future where America's reputation as a stable partner crumbles, and the message is unmistakable. Trust once lost may never

- MILLIONS Are Leaving: Florida Governor PANICS After Canadian Snowbirds Leave Florida!: Kind: captions Language: en Governor Ron DeSantis stood before Florida and downplayed Canadians abandoning the state. His exact words: "3.3 million visitors from Canada. That's not much of a boycott in my book." Then he mocked Canadian hockey fans bragging about Florida's Stanley Cup victories. 3 months later, Canadian tourism to Florida collapsed from 640,000 in Q2 2024 to just 99,000 in early 2025. Airline seats between Canada and Florida down by tens of thousands. Fort Myers down 30%. Palm Beach down 43%. And real estate broker Alexandra Dupont, who sells primarily to Quebecers, is drowning in listings. "I've never had this much in a decade. I picked up three new listings on Monday. That's never happened to me in one day." Meet Cecelia Sedrone. She's been wintering in her Hallandale Beach condo since 2011. Sunshine all the time. Don't have to shovel snow. The beach, the sand. But last week, she signed her closing papers after 14 years. Not because she wanted to leave, because her insurance jumped from $1,600 to $16,000 annually. 10 times what she paid when she bought the property. And in the next 7 minutes, you're going to discover why Florida is losing the most valuable tourism demographic in America. Why Canadians who once spent $6 billion annually in Florida are now choosing Mexico, Portugal, and the Dominican Republic instead. And why Governor DeSantis went from insulting Canadian snowbirds in March to watching Senator Rick Scott desperately introduce legislation begging them to stay longer in July. Because while DeSantis was mocking Canadians and bragging about using their tax dollars to subsidize Florida residents, he destroyed the golden goose. And now, Florida's real estate market, tourism economy, and small businesses from Fort Myers to Miami are paying the price. Let me take you back to 2011. Cecelia Sedrone buys her Florida condo. Insurance $1,600 a year. Property taxes 1,500. The Canadian dollar is trading near parity with the US dollar. She spends winters in paradise. Beaches, golf, sun, no snow shoveling. It's the dream retirement. And she's not alone. An estimated 1 million Canadians spend up to 6 months every year wintering in Florida. They contribute $6.5 billion to the state's economy. They own properties. They shop local. They eat at restaurants. They volunteer at hospitals. They become vital members of destination communities. According to the National Association of Realtors report, Canadians made up nearly 25% of foreign sellers in Florida between April making up 13% of all foreign transactions, more than any other nationality. Nearly half were vacation homes, and Florida, Arizona, and Hawaii ranked as the top markets. Fort Myers and Cape Coral, over 215,000 Canadian visitors annually, spending over $218 million. Lee County alone. Eight of the 10 best American destination communities for Canadian snowbirds are in Florida. Then everything collapsed at once. Sedrone's insurance $16,000 annually in 2024, 10 times what she paid 13 years earlier. Her property taxes nearly 4,000 versus 1,500 a decade ago. Property upgrades required by stricter building codes after Surfside, thousands more, forcing her to remortgage her second home. And the Canadian dollar trading at 69 cents USD. That's a 31% loss compared to when the dollar was at parity a decade ago. So when Sedrone's insurance jumps to 16,000 USD, she's actually paying 23,000 Canadian. When property taxes hit 4,000 USD, that's nearly 6,000 Canadian. Every expense is amplified by the exchange rate. As Sedrone said, "For us Canadians, it's a double whammy." So here's your dopamine gap. You expected Canadian snowbirds to stay forever. They'd been coming for decades. $6 billion annually. Reliable. Consistent. The backbone of Florida's winter tourism economy. But reality, they're fleeing in numbers not seen since COVID. And DeSantis' response was to mock them on national television. Let's talk about what's actually happening on the ground, because the numbers are devastating. According to 2023 and March 2024. That's up from just 11% in the same period a year earlier. That's not a modest increase. That's a mass exodus. Alexandra Dupont, a real estate broker who sells properties largely to Quebecers in Southeast Florida, is experiencing something she's never seen in a decade of business. "I've juggled twice my typical workload with 30-plus listings. I've never had Her father and business partner, Sylvain Dupont, remembers when properties lasted for a day or two before being snapped up. Now, weeks, months, and all the sellers are Canadian. Andrea Hartman, managing partner of the Sandy Hartman Group in the Tampa Bay area, told reporters, "Since the beginning of the year, we have not received an offer from a Canadian buyer even once, and normally we would. Not once in peak buying season from a demographic that used to dominate the Tampa condo market." And the data confirms it. In the Tampa, St. Petersburg, Clearwater region, mortgage lock volume for second homes fell 25% year-over-year in Q1 2025. That's buyers securing rates ahead of purchases, down 25%. So why are Canadians abandoning Florida after decades of loyalty? It's not one reason. It's four forces converging simultaneously. According to an Insurify study reported by realtor.com, the average annual premium in Florida jumped from 14,140 USD in 2024 to a projected 15,460 USD in 2025. That's a 9% increase in 1 year. And Florida is the most expensive state in the entire nation for homeowners insurance. Hialeah tops the list at $26,693 per year. That's over $2,000 per month just for insurance. 16 insurers have withdrawn completely from Florida. The ones that stayed tripled or quadrupled premiums. Sedrone's insurance went from 1,600 to 16,000. That's not an outlier. That's the new normal for coastal properties. The Canadian dollar is trading at approximately 69 cents USD. That's a 31% parity a decade ago. So when Sedrone's insurance jumps to 16,000 USD, she's actually paying 23,000 Canadian. When property taxes hit 4,000 USD, that's nearly 6,000 Canadian. Every expense is amplified by the exchange rate. As Sedrone said, "For us Canadians, it's a double whammy." In December 2024, President Trump started calling Canada the 51st state and threatening tariffs. Canadians were deeply offended. They embraced a buy local movement. Keep money in Canada. Spend winters elsewhere. Then on March 4th, 2025, DeSantis piled on. After downplaying Canadian tourism numbers, he mocked their hockey team. "Maybe they wanted to get a glimpse of what a Stanley Cup winning hockey team actually looks like." And the month before, in a budget presentation, DeSantis said this: "I want Canadian tourists and Brazilian tourists subsidizing the state and making it so Florida residents pay less taxes. I don't want to give Canadians a tax cut." He literally said he wants to exploit Canadian tourists to lower taxes for Floridians. Not thank them for their contributions. Not appreciate their loyalty. Exploit them. Ken O'Brien, a Florida property owner, summarized what happened next. "Now with the political issue, the cost of maintaining a place here in Florida, and the insurance, a lot of them decided to sell and go." Alexandra Dupont says her clients are telling her they're done with South Florida. "I've been told by a lot of my clients that they're going to Mexico, either to a 5-6 month rental or even purchase something over there." Mexico doesn't have hurricane risk. Portugal has stable insurance. The Dominican Republic welcomes Canadians with open arms. And all three are significantly cheaper than Florida after factoring in insurance, taxes, and the weak Canadian dollar. Sylvain Dupont explains the generational shift. Younger couples or people, they want to travel. They'll spend a winter in Portugal, or they'll go to Miami, they'll go to Mexico, or they'll go to the Dominican Republic. Florida was the default choice for Canadian retirees. Now, it's just one option among many, and an increasingly unattractive one. So, what happened after DeSantis mocked Canadians in March and watched them flee by April? By July, Florida politicians were panicking. Senator Rick Scott introduced the Canadian Snowbirds Act, bipartisan legislation to allow eligible retired Canadian citizens to stay two additional months every year. Scott's words, "Florida has long been a second home for hundreds of thousands of snowbirds from our northern neighbor, who flock to the Sunshine State to enjoy the great weather, beautiful beaches, and all that we have to offer. These annual visitors fuel billions of dollars into our economy and support so many jobs for local families in the tourism industry." That's July. In March, DeSantis was saying, "That's not much of a boycott in my book." By July, Senator Scott is begging them to come back and stay longer. The desperation is palpable and embarrassing. So, here's where we are. Canadian tourism to Florida dropped from 640,000 in Q2 2024 to 99,000 in early 2025. Fort Myers airline seats down 30%, Palm Beach down 43%, Tampa Bay second home mortgage locks down 25%, and Canadians now represent 25% of all foreign sellers versus 11% a year earlier. Secilia Cedrone, who spent 14 winters in Florida, sold her property because insurance went from 1,600 to $16,000 annually. The Canadian dollar trading at 69 cents made every expense unbearable. And when Governor DeSantis said he wanted Canadian tourists subsidizing the state while mocking their hockey team, that was the final insult. DeSantis went from, "That's not much of a boycott in my book" in March to watching Senator Scott introduce emergency legislation begging Canadians to stay longer in July. From mockery to desperation in four months. Canadian snowbirds contributed $6.5 billion annually to Florida's economy. They owned properties, they supported local businesses, they volunteered in communities, they were Florida's most valuable tourism demographic. And DeSantis destroyed that relationship in a single speech by insulting them while bragging about exploiting their tax dollars. Now, they're choosing Mexico, Portugal, and the Dominican Republic, places that welcome them instead of mocking them. The golden goose is dead, and Florida's governor killed it with his own mouth.

  Top Comments:
  1. @dwightpierce9973 [2 likes]: SOLUTION: RUN A SPECIAL  PROMOTION  TO WELCOME OUR NEW STATES. , ALBERTA  SASK. MANITOBA  AND BC. I'M  SURE  THEYLL BE LOYAL RESIDENTS AND REALLY APPRECIATE THE SUN. SURF AND HOSPITALITY
  2. @AtheoGay: So happy that Canadians are not returning to Florida. DeSantis complained about the snowbirds, so they repaid the hatred. Florida sucks under DeSantis. Get out while you can.
  3. @matlackjohn: Typical MAGA mismanagement and incompetence! The state loves the money spent in their economy! They’re talk about reducing or eliminating taxes because of the tourism dollars while bitching about the number of tourists in their communities! Good luck absorbing the cash flow!
  4. @davidoverholt251: Ron, you have cancelled your political premeire for your state! I am telling My Sister in Law, that her 30 yer rental unit is done! She should dump the rental condo and move to Berlize!

- Iran War to Canada to Florida Real Estate: The Economic Chain Reaction You Should Understand: Kind: captions Language: en Let me start by asking a question that sounds almost ridiculous. What if a prolonged war in the Middle East actually ended up supporting Florida real estate demand? Not because war is good for the economy. It's not. But because when global uncertainty rises, capital behaves in very predictable ways. Money looks for safety, currencies move, energy prices spike, and investors start asking a simple question. Where in the world is my money safest? Today, we're going to walk through that chain reaction step by step. First, we'll look at the global economy ripple effects if the Iran war persists. Then, in part two, we'll look at a counterintuitive scenario, why that same conflict could actually increase demand for Florida real estate, especially among Canadian investors. Part one. If the Iran war persists, likely economic ripple effects. Iran's current strategy, according to many analysts, is not necessarily to defeat the United States militarily. It's something different. The strategy is to raise the economic cost of the war. And the way to do that is by targeting the global economy's pressure points. The biggest one is energy. Energy shock. About 20% of the world's oil and LNG natural gas shipments normally pass through the straight of Hormuz. If that shipping lane becomes disrupted, even partially, global oil prices respond almost immediately. And oil is not just about gasoline. Oil effects, transportation, agriculture, plastics, airlines, logistics, manufacturing, construction materials. In other words, oil is embedded in almost everything we buy. So when energy prices spike, inflation tends to follow. Shipping and trade disruptions. Energy is only part of the equation. Shipping routes through the Persian Gulf become riskier during conflict. When that happens, shipping insurance costs rise, cargo routes are rerouted, delivery times lengthen, freight costs increase. The result is supply chain friction, and that friction raises the price of physical goods around the world. inflation returns. Energy shocks historically reignite inflation. And when inflation rises, central banks usually respond cautiously. Instead of cutting interest rates, they tend to keep rates higher for longer. That affects mortgage rates, business loans, construction financing, investment activity. In other words, a prolonged conflict could keep global financial conditions tight. Currency effects. During geopolitical crises, investors tend to move toward what are considered safe haven assets. This is called the flight to safety. The biggest safe haven asset in the world is still the US dollar. So during periods of uncertainty, global capital flows into US Treasury bonds. Investors hold more US dollars. The dollar often strengthens relative to other currencies. That has consequences for other economies. How about Canada's economy? Canada sits in an interesting position during energy shocks. Canada is a major oil exporter, which means higher oil prices can benefit the country's trade balance. Energy provinces like Alberta often see stronger revenues and investment, but Canadian consumers still feel the pain of higher fuel costs. So, Canada can experience a strange combination of stronger energy exports, higher domestic inflation, slower consumer spending. Meanwhile, if the US dollar strengthens globally, the Canadian dollar often weakens slightly in comparison. That matters for Canadian investors looking south. How about the US economy? While the US produces a lot of energy, it's still highly sensitive to oil prices. Higher oil prices raise transportation costs, airline tickets, manufacturing inputs, food prices. When households spend more on energy, they tend to spend less on discretionary purchases. That creates a mild stagflation risk. Slower growth combined with persistent The Federal Reserve may then delay interest rate cuts and that keeps borrowing costs elevated. US real estate higher borrowing costs affect housing markets. The typical pattern is not an immediate price collapse. Instead, what tends to happen is transaction volumes fall, buyers hesitate, sales cycles lengthen. Housing supply in many US markets is still limited, which tends to slow price declines, but higher rates reduce affordability. How about Florida real estate? Florida has become quite unique in economic dynamics. The state continues to benefit from population migration, favorable tax policies, tourism, and service industries. However, inflation raises the cost of construction materials, insurance, and labor. That affects new development, renovation costs, operating expenses for property owners. How about Orlando real estate? Orlando's housing market is influenced heavily by population growth, tourism employment, service sector expansion, new multif family construction. If interest rates remain elevated, home sales slow, rent growth moderates, occupancy remains relatively stable, rental demand often stays strong because higher mortgage rates keep some households renting longer. Now, what about local service businesses? Businesses that rely on discretionary spending, like home remodeling, tend to feel the pressure first. Consumers become more cautious. Typical changes include longer decision times, increased price sensitivity, smaller project scopes. But renovation demand rarely disappears completely. Homeowners still renovate when kitchens fail, appliances break, or properties need updating. Successful businesses during inflationary periods tend to focus on value, durability, and predictable pricing. Part two, the counterintuitive scenario for Orlando. Now, here's where things get interesting, because the global chain reaction we just discussed can produce a surprising side effect. A prolonged Middle East conflict could actually increase demand for Florida real estate. That sounds strange at first, but the mechanism is fairly straightforward. The global safety trade. During geopolitical crisis, investors often look for places where their wealth feels safer. That usually means three things: stable currencies, strong property rights, liquid real estate markets. The United States checks all three boxes and Florida happens to be one of the easiest entry points for international buyers. The currency hedge. If the US dollar strengthens during global uncertainty, international investors sometimes move capital into US dollar denominated assets. Real estate is one of the most common choices. Why? Because property can act as both an investment and a lifestyle asset. Florida offers something few markets can combine. Warm climate, relatively favorable taxes, international accessibility, strong tourism demand. What's Canada's role in all this? For Canadian investors, currency movements can make this dynamic even more interesting. If the US dollar strengthens relative to the Canadian dollar, some investors become cautious. But wealthier investors often react differently. They view US assets as a currency diversification strategy. Owning property in Florida effectively pays places part of their wealth inside the US economic system. That can feel like a form of financial insurance. What this means for Canadian snowbird investors. So, what does all of this mean if you're a Canadian investor looking at Florida? First, understand that global conflicts affect markets through indirect economic channels, energy prices, interest rates, currency movements, capital flows. Those forces can tighten financial conditions globally, but they can also reinforce the attractiveness of stable jurisdictions with strong property rights. Florida has historically been one of those destinations, especially for Canadians seeking lifestyle diversification, currency diversification, long-term real estate exposure. A prolonged geopolitical conflict does not automatically mean Florida real estate weakens. In some scenarios, it may even reinforce international demand. Because when uncertainty rises, investors around the world start asking the same question. Where should part of my life and my capital live? For many Canadian snowbird investors, Florida continues to be one of the answers. If you're a Canadian considering Florida real estate, the key is not to focus only on headlines. Instead, pay attention to the deeper economic forces, energy markets, currency movements, interest rates, and migration trends, because those forces often shape the real estate landscape far more than the headlines themselves.

- What Economists Don't Want You to Know About Florida's Tourism Crisis: Kind: captions Language: en Canadian travel agencies are slashing trips to Florida. This comes after thousands of snowbirds suddenly started looking elsewhere. Every winter, more than 60,000 Canadians used to flood Miami, Tampa, and Naples. Now, new US entry rules are making them think twice. Background checks, biometrics, and limits on extended stays. Florida quietly watched 100,000 visitors vanish in just one season. Politicians say everything's under control, but hotel owners are cutting hours, vacation rentals are sitting empty, and retirees who built entire neighborhoods are disappearing overnight. Someone isn't telling the full story. Let me show you what Florida doesn't want you to see. Visit Florida's latest data shows a sharp and undeniable trend. Canadian tourism is no longer dipping, it's retreating. Only 640,000 Canadians entered the state during the second quarter of 2025 compared to 739,000 during the same period last year. That's not a soft fluctuation. That's a collapse of more than 13% in just 12 months. And while politicians try to downplay it, the businesses on the ground don't need statistics to understand what's happening. They can see it in their empty hotel rooms, slow airport terminals, and quiet beachfronts. Visit Lordderdale, the official tourism authority for one of Florida's most snowbird dependent regions, reports Canadian visitors declining between 10% and 16% since April. At Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport, which typically sees thousands of Canadian arrivals per week, traffic from Canada dropped 13.5%. That single airport's decline is already costing the regional economy $90 million in lost activity. One airport, one county, one season. Now, let's extend that to Naples, Tampa, Clearwater, Sarasota, Daytona, Fort Meyers, Orlando. Basically, every city that relies on long-term winter residents from Canada, not just the weekend tourists. Economists once predicted that a 10% decline in Canadian snowbirds would mean $2.1 billion in loss spending and 14,000 job losses statewide. That warning was just hypothetical, you know, but this year it's real. And in some regions that decline isn't 10%. It's actually double. Yet, if you ask Florida's leadership, nothing is wrong. At the 2025 Florida Governor's Conference on Tourism, Governor Ronda Santis just brushed off the decline. He claimed Canadians are still coming in big numbers. He even joked that Canadians should be grateful to escape freezing winters. He pointed to total tourism numbers, 34.4 million visitors to Florida in the second quarter, as if bulk volume tells the whole story. But honestly, that's like losing your best paying customer and bragging that walk-in traffic stayed high. Not all tourists are equal. Earlier this year, Dantis went a step further. He suggested Canadian and Brazilian tourists should help subsidize Florida residents through higher taxes, but clarified he wouldn't support offering any tax breaks to Canadians in return. Translated, "We want your cash, not your comfort." Canadians heard that loud and clear, and they're choosing to respond, not with anger, but absence. The problem isn't just political tension. It's stacked pressure from every direction. Insurance costs in Florida have exploded. Canadians who own winter homes are receiving renewal notices, doubling or tripling their premiums. Some policies are being dropped entirely. Properties that once cost $2,000 a year to ensure now cost $8,000 or more. A growing number of snowbirds say keeping a Florida home isn't just annoying, it's financially irrational. Then there's the exchange rate. Every US dollar they spend costs Canadians 35 to 40% more after conversion. Gas, groceries, dining, healthcare, all inflated. A month in Florida that used to be affordable is now luxury pricing. Even those who can still afford it are reconsidering whether it's worth the hassle. Then there's culture and comfort. What used to feel like a warm second home now feels tense. Canadian travelers consistently describe a change in social atmosphere. More political hostility, more gun anxiety, more immigration scrutiny. One longtime guest at Richard's Motel in Hollywood, Florida, a woman who'd been visiting for 25 years straight, cancelled her reservation this year. Speaking through a translator, she said, "I used to feel free in Florida. Now I am scared." That statement reveals a truth no statistics can measure. This isn't just about money, insurance, or policy. It's about belonging. Canadians didn't just travel to Florida. They adopted it. They built friendships, joined local clubs, donated to community centers, volunteered at churches, and treated Florida like a second homeland. When that emotional bond weakens, everything else follows. And nowhere are the cracks more visible than real estate. According to Redfin, Canadian buyer interest in Florida homes is down 25% year-over-year. In what should have been the peak buying season of the first quarter of 2025, brokers across Tampa Bay, Clearwater, Cape Coral, and Fort Meyers report near zero inquiries from Canadians, something they've never seen before. One Naples-based agent who spent 20 years specializing in Canadian clients says many longtime owners are now selling their Florida homes permanently. Her comments were blunt. The love affair is over. They're cashing out and the ripple effect devastating. Each sold home means fewer months of taxes paid, fewer boat rentals, fewer trips to Publix, fewer health care visits, fewer contractors hired. A second home isn't just a real estate transaction. It's a fivemonth economic engine. Florida isn't losing tourists. It's losing residents, the kind who stay half the year, spend like locals, and keep entire neighborhoods alive. And once they leave, they don't come back. Florida officials insist this is temporary, a minor fluctuation. But the numbers tell a different story. This isn't a pause. It's an exodus and it's accelerating. The most alarming decline isn't even in hotels or airports. It's in long-term engagement. Places once fueled by Canadians year after year are now watching their seasonal lifeblood dry up. Take Fort Lauderdale Hollywood International Airport. Historically one of the top three US gateways for Canadian arrivals. International passengers, largely Canadians, are down 21.5% year to date. That's not a dip. That's structural failure. Airlines are already cutting flights. WestJet and Air Canada have reduced seasonal routes into Florida, reallocating capacity to Mexico, Jamaica, and Portugal, where traveler demand is increasing. If flights disappear, visitors don't just delay their trip. They redirect permanently. Local business owners are watching in disbelief. Richard Clevette, owner of Richard's Motel in Hollywood, said his business faced a wave of cancellations throughout spring and summer. Recently, he's seeing about one solid reservation per day, a shadow of what he used to book every hour. He's cautiously optimistic, but even he admits this isn't seasonal slowdown. This is a shift. Tourism boards know it. Visit Lordderdale sent executives all the way to Brazil to recruit new visitors. A desperate attempt to plug a leak that keeps widening. The Atlantic Hotel and Spa joined these outreach missions, openly acknowledging that Canadian traffic plunged so severely they could no longer rely on their core market. One spokesperson said, "We're not waiting to find out if they're coming back. We're replacing them now. But here's the error. You can't replace a Canadian snowbird with a Brazilian vacationer. Not because one is better than the other, but because they behave differently. Canadians stay 4 to 5 months. Brazilians stay 7 10 days. Canadians buy property. Brazilians rent hotels. Canadians fill grocery stores andarmacies. Brazilians flock to malls and beaches. Canadians volunteer, pay HOA fees, attend local events. Brazilians visit theme parks. This isn't about nationality. It's about economic structure. Florida built entire ecosystems around long-term seasonal residents and is now trying to replace them with short-term tourists who can't possibly replicate that impact. The ripple effect is brutal. When Canadians sell their condos, stop buying appliances, cancel insurance policies, skip doctor visits, and stop tipping $20 on breakfast because that's just what they do. The economy notices, but not immediately, slowly, silently, then suddenly. Even public infrastructure feels it. Property tax revenue from snowbirds helps fund schools, police, fire services, park maintenance, even libraries. When that revenue fades, local governments have two options. Cut services or raise taxes on full-time residents. Guess which one gets more backlash. It's not even just Florida anymore. National Travel Data shows Canadians backing away from the United States altogether. Statistics Canada reported that in July 2025, Canadians returning by car from the US dropped 36.9% from 2024 levels. Air returns were down 25.8%. And August continued the trend. Canadian car visits to the US plummeted 34%. That means this isn't just about hurricanes or one governor's remarks or Florida insurance rates. It's about a growing emotional and political divide between two countries that used to treat each other like friendly siblings. Think about this. In 2024, 20.2 million Canadians visited the United States. They spent over 20 billion supporting 140,000 American jobs. Now those numbers are collapsing nationwide. Even Representative Jared Moscowitz, a Florida lawmaker, admitted Canadian tourism in parts of Broward and Palm Beach counties was down about 80%. Fact checkers tried to calm the number, saying it wasn't officially that high, but even their conservative estimate of a 20% drop is enough to send local businesses into panic. The Canadian retreat is unlike anything Florida has faced. Hurricanes come and go. Red tide hits one year and clears the next. Recessions slow spending but recover. But when a loyal traveler feels unwelcome, they don't pause, they choose elsewhere. So where are they going? Mexico is the new Florida for thousands of former snowbirds. All inclusive resorts offer multimonth packages at prices cheaper than a Florida condo's insurance bill. Medical care is affordable. Locals are friendly. No one is fingerprinting them at the border or asking how long they plan to stay. The Caribbean, especially the Dominican Republic, Barbados and Turks and Kaikos, offers familiar beaches without the political static. Portugal and Spain are seeing a surge in European style snowbirds who want history, mild winters, healthcare access, and lower rent. And here's the most crucial line. Most Canadians leaving Florida aren't taking a break. They're closing a chapter. They're selling their Florida homes. They're building new social lives elsewhere. They're watching Spanish sunsets instead of clear water ones. They're joining Facebook groups like Canadian snowbirds in Portugal instead of Canadians in Naples, Florida. The next 6 months will decide whether Florida corrects course or locks in a long-term economic decline disguised beneath stable headline numbers. State officials keep pointing to overall tourism figures, proudly noting that Florida welcomed 75.3 million visitors in the first half of 2025, only 0 1% lower than the same period in 2024. On paper, that seems fine. To the untrained eye, nothing is wrong. But look deeper. Domestic tourism, especially day trippers and short-term vacationers from other US states, has stayed strong. Meanwhile, international tourism is falling sharply. And Canada, historically Florida's most valuable foreign market, is leading that decline. That trade-off is dangerous. You can't replace a 75year-old snowbird who rents a condo for 5 months, tips generously at breakfast every morning, buys furniture, pays HOA dues, donates to local churches, attends community fish fries with a family of four who spends 3 days at Disney, eats off property once, and flies home. But that's how the data is being interpreted. State leaders see big visitor numbers and assume everything's fine. Small business owners see empty bar stools and cancelled bookings and know everything is not fine. The most overlooked issue, generational transfer. Many of the Canadians currently selling their Florida homes are in their 70s and 80s. People who have been coming for 20, 30, sometimes 40 winters. They didn't just love Florida. They were part of it. They knew their neighbors. They had traditions. They went to the same restaurants every week. They were regulars at church bingo nights. Now they're aging out of travel. And instead of passing their Florida lifestyle to their children, they're closing that book entirely. Younger Canadians don't want the same kind of snowbird life. They're not buying second homes. They're not interested in spending five straight months in one place. They want flexibility, multiple shorter trips across different countries. They'd rather backpack Portugal and Costa Rica than sit on one beach until April. And Florida is doing absolutely nothing to appeal to them. No new incentives, no visa flexibility for longer stays, no tax accommodations, no insurance reform, no warm messaging. Instead, they hear, "Come if you want, but you'll pay more and don't expect gratitude." Compare that to Portugal, which now offers longstay visas specifically for retirees and remote workers. Spain advertises aggressively to Canadians, promising lower cost of living, access to public health care, and tax friendly residency options. Mexico has streamlined customs for extended visitors and welcomes Canadian snowbirds with no fingerprinting, no suspicion, and no lectures. In other words, Florida isn't being outpriced. It's being outhospitable. Some tourism experts say Florida could turn this around, but only if leadership acknowledges the crisis instead of denying it. Here's what could help. public messaging that explicitly welcomes Canadian visitors without sarcasm or condescension. Insurance reforms or incentive programs that help foreign property owners keep their homes. Bilateral talks with Canada reassuring long-term visitors that they're still wanted. Travel marketing campaigns built around nostalgia reminding older snowbirds of the Florida they fell in love with before it slips away. But none of that happens unless state leaders stop pretending everything's fine. And that's the real crisis. Florida won't wake up one morning to find all its Canadian snowbirds gone. Instead, it'll wake up and realize they've been leaving quietly, steadily, for years. And by the time the state notices, they'll already be happily settled in Mexico, Portugal, or the Caribbean. By then, the condos will be sold. The airport routes will be cancelled. The local diners will be shuttered on weekday mornings. And the economy will adapt, but painfully. Residents who once benefited from snowbird tax revenue may suddenly face higher local taxes. Service sector workers may lose hours or entire jobs. Real estate markets could flatten for years. The danger isn't immediate collapse. its slow decay disguised as stability. Right now in October 2025, Florida stands in a moment of denial versus reality. On one side are politicians saying everything's great. On the other are cafe owners, realtors, hotel managers, and retirees who feel the shift every single day. the empty rental properties, the quiet beaches in February, the for sale signs on once coveted condos, the Facebook groups full of Canadians saying, "Where are you going now that you're done with Florida?" Those are the real metrics. This isn't about tourism. This is about relationships that took decades to build and are now dissolving in silence. Canada didn't officially turn its back on Florida. The next few months will determine whether Florida realizes just how much it depended on Canadian snowbirds and whether those snowbirds can be persuaded to return. Comment below if you've noticed changes where you live. Are the Canadian plates disappearing from your streets? Are the breakfast spots quieter this winter? And if you're watching from Canada, be honest. Are you still booking Florida this season? or have you moved on to Mexico, Portugal, or somewhere cheaper and friendlier? Because Florida is about to learn the hard way what happens when loyalty is taken for granted. But there's one part of this story I haven't revealed yet. Why did Florida make it so difficult for the very people who kept its economy afloat for decades? How did a state built on hospitality turn confrontational and restrictive overnight? The truth is deeper and more calculated than you think. In fact, I uncover exactly how that shift happened in the video appearing on your screen right now. Watch it to see how policy decisions, not hurricanes or inflation, triggered this collapse. Thanks for watching and I'll see you in the next

  Top Comments:
  1. @2l84t: Spanky's 51st state BS plus insults from Ron ' Wuss in Boots' DeSantis guaranteed a decline. Given Florida's economy is barely above water....

- Where have all the snowbirds gone?: Kind: captions Language: en beautiful beaches and balmy temperatures year-round make cocoa beach florida a popular destination for snow birds hundreds of thousands of elderly people come to florida each year to escape the cold winter further north but the struggling u.s economy has hit that annual migration it's tough right now lisa durgan is a cocoa beach real estate agent she says some realtors have only managed to rent about half their properties this winter when usually a hundred percent are full i think it's just the overall economy i think people especially when you're older when you're retired you just hold on or you want to stay closer to home and and when your finances look a little bit different you're afraid to spend money we're just up by the clubhouse many snowbirds like bob slack from ontario canada spend their winters playing golf in florida slack came down again this year despite his concerns about the canadian economy they're talking about the first quarter of 09 being a difficult time slag has cut back the amount of money he spends while in florida he eats out less and plays fewer rounds of golf he says many of his fellow snowbirds are also trying to save cash amid the economic downturn their concern is that they can't come for as long as what they have before right now they're staying at home in order to watch their their pocketbook analysts say some snowbirds have lost retirement funds in the u.s financial crisis and are looking for ways to economize they're choosing less expensive destinations than florida they tend to stay home or go to the caribbean or to latin america for example argentina the local currencies tied to the dollar so it's a great bargain for americans florida government figures confirm less people are coming to the state total visitors declined 3.2 percent in the third quarter of 2008 compared to the same period a year ago

- 'I'm a criminal': Snowbird on returning to Canada under new measures: Kind: captions Language: en i've had four covet tests in eight days i have the paperwork none of them are ever good till they do the last one here all i've done is pay and pay and pay and yes i heard him say that there would be consequences for what going to the states the people that drive across get a cova test and just freaking go home i'm a criminal [Music] i have nothing else to say it's been awful the airports were awful the testings were awful it was money money money

  Top Comments:
  1. @skeletonwomxn [9 likes]: What an entitled Karen.
  2. @garydrew3627 [7 likes]: Cry baby stay the hell home like they told you too
  3. @madisonoakley7682 [7 likes]: Now THIS is hilarious!!! 🤣 I needed that laugh today!!
  4. @andrewmurphy9423 [3 likes]: privileged Karen!
  5. @eagleize9angas [3 likes]: Snow birds. It was Your choice to leave the nest with ample reminder not to go overseas. Don't be a coward and feel entitled, face the consequences  of your actions
  6. @CaptArgo24 [3 likes]: WELL DUH

WHY IS THIS NEWS
  7. @jionnigreco1969 [2 likes]: If u can afford to travel then u can afford the expenses when u return
  8. @daveyboy2497 [2 likes]: She knew to come back earlier
  9. @bradtaylor7265 [2 likes]: ‘I should be allowed to endanger others anytime I want!’
  10. @nerdnec [2 likes]: The government has lost their brain 






Oh I forgot, they never had one.
  11. @muguettelaflamme584 [1 likes]: I'm sorry;  you made a choice to travel when you should have stayed home.  Your only sacrifice was  "money, money, money".  What about saving lives?
  12. @capitainebonhomme1609 [1 likes]: Not wearing a mask?
  13. @andrewmurphy9423 [1 likes]: Same argument from every drunk driver!
  14. @andrewmurphy9423 [1 likes]: Boo hoo....follow the rules like everyone else!  Just because you disagree with a law doesn’t mean it doesn’t apply to you
  15. @lorikemaldean2925 [1 likes]: "Money, money, money." I'll not listen to that ABBA song the same way again 🤣.  Not so funny, contrary to what it says in the song haha
  16. @gregfaubert4260: Stay home stupid! Just like you were told in the beginning
  17. @James-ke5sx: This is the future from now on for everyone.
  18. @Rock_Girl_Daze: She’s right, it’s another boondoggle. 💰
  19. @andrewmurphy9423: Silly laws that are meant to help society as a whole...why do they have to be so mean and costly?
  20. @jamiereid3550: Everyone who doesn’t comply to lockdown is a criminal. We have to be stricter on lockdowns.

- Florida's "Snowbirds" - No Shows: Kind: captions Language: en beautiful beaches and bmy temperatures year round make Cocoa Beach Florida a destination for snowbirds hundreds of thousands of elderly people come to Florida each year to escape the cold winter further north but the struggling US economy has slowed that annual migration it's tough right now Lisa durgen is a Cocoa Beach real estate agent it's just the overall economy I think people especially when you're older and you're retired you just hold on or you want to stay close cl to home and and when your finances look a little bit different you're afraid to spend money durgen says some Realtors have only managed to rent about half their properties this winter when usually 100% a fall a Pam from the University of Central Florida's Rosen School of hospitality says some snowbirds have lost retirement funds in the US financial crisis and are looking for ways to save money they're choosing less expensive destinations than Florida they tend to stay home or go to the Caribbean or to uh Latin America for example Argentina uh the local currencies died to the dollar so it's a great wagon for Americans bam says it's not just Americans who are changing their plans he says the global economic crisis and recent strengthening of the US dollar have made Florida more expensive for snowbirds from other countries we're uh just up by the clubhouse Bob slack a snowbird from Ontario Canada Spends His Winters playing golf in Florida he came down this year despite his concerns about the Canadian economy they're talking about this quarter and the first quarter of 09 being a difficult time slack represents the Canadian snowbirds Association which says 2.7 million Canadians came to Florida last winter together they spent nearly $3 billion in Florida in 2007 up more than 18% from 20 6 according to statistics Canada while slack hopes Canadians will flock to Florida's warm weather in similar numbers this winter he acknowledges many of the snowbirds in his community are worried their concern is that they can't come for as long as what they have before right now they're staying at home in order to uh watch their uh their pocketbook the latest Florida government figures confirm this trend to total visitors to the state declined 3.2% in the third quarter of 2008 compared to the same period a year ago Steve Mort for vaa news Coco Beach Florida

  Top Comments:
  1. @kyleexplo514: Now 2025 is back the crisis 
But it trump fault
  2. @chasekratzer: The realtor sounds like she is from New York.
  3. @emperorcharlemagne369: I wish we could get a few more years of no snowbirds. That would be beautiful.