- Seasons: Meet the Residents: Kind: captions Language: en i was getting to the point where i was tired of worrying about home maintenance replacing sump pumps shoveling snow cutting grass so on so i started looking at facilities here in springfield on a trip where we came back visit our daughter who lives here in springfield i knew a little bit about seasons i'd seen an ad in the paper and i said why don't we go over there and see what they're all about i looked at seasons when they had the grand opening i loved the place i decided i was having too much trouble with my house and this was the perfect place i knew all along here's where i was going mom had been looking for some place to go because she had her house you know and she was kind of getting tired of taking care of the house and everything and she calls us and she says i think i have found some place to look at my wife and i lived in our house for 40 years we just thought you know we're never going to make a move unless we really get started we had a basement full of stuff had to clear out our parents houses and we said we don't want to do that to our son and one of my wife's friends said she knew someone that would live this place called seasons i've lived at seasons for seven years now and when i came to seasons i knew it was just the place i was looking for everyone in the zombie family our manager roof the rest of the staff here they just go out of their way to make sure we're comfortable and really foster that feeling of family and community here it's a wonderful place to be you meet new friends it has a nice apartment you can have your privacy when you want it but you have friends here when you need what really hit us right away and continues to this day is how close we are to everything we have to be the staff but seasons they make everything so easy one of the things very quickly that we realized was the importance of the zombie family and ruth they really became an addition to our family we felt like they were here to help us the staff here really makes them feel like they live at home the fact that it's a senior independent living center is great friends that she's made there you know and the connections that she's made good people [Music] you

- The Seasons Renovations | Senior Lifestyle: Kind: captions Language: en seasons retirement communities newly renovated assisted living provides the same level of care you've come to expect with the seasons name with a brand new look whether you're interested in three meals a day prepared by our executive chef fantastic activities and amenity spaces or just the opportunity to meet new people while feeling secure in the knowledge that you will receive excellent five-star care here at the community seasons has something for everyone we look forward to working with you and your family and answering any questions about your specific journey and needs thank you so much for considering seasons [Music]

- The new risk for residents of senior living communities: Kind: captions Language: en OWNER PRICED THEM RIGHT OUT OF THEIR OWN HOMES. HERE'S MAGGIE VESPA. >> YOU DON'T LIVE HERE ANYMORE. >> THE FIRST TIME I HAVE BEEN BACK. >> Reporter: THEY SAY YOU CAN'T GO HOME AGAIN. FEW KNOW THAT BETTER THAN SUSAN FRENCH. HOW DO YOU FEEL BEING BACK? >> SAD. >> Reporter: A SADNESS DATING BACK TO 2016, WHEN SUSAN TO BE NEAR FAMILY MOVED TO RIVER GLEN OF ST. CHARLES, A SENIOR LIVING COMMUNITY WEST OF CHICAGO. NEIGHBOR MARTY BRAY AND HER HUSBAND CHOSE RIVER GLEN, THEN OWNED BY NORTHWESTERN MEDICINE BECAUSE OF PROMISED ASSISTED LIVING AND NURSING HOME OPTIONS. BOTH WOMEN BOUGHT IN. SUSAN PUTTING DOWN AN ENTRY FEE OF $242,000. MARTY, $314,000. PLUS MONTHLY MAINTENANCE FEES. THEY SAY THE CONTRACTS WERE CLEAR, NEITHER WOULD OWN THEIR HOME, BUT THEY SAY THEY WERE PROMISED 85% OF THE CURRENT ENTRY FEE AT WHATEVER POINT THEY CHOSE TO MOVE OUT. THAT DIDN'T HAPPEN. HOW MANY OF YOU PLANNED ON LIVING THE REST OF YOUR LIVES IN RIVER GLEN? ALL OF YOU. MEET THE GLEN GIRLS. HOW MANY OF YOU LOST MONEY LEAVING RIVER GLEN? FIVE FORMER AND TWO CURRENT RESIDENTS WE SPOKE WITH WHO IN THE SUMMER OF 2023 LEARNED RIVER GLEN HAD BEEN SOLD TO IOWA BASED PRIVATE EQUITY FIRM JAYBIRD CAPITAL AND CHICAGO BASED REAL ESTATE INVESTOR CITRINE INVESTING GROUP. THE WOMEN SAY THEY LEARNED THEIR MONTHLY MAINTENANCE FEES WERE ABOUT TO SKYROCKET. >> IT WAS TO BE MY FOREVER HOME. >> Reporter: MARTY'S, SHE SAYS, QUADRUPLING TO $6,000. IF THEY WANTED OUT, THEY WOULD NOW GET 75% OF THEIR ORIGINAL ENTRY FEE, A FAR CRY FROM THE ORIGINAL DEAL WHICH PROMISED 85 PEST OF THE UPDATED ENTRY FEE BASED ON THE APPRECIATED VALUE. HOW MUCH MONEY DO YOU ESTIMATE YOU LOST? >> ABOUT $100,000. >> $70,000. >> Reporter: SOME SAY THE STRESS EXACERBATED HEALTH ISSUES. >> I USED TO PLAY GOLF. I USED TO GO BOWLING. I HAVEN'T DONE THAT SINCE. >> Reporter: SOME CONSULTED LAWYERS ONLY TO BE TOLD THE NEW DEAL WAS COMPLETELY LEGAL. THEIR OLD CONTRACTS NULLIFIED BY THE SALE. MULTIPLE LEGAL AND FINANCIAL EXPERTS TELLING NBC NEWS THESE DESTABILIZING EVENTS ARE HAPPENING ACROSS AMERICA. AS PRIVATE EQUITY AND OTHER FINANCIAL FIRMS HUNT FOR PROFITS. LAST YEAR, 78% OF INSTITUTIONAL INVESTORS SURVEYED SAID THEY PLANNED TO INCREASE THEIR HOLDINGS IN SENIOR CARE FACILITIES. NBC NEWS REACHED OUT TO JAYBIRD SENIOR LIVING, AN AFFILIATE OF JAYBIRD CAPITAL, AS WELL AS CITRINE MULTIPLE TIMES. NEITHER PROVIDED COMMENT FOR THIS STORY. JAYBIRD HAS PREVIOUSLY SAID ITS RENTS WERE BASED ON FAIR MARKET RATES FOR PROPERTIES IN THE AREA. >> WHAT THEY DID WAS NOT ILLEGAL. BUT IT WAS MOST DEFINITELY IMMORAL, UNETHICAL, AND CRUEL. >> Reporter: THE GLEN GIRLS NOW URGING OTHERS TO BE VIGILANT WHEN CONSIDERING ARRANGEMENTS AND HOPING LAWMAKERS TAKE STEPS TO PROTECT PEOPLE FROM HAVING THEIR END OF LIFE PLANS SOLD OUT FROM UNDER THEM. >> THEY GOT AWAY WITH IT SO THE LAWS DON'T REALLY PROTECT PEOP

  Top Comments:
  1. @terryheaton31 [1 likes]: Why were new companies not required to honor the contract?
  2. @JRS-iq9pz [1 likes]: That's rediculus. Better to stay in your own home or live with a relative or friend.
  3. @JP-te7kd [1 likes]: Own your single family home and the land with no HOA and no special community.  That's what we are doing.  We just have to pay our low property tax and the insurance.  The 2 is less than $200/month.  Everything else is a scam.
  4. @steveolive9991 [1 likes]: Instead of complaining, why aren't people petitioning their U.S. and state representatives???
  5. @Leela_L: Whatever happened to the elderly living with their kids and grandkids......? Theres a reason its called a family community. Everyone needs the other, kids, grandkids etc.
  6. @austingwatson: fucque private equity theives
  7. @militiaconflicts: Hud case mgrs poluce sextortion trumped up charges retaluation abuse neglect all reno carson and sparks fbia police retaliation medicaid ssa extortion retaluation medicaid non compluance horrorssenior hoysing move in pay deposit kick out ruin lives  associated fbia.gov scams evidenced services also st vincent depaul salv army cat chairities danger
  8. @patriciamillar5496: Hope there’s karma for these monsters
  9. @adammarkowitz7944: Corporate theft.  Will not be prosecuted, as the courts are corporate-owned.
  10. @peppernation9213: Should’ve moved to a cheaper country to retire. Could’ve lived like Kings and Queens for that kind of money
  11. @timbogan9094: Capitalist vultures.
  12. @whodidit99: Why aren't new owners take on liabilities as well as assets?  I don't get it.  When you buy a business, you just can't cancel all contracts.
  13. @kaitiscarlett9022: Just because something is legal does not make it right.
  14. @stop08it: Yeah by the time millennials and Gen Z are this age, there will probably be homeless camps full of elderly people. I will probably have to win the lottery to have enough for a good retirement
  15. @susanwright537: So many evil greedy people wit no scruples whatsoever 😢
  16. @Lancemillerwy: Private equity go figure...
  17. @ClubhouseCrime: If people don’t start demanding regulations on private equity and their business practices, they are going to get blindsided by every aspect of their lives. People need to educate themselves on the grift that is private equity.
  18. @jeanettegriffin2439: What a con! Reverse mortgages is another scam, by our lovely government. You're only as good as your family. A good family will help you stay in your home. And stand by you, when decisions need to be made.
  19. @maryannemelenka9250: Just rent don't buy. In regular apartment too. Those places  depressing until you absolutely have to go. Elderly have enough funds to tide them over. Save so much estate stress. At that age renting you are not losing out you are actually free.
  20. @jeffg4686: SO DISGUSTING... PLEASE, let us end capitalism!!!

- Seasons of Danvers: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Heat. Heat. N. Heat. Heat. Heat. [Laughter]

- Solving Challenges Associated with Seasonal Help: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello i'm jennifer kraxner director of strategic advisory at sexetta i wanted to take some time to talk a bit about seasonal health and the implications this temporary workforce has for identity programs now nearly any time of year can require a temporary increase in workforce for one industry or another the end of the year is obviously busy for retailers not to mention shipment carriers like fedex and ups the bump in consumer shopping habits results in hundreds of thousands of seasonal workers necessary to support that increase and november and december aren't the only times we see an increase in seasonal health consider the fitness diet and weight loss industry right after the new year call centers see a significant increase in volume to handle the influx of customers or tax services from february through april there's back to school time again a busy time for retailers even all of the temporary help that's been necessary for pandemic response from testing centers to vaccination sites to contact tracing there are many instances when organizations must quickly bring on the diverse population of workers to support those busy times and while it's incredibly helpful to have that on-demand help these seasonal workers introduce challenges when it comes to their onboarding their access and their off-boarding now not unlike most third-party relationships the biggest push is to get these folks hired and get them to work that includes many cycles finding the resources gathering their information vetting them and getting them access to what they need to be productive whether that's a point of sale system work orders shipment tracking or any of those other systems this effort is so intense some organizations hire seasonal help just to manage their seasonal health and that's sometimes just to get them onboarded unfortunately the tedium of the onboarding process leads to some significant challenges from an identity access and risk perspective seasonal help is actually quite often forgotten when it comes to off-boarding many managers are so entrenched in their day-to-day work that they fail to take necessary steps to off-board these workers at the right time organizations because of these challenges become exceedingly vulnerable to breach the more unnecessary or inappropriate access that is granted to and that persists for these third-party seasonal workers the broader the attack surface becomes for an organization and remember the majority of breaches can be attributed to this type of access by third parties sex eda addresses many of these challenges we help automate the onboarding process improve identity data flow and perhaps most importantly enforce proactive maintenance of seasonal worker identity data so you can trust it to make good access decisions sexeta also allows organizations to fully vet and track authoritative identity data about these workers sex data also enforces worker status validation self attestation and supports defining and enforcing end dates for seasonal workers hopefully this brief introduction to the challenges seasonal workers present has been insightful for more information about how sexeda can help your organization tackle these challenges reach out to us via the link in the comments or you can reference our seasonal help solution brief linked in the comments as well thanks so much

- Are identity politics dangerous?: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Trump, gay marriage, women on boards, Black Lives Matter. What do they have in common? They've all been used as examples of so called identity politics. It's the idea that groups are calling for special treatment based on race, religion, sex, or other characteristics. And some fear that a politics based on protecting narrow group interest rather than broader political movements can be dangerous. Identity politics emerged because groups that have been historically ignored or harmed demanded their rights be protected. From civil rights or women's rights, to gay rights. The idea was that safeguarding these rights makes society fairer, more tolerant, and more equal. But some now think that these protections have gone too far by focusing so much on their own rights and interests, they threaten the rights of others. If you oppose affirmative action you may be labeled a racist. If you comment on a woman's appearance you might be called a misogynist or a sex pest. The belief that political correctness has gone too far, fueled the rise of Trump, who's campaign was nakedly un-PC. And it isn't just a western phenomenon either, nor is it new. India's ruling party espouses Hindu nationalism, sometimes at the expense of the country's muslim minority. So identity is part of politics everywhere and probably always will be, but there is a way forward and it starts with resisting the temptation to see politics as a zero sum game. If the LGBT community gets more rights or protections, heterosexuals don't automatically get fewer. Supporting women's interests doesn't simultaneously undermine the interests of men. So the question is not whether identity politics should exist, but in what form. Knee jerk actions or quick fixes like quotas aren't the best way to go but there is a role for better information such as improving public data on diversity and companies or universities. The challenge is to make identity politics constructive and inclusive, rather than destructive and divisive. Open, not closed.

  Top Comments:
  1. @The_king567 [2 likes]: The answer is yes it’s dangerous
  2. @StefanStuart1 [1 likes]: I think the issue a lot is that identity politics crates the label of privilege. And if you come from a privileged group, you aren’t allowed to have problems let alone have them looked at
  3. @msfklfl123 [1 likes]: Like other legacy media companies owned by few select wealthy, The Economist is owned by the rich - Agnelli, Rothschild, Schroder, Layton family.  The wealthy elite wants to divide and control the mass with underdogma like 'wokeness', 'identity politics', 'moral constructs' while they quitely amass more wealth.
  4. @samthesuspect [1 likes]: Its more than that though, I lean center left and if I ever enter a liberal political conversation I get told "gross a cis white man, I hear you say your not voting for Trump but I don't believe you, no thx boomer we don't need you telling us how to think" or something along those lines. At what point should I find this offensive? Also I'm in my 30s and I'm a boomer? ouch
  5. @anthonyefarr [1 likes]: Wow! Some serious disinformation right there. This video creates a straw man rather than face up to the actual criticism of identity politics.
If the rights of a group ever outweigh the rights of individuals, then you don't have a liberal society. There was a time when The Economist would have been the first to point that out.
  6. @kcjfilms2946 [1 likes]: Yea
  7. @RyanChand-c5b [1 likes]: Glad to see a lot of commenters noticed they missed the issue
  8. @Bambino2440 [1 likes]: Annoying background music
  9. @Kk-fj5tn: Even the definition of identity politics in this video is nefarious!!!!

“Quotas aren’t the way to go”…EVIDENCE!!!!!!

I haven’t mistrusted a Econimist video as much as this one!!!
  10. @loneranger1791: Well said. And the comments just proved your point. It’s just too easy! 💀😂😂😂😂😂
  11. @Ema2345-h1u: There is this Dutch saying: “ kort maar krachtig “.
  12. @Verkoper-gx2xz: The suggestion to stop seeing politics as 'zero sum' is too easy. When quota are allocated to women for top positions in society, it IS a zero sum game. These positions are extremely competitive and demand huge sacrifises. It, therefore, is unfair to automatically grant positions to women because they were historically 'disadvantaged'. Does one eliminate one form of discrimination by introducing another? Also, it is quite hilarious to observe that the women benfitting from the quota are not the ones who suffered the damages, whereas the men being disadvantaged were not the 'perpetrators'. Identity politics is the consequence of an excessive focus on the individual, so people start to believe that their world views must be accepted by society at large. Call me by my invented pronouns! I feel unsafe! It is out of control and the symptom of societies that have lost their values and purpose.
  13. @pulse833: White identity politics is inevitable
  14. @harshagrawal1000: Hope economist will explain ideology of Radical Wahabism/ salafism one day too …
  15. @johnrossini3594: a plot by global cpitalists to divide the working class
  16. @bulgingbattery2050: Identity politics is part of marxism!
  17. @francois32_ue: women on boards politic , emerged, safeguard right ,  way fward, more right some do no mean fewer right for other , inclusive rather divise
  18. @unmissable: Individuality is more important.
  19. @Bambino2440: 1:40 Wrong. More qualified men are being overlooked in the hiring process because companies and organizations have these new quotas to fill.
  20. @richterdelgan123: But that is an ergonomy problem, not an economic one

- The Australian Identity Debate – A Different Lens: Kind: captions Language: en-GB - How do you have a national identity and be able to call it that when you've got people who are disenfranchised, people who are disillusioned, people who are living in pain. The ‘Aussie battler’ is more than the traditional ‘Aussie battler’ that we once would have spoken about. They were the people who were trying to buy a house and trying to pay their bills and doing those things. The ‘Aussie battler’ today looks pretty different. (upbeat music) - There is no single and fixed national identity for Australia or perhaps for any country but particularly not for Australia. - Well I think there's actually a disconnect between who we really are now today and who we might have imagined ourselves to be or who our parents might have imagined themselves to be part of in the past. - The famous refrain of the song ‘I am, You are, We are Australian’ that's all about identity, isn't it? - I think the most important factor in working or reworking, depending on the way you look at Australia's identity, is working towards some sort of semblance of truth. Because our history is a significant lie. - Our national identity, such as it is, is an unfurling and becoming type of identity. It's shaped by what has come before, how that's been incorporated. It's shaped by the profile of who makes us up now compared to what it was then and it's also made up of the sort of decisions we make. - That idea of identity which has been very helpful to us in lots of ways because, among other things, it helps us to accommodate the idea that we can come from diverse origins and can find a sense of ourselves in the eyes of others. At the turn of the century the Australian flag was very important to people but it was something that you put on a flag pole and you saluted. Now, increasingly if you've noticed, the flag is something that you wear, you put on a t-shirt and so it becomes part of you. And it can, of course have an ugly side. If I'm wearing the flag I can be gesturing towards other people who we think are not as Australian as we are. (crowd chants) The average Australian these days is a person of the city and the suburbs. There was a time, I think, in the post-war period when the suburbs, too, were a place for pioneers. We built our own houses. That's less and less true. I think that the ‘Australian battler’ now is likely to be somebody who's working in tech so the connection between the virtues we celebrate and the way we actually live I think it's become much more tenuous. - So this notion of ‘Aussie battler’, who's an ‘Aussie battler’? The new Aussies, the new people who are welcomed into Australia and given their citizenship every year, they're an ‘Aussie battler’. If we're gonna use that term we're all ‘Aussie battlers’. Some of us are battling pretty tough over some issues and the notion of ‘Aussie battler’ as I remember it growing up was we help each other out. But maybe we're not that anymore. Maybe we've lost some of that notion. Alongside the notion of the ‘Aussie battler’ came the notion of mateship and helping, I think and that's something where I think we're struggling. - National identity or national character, it's a really problematic thing. There's a wonderful historian, Tim Rowse, who once described national characters as being like in Australia as being like an empty box. And in different ages, different politicians or activists have put different things into that box depending on their ideologies and their politics and their purposes. And so it's deeply problematic because almost anything can end up in that box and can then be used to make almost any political argument. From the Indigenous Australians arriving here 60,000 plus years ago to Europeans coming here 200 years plus and then all the waves of migrants since, we're a fusion nation so talking about a single national identity or national character just doesn't work 'cause we're this wonderful complex rich amalgam. - Each of those groups of migrants brought very different cultural impact into Australia and added to the combined culture and the combined identity of who we've made up today. - There's this wonderful contradiction in Australia that we present ourselves as this welcoming tolerant generous society and, yet, historically we have always been very deeply resistant to the other and to others coming to our shores who don't look like what we'd perceive us to be. - I do admit that Australia has done a great amount of work to welcome newcomers but every now and then, regardless of how welcome you feel, you're reminded that you're different, no matter how much you've contributed, no matter how much you have sacrificed that you are the other. You are different. You can never be Australian. - We don't need legal documents to tell us who we are as a nation. (gentle music) The Australian Constitution sets up the framework of government, doesn't embody statements of national values or statements of national identity. It's the legal document designed to govern the framework of how government and state institutions operate in Australia and no more. We do have this sense of what it is to be Australian. We do have this sense that we are all Australian. What it is that makes us think that we are all Australian is a really complex issue and perhaps it doesn't necessarily need to be fully articulated. Perhaps the idea that we do view each other as being fellow Australians is sufficient. - I think there's something about our history as this sort of European enclave in the Asia Pacific from the late 18th century and how we, then, have to manage that tension, both in terms of our original Indigenous inhabitants but also in terms of who wants to come here. - When we look at the symbols that people celebrate today, like a celebrated type of nationhood like Australia Day that's another imagined falsehood. So on this so-called Australia Day on the 26th of January, we are celebrating the occupation of our territories around Australia, our collective territories, which is an insult and that's why that date does need to change. - Are we really that invested in the date itself? Can we not pick a different day as a day of celebration for who we are as a country, all of us, utilise the day, January 26th, to acknowledge the struggle. Acknowledge that not everybody's come along on that same journey of achievement and that it's come at a cost. We can move forward together but where we kind of are at the moment is just sort of treading water in a place of pain and we need our country, our leaders of the country, our government, our politicians to actually take us on a journey that takes us through this into a place of healing. - Well I think it's important what children are taught because it reflects this desire about who we want to be. We can see a shift in curriculum towards Asia, towards Indigenous perspectives and so on which suggests that we're starting to recognise the different place in the world for ourselves. Clearly there are sections of our society who want to claim still Australia for white people and we'd call them neo-fascists or something. So there's an ideology there that remains that what it means to be Australia is to be white. - Lots of people say to me why don't aboriginal people just get over these things? Why doesn't non-Indigenous Australia just get over it and actually start to do the thing that they can do which is acknowledge us and help us all move on together? - I think it's quite important to have something that we all celebrate together. We've got to have something that everybody can put everything else aside and say today we're gonna do it together. I think the shish kebab is becoming as much a part of the Australian fabric as a barbecue on a VB. - My chidren's children will look back on some of those debates and say what were you so worried about? What was all the angst over? Why were you so worried about some of these issues? We sorted it out 30 years ago or 40 years ago and it just seems like it's part of the natural composition of Australia now. So we're gonna look back on some of the debates that we're having now and just think that they're incredibly either shallow or foolish or misaligned or misunderstanding what people are asking for. One day we will advance Australia fair (chuckles). We're not quite there yet. - That's why the Australian identity is such a moving thing and it should be the product of us being willing to start anew and being willing to think about the new decisions we should make and the way we can shape ourselves. If you spend too long thinking that this is who we were and we should be that always then you are crushing the human spirit frankly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nuggetnelson2865 [24 likes]: Australia needs to keep its identity that's what our ancestors would want cause they did built this country and created our culture 🇭🇲
  2. @aliceliu4548 [7 likes]: as a chinese immigrant to Australia， I am unable to find my identity. I'm either Chinese, or Australian. And the multiculture society ideology just put me into that Chinese culture box, which I'm not represent it
  3. @petefluffy7420 [1 likes]: Is identity dependent on being franchised ? Could you please explain how becoming disenfranchised changes one's identity ?

This contains a lot of statements but no reasoning. I cannot say "I am the greatest" and have it accepted if it has no reasoning.
  4. @abco5-b7x [1 likes]: We need to take our country back. Immigrants are slowly completely getting rid of what makes Australian culture Australian. In 100 years from now if nothing changes then Australia will be completely Asian, culturally and racially. Australia was built up by white Europeans for Europeans and culturally Australia must be similar to Britain and America.
  5. @felixleguilly [1 likes]: i hate school
  6. @NicetoSeeYou-q3g: Monash ,.... You Are Disgusting !!!...... .... Total Propaganda !!!   you people are traitors ...    ..... .....
  7. @margaretcampbell2681: My identity in the eyes of others is to be a hated person in Australia
  8. @margaretcampbell2681: But migrants reject Australians, they don’t want to integrate
  9. @pareshprajapati3282: Stop migration others Australia n gonna lose identity
  10. @Deanima0: Very disappointing, Intellectuals with lofty titles pedaling double speak always with a handout for more government dollars to fix fabricated issues like the closing the GAP initiatives where its always the taxpayer that needs to close the GAP for the Aboriginals and never a thought given to the individual reasonability to also close the GAP.  All you are sowing with this presentation is division
  11. @aggressivecalm: No genuine debate has really ever taken place concerning Australia Day, ever. Oh sure there’s been a great deal of politicking, activism, advocacy, championing, and virtue signalling heavy crusading, but no debate. 

And altogether throughout Australia’s media, predominantly our national debate has been the ongoing postmodern Ruling Classes, pushing its own interpretation, contrivance of Australian history. It's a colossal injustice and a gross display of ingratitude to the millions of early Australians (including aboriginals) who toiled, suffered and literally died in order to build this nation into a modern, successful country.
  12. @BenDover-nf4lz: They watered our culture down and continue to do so. They want to delete white culture then they want us to accept what's done is done and forget about it. I will never forget and I will always remember our betrayal.
  13. @findacureforwokness8127: We had an national identity and now now we are being replaced and sold out.
  14. @chrissanto2613: Australia civil war coming
  15. @chrissanto2613: Africans raping gangs braking into houses send Africans back
  16. @chrissanto2613: A disaster bringing African refugees to Australia crime rapes prisons full this madness will end in a civil war Australians NEVER voted to bring the .3rd world’s problem here
  17. @chrissanto2613: The reason they turn of comments muticultural Australia has failed African gangs raping African gangs stabbing and bashing people can’t open there windows Middle East crime gangs stop lying to the people multicultural Australia has failed and white Australia will have to clean up the mess Australian civil war is coming
  18. @echelon2k8: We were never asked.
  19. @findacureforwokness8127: Multiculturalism was never popular and it's prevalence today is a testament that white people have been betrayed and sold out  by our leaders, Multiculturalism would have never got of the ground in a true democracy.
  20. @byzantinehoney3384: Australia would be mudhuts if it wasn’t for the white man. There is not Australia with out Anglos

- Addiction and Identity | Ed Latimore | TEDxLakeTravisHigh: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi my name is ed and i'm an alcoholic that went way better than i even rehearsed it i've been sober since december 23rd 2013. now that's not the first time i realized i was an alcoholic nor was the first time i tried something about it i started drinking when i was 17. my first crack at sobriety lasted almost four years from the age of 19 to three i tried again at 24. this time i made a dramatic show dumping out all the booze that i had in my backpack that i had dash in the cabinet in my drawers in the trunk of my car just in case of emergency cause no one follows the boy scout model of always be prepared quite like an alcoholic over the next four years i'd be sober for about 30 days or so then wipe it out in a weekend of ben's drinking now it turns out this on again off again all or nothing pattern is not uncommon in people struggling with addiction fact according to the national recovery survey people who acquire five or more years of sobriety needed an average of five attempt where they were able to kick have good seems like relapse is my recovery but what i found most interesting about these numbers is that they're taken from a group of people who wanted to quit so badly they were willing to keep trying even after the fifth belt attempt in many cases even after the 10th my last temporary stimulus sobriety lasted from june 4th 2013 to december 22nd 2013. let me tell you something about the night of december 22nd it is one i will never forget if i could ever fully remember according to witness accounts went out thought a drinking got drunk picked a bunch of people off got thrown out of a bar and wound up at a friend's house with no recollection of how i got the only thing i knew was that i drove i got up the next day went 120a meeting got back on the wagon i've been a happy rider ever since what was different about that time that allowed me to stay sober and how can we use it to help other people not only get sober and stay sober but keep them from getting addicted in the first place to things like drug food food pornography even pokemon i threw that and there was a bit of comic relief and then i started researching it turns out the pokemon is quite the addiction remember when i told you that my first day of sobriety was not the first time i realized i was in alcohol that moment was sometime during the summer of 2011. i was living in los angeles as part of the all-american heavyweight program this is a program that took top level amateur heavyweight boxers and trained them with the hopes of sending one to the olympic it was a dream come true they paid for my apartment they paid for my utilities they paid for food they even gave me a 4 000 per month stipe all i had to do was train in one fight it was also my dream too not just any fighter but there was one problem i was incredibly lonely i didn't know anyone in the city my driver's license was suspended so i couldn't meet anyone new and trying to build a social life in a city like los angeles without the ability to drive exercise and fertility i was really depressed missed all the good times i had back home drinking my friend so i had a crazy idea one day actually more like a compulsion that i was fully aware of but powerless stuff what if right now i start drinking by myself to recreate some of those good feelings that i got back home with my friend now i'm sure this wasn't the first time that i drank the intention of altering my mood but it was the first time i was well aware of it that moment i knew i was an alcoholic but i didn't care because it worked here's a thing you have to understand about any addiction they're all fundamentally driven by the dopamine reward dopamine is a neurotransmitter in our brains it's responsible for a number of things in our bodies but the function we're most interested in is a role in happiness and motivation works a little like this whenever you are anticipating a reward your brain releases dopamine whenever you attain that reward your brain releases even more dope this is a way to motivate you to do more of whatever caused the initial surge of dopamine and get more of it by drinking more you set off the chain reaction in your brain that requires it to shut off its dopamine receptor this means that you have to drink even and more feel connected but you still feel lonely and that drives you to drink even more so this vicious cycle continues this cycle is one of the reasons why it's so hard to stay soaked and it reminds me of elan from johann hari's epic ted talk about the opioid christ in that talk he says the opposite of connection addiction the dopamine reward centers are so wrecked by drugs and alcohol that it becomes impossible to feel connected this problem is especially crippling if the majority of your social activities revolve around drinking because when you give up the drinking you tend to get social activity which leaves an even bigger connection hole to be filled which makes it more likely to feel really so after more than 10 years of way more than the average of five attempts to stop how did i get this thing under control good i joined the army like any sensible person would actually i joined the army to escape the mess that my life had become largely as a result of so much strength just so happens that during your training for the army you're not allowed to drink so from june of 2013 to august of 2013 i did 10 very sober weeks of basic training then from august to december 2013 i did 16 more very sober weeks of advanced individual training or ait i always tell people that basic training is like prison about violence and ait is like college without the booth so for 26 weeks i had sobriety forced upon but it was different this time not just because i was physically unable to drink though that helped but because i was meeting new people gaining new skills and building a new identity without alcohol in the background it was the first time in my adult life that i was able to define myself positively and independently of food now we know how important identity is in resisting and recovering from any addiction dr hannah pickard a professor of philosophy and bioethics posits a thought exercise we're going to run through it quickly it'll only take a second i want you to imagine that you're an addict you've never been one or difficult i'll help take your worst junk food craving and 10x that creep you now crave this snack so much that you're willing to still sell your possessions and take ridiculously dangerous risks just to get some more of it and all your friends the people you spend the most time around they're also consumers of snack well they may not be outright addicts they certainly don't criticize your consumption now if that was difficult for you you have to realize something it turns out the opposite is true it's very hard for an addict to imagine not being an addict dr picker sums this up in tragic clarity you can't see yourself on the other side of the road from addiction to recovery and a drug free life represents existential prices or if you're not a drug addict then what are you after that last time i fell off the wagon i immediately filled my life with activities that not only kept me away from my old environment but allowed me to continue building this new identity and making new connections with people who didn't know me as a heavy drink or if they did they wanted to see me change now i'm not saying that if someone has an addiction that the only reason for it is because they're lonely or they don't know who they are but given everything that we've learned from neurology neurological studies epidemiological research and anecdotal accounts then we know these play a significant role and i'm not saying that the best way to deal with an addiction is to join the army that just so happened to be my path to discovering how important identity was making big changes in your life so you or someone you know is struggling with just remember that it's not just because you're lonely and it's not just because they don't know who they are those are really good place to start directing your energy when it comes to solving this problem by doing so you may not just change a life but also save one as well thanks [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @MandarinTabby [33 likes]: Had 14 years of sobriety, fell off for 2 days when my husband passed away. Have 8 months now. Glad im back. Recovery is amazing.
  2. @kaybeesays [23 likes]: I'm upset that the sound on this talk is so bad. 😞
  3. @Emilio_Perdomo [14 likes]: Ed Latimore has an excellent viewpoint of addiction.
And he has been through it.
Finding and developing your identity is key.
  4. @Emilio_Perdomo [6 likes]: Technology, Entertainment & Design.
Yet the sound is terrible.
It's as if they gave him an audition, then realized that they should've been recording in HQ.
  5. @user-ds8eu9lc2q [3 likes]: Wow I wish the audio quality was better
  6. @BulletProofSoul100 [2 likes]: The sound isn't clear
  7. @TheOriginalMrBadaBing [2 likes]: The intermittent microphone is very distracting and disruptive. Very hard to listen to. Honestly I expect better, a higher standard from TedX
  8. @Fooddiary36 [2 likes]: He’s incredible 🪷🪷🪷
  9. @khenry5729 [2 likes]: Helpful for any kind of addiction. Thanks for sharing
  10. @KingRyanBennett [1 likes]: I needed this!!!! Thank you!!!!
  11. @jasonbachelor604 [1 likes]: Sober people are boring and tragic
  12. @LauralynThrockmorton-i9c: 09/09/2015 ❤❤❤
  13. @drjtk76: Excellent video but I’m sorry I had to leave early. The poor audio was too distracting 😢
  14. @patriley1026: Alcohol use disorder.
  15. @michaelhoesly619: @edlatimore1
  16. @TheEmpowermentAlchemist: gaming addiction is a BEAR too! Addiction.....is a bear. Transmutation of that need is so important.
  17. @user-yc2ej2lg3f: Laurel Skyway
  18. @Fooddiary36: Ed is incredible this video is very informative. Sending so much love ❤️
  19. @TheSoulStoic2026: Thank Ed. Great information on addiction. Identity is important in making changes in your life. Thank you 🙏🏿
  20. @monetarymusashi5732: ❤❤❤❤❤❤

- What Is The Economic Impact Of Seasonal Tourism? - Moments That Changed Everything: Kind: captions Language: en What is the economic impact of seasonal tourism? Have you ever wondered how seasonal tourism affects local economies? The economic impact is quite fascinating and varies from place to place. Seasonal tourism creates bursts of activity in certain areas, especially during peak seasons, which can lead to both benefits and challenges for local communities. During peak times, such as summer or winter holidays, many regions see an influx of visitors. This surge often coincides with pleasant weather or special cultural events. For instance, in New England, summer tourism generates billions of dollars as millions flock to coastal towns, national parks, and local festivals. This influx supports various sectors like hotels, restaurants, and outdoor activities, all of which experience a spike in demand. In Maine, summer visitors alone contribute billions to the economy and support over 130,000 jobs across the state. However, not all businesses benefit equally. Hotels and motel typically face the largest swings in revenue with stark differences between busy and slow seasons. Restaurants, retail shops, and rental services also feel the impact of seasonal changes. On the other hand, some sectors like utilities may not experience the same level of fluctuation as their demand remains relatively stable. Seasonal tourism also plays a significant role in job creation. Many positions in hospitality and service industries arise during peak seasons. However, these jobs are often temporary or part-time, which can lead to income instability for workers. Businesses may struggle to find flexible staffing solutions to meet fluctuating demand. Beyond immediate spending, seasonal tourism brings indirect economic benefits. It encourages investment in infrastructure, real estate, and community services, which can enhance local amenities and raise property values. This growth can also lead to the development of supporting industries such as agriculture and crafts, broadening the economic base of tourist destinations. Historically, the rise of seasonal tourism has transformed how communities function economically and socially. It has influenced everyday life by creating rhythms tied to tourist flows. This shift affects employment patterns, urban development, and cultural exchanges. Seasonal tourism has also shaped social norms around leisure and work, making certain times of the year vital for economic survival. In summary, seasonal tourism has a multifaceted economic impact. It generates significant revenue during peak periods, supports various businesses and jobs, drives investment, and presents challenges related to economic fluctuations and workforce stability. Understanding these dynamics is essential for managing tourism sustainably and maximizing benefits for local communities.

- Maximizing Finance for Development: Kind: captions Language: en okay work with me here ending extreme poverty worldwide we'll take some four trillion dollars a year development aid is only 330 million another one trillion comes from remittances philanthropy and some other sources so we're short about three trillion a year short seems like a really big problem developing countries are a twelve trillion dollar market opportunity opportunities in everything actually a challenge just found your opportunity so besides investors who would it help these people to live a healthy life this man in getting a good income or give this woman a chance to create something incredible and everyone else in developing and developed countries alike it's not just about getting private sector money into development it's a process about when to use it when to use public money insurance guarantees or some combination that best fits not to replace development aid but complement it the World Bank Group and other Development Bank's have the expertise to help private tap into developing markets not just to invest in infrastructure projects but in people [Music] we call it maximising finance for development a little wonky we know and while developing countries are doing their part it's just not going to be enough that's why we need to rethink financing development so this little one has a healthy life and this woman can disrupt an industry with her product idea and this youth her big idea can change the world in the end we get strong markets and strong communities and all of us get a world of opportunities to learn more check us out online you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sunilnarayanan9542: Kindly inform about finance courses offered by WB?
  2. @EastAtLeast: I can't help but think this will stifle social change in third world countries and most likely benefit dictators. 

The people themselves should learn to be democratic and capitalist and they will get themselves out of poverty through their own merits much like the West has. 

It's just the Iraq war over again except we naively think that if we throw enough money at it, it will make things better despite the fact that to have a powerful economy you need the populace to be meritocratic and hard working. The West maintains its position because of those values.
  3. @ZombieCorp999: Invest all the private sector or your own personal money you want but public money should NOT be used on foreign development, it should go to helping its own people. The western world has it's own massive problems, it does not need to be the savoir of the rest of the world. Maybe just move to Sweden or ask them for money, I hear they are a humanitarian super power or better yet your the world bank, take your money and go save the world.
  4. @josegg9959: anyone else see that the numbers don't match the voice at the start? Or am I crazy?
  5. @mnzavachris5423: '"invest in people an not in infrastructure projects'" well said

- Rent vs. Buy: The Eternal Debate: Kind: captions Language: en The white picket fence. Space for entertaining. Acres of land to call your own. These were characteristics of the American dream home. But is it still a dream worth chasing? Should you buy a home or rent? We're here at the White House at 6 Woods Lane in Easthampton Long Island. You could own this place for the list price of $12.5 million. With a 30-year fixed rate mortgage 3.991% interest, you'd pay nearly $47000 a month, and that's not including closing costs, home ownership insurance, or property taxes. Now, this kind of place might be a little pricey for you, but the same principles apply at much lower levels when you're considering whether to rent or buy a home. Now, before I break something in here, let's get back to the studio. To buy or not to buy? That is the question. We polled our YouTube audience, and they had a lot to say. One person said owning a house should not be thought of as an investment. More like something between an asset and a liability. Someone else shared a pretty common sentiment these days that student loans would prevent them from ever buying a home. Another said abolish private property altogether. But, okay. A majority of you think ownership is the way to go, and who can blame them? People think of buying a home as part of the American dream. The driver of middle class wealth. A sound investment vehicle. Renting a place is less romantic. Throwing money away every month on a place to rest your head and keep your stuff, but that calculus is changing. To help us run down the reasons why you may want to rent and not buy, I spoke to financial planner Roger Ma. Let's talk about renting versus buying. Sure. So, can you tell me why renting is not throwing your money away? Well, I think the flip side is why is buying not wasting money? And I think that's a myth that when you buy, a lot of your money is building equity, but that's just not the case. Your monthly payment, and the upfront, and the backend cost of buying are wasted money as well. You've got mortgage interest, homeowners insurance, property taxes, potentially homeowners association fees. Not to mention the huge closing cost on the front end and the back end. If you don't plan to stay in the same area for at least five years, it probably makes more sense to rent, and that's because of those large closing costs. You need to give your home a sufficient amount of time to potentially increase in value. I feel like the generation now growing is maybe more likely to be on the move. Definitely. Between the ages of 22 and 40, the average person changes jobs every one to two years, so they're changing a fair amount. So, I think having the flexibility to change jobs could be reasons to rent instead of buy. And that's okay. There's no shame in renting, and if you look around the United States, depending on where you live, it might actually be more affordable. ATTOM Data Solutions publishes a yearly affordability index of buying verse renting, and in most places, 59% to be exact, real estate prices are outpacing rentals. In fact, in all 18 of the most populous counties in America, it's more affordable to rent than buy. Lets be real. For a lot of people, the choice of renting verse buying may not even be yours, especially if you're young. I talked to Bloomberg reporter Patrick Clark about the unique problems facing potential home buyers. Let's talk about the unique hindrances that maybe new home buyers might face. There's not enough homes they can afford. Right? That would be a big problem. At the very most basic, there's an affordability gap. A decade after the foreclosure crisis, we're still building homes. Not just of where they were at the peak bubble madness, but still below the number of new homes that we were adding in the mid '90s. The construction that is happening has skewed towards the high end. That is sort of pressured on the other side by maybe age, people growing older and maybe not moving out of their homes. There's two different ways you can get listings, right? You could build new homes or you can have homes that were already occupied hit the market. There's some question of whether people want to stay in their own homes and "age in place". Older people staying in their homes longer is an issue, so there's some gridlock in the housing market. This generation is now saddled with more burdens than previously was the case. Like way more. There's more than $1.5 trillion of student loan debt outstanding. Yikes. The deck is certainly stacked against this generation. But that long standing elusive goal of home ownership seems so tempting. All in all, I'd have to put it this way: If you have your heart set on home ownership, nobody's going to stand in your way. But you probably don't need to sweat it too much either if you don't. That was probably expensive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @business [37 likes]: Rent vs. Buy: what's YOUR take?
  2. @Zickafoose2024 [2 likes]: "This video was paid for by our sponsor Blackstone"
  3. @mrSz93 [2 likes]: was expecting to see some math in this video..
  4. @Bluh [1 likes]: Remake this video but make it 20-30 min
  5. @manp1039 [1 likes]: some important things to consider if you are deciding whether to rent or buy. Downsides of renting are the owner can decide at their will to stop renting to you with a 30 day notice (that is if they are following the law). And in some cases a landlord does not follow the law and will do illegal acts like claim they provided you a 30 day notice.. Or they can shut off services that you are contractually provided with your rent. Also, there is expenses in moving all your belongings if you are evicted (costs of moving objects, cost of lost or stolen, damaged objects in process of moving. cost in terms of time and lost opportunity while having to deal with moving. Also an owner can decided to raise your rent, to above market rate to get you to leave. This can be done as form of discrimination or harrassment to a tenant. They could also poorly maintin plumbing. They could also enter your home at thier will when ever they want. And if you are not availble to be present to supervise, it is too bad, they have legal right to come in when ever they want. And also you have no say on who can come in to your home. They could have convicted felons come in. They could steal things you have or steal information from inside your home when you are not present. I personally know of landlords who literally said they would triple a tenants rent, because the tenant complained about maintenance issues that needed to be adressed.). If you own the home, yes you are obligated to pay for all expenses of maintenance and part of that is insurance,. But insurance can protect your persoanal belongings too in case of fire or flood or robbery etc. It can also provide liability insurance. As a renter, you would have to pay extra, on top of rent, to have even a basic level of insurance. But you also have say on who can or can not enter your home and when. And if you want to, you can rent out your home or rent out a room etc to supplement income. All of this means you have to be a much more sophisticated manager of your money. And as some people pointed out.. in some cases the cost of new home ownership is very hight. And hopefully in those places there are programs to help first time home buyers buy a home in which they can afford. And for people who buy with the hope that the home price will go up and are relying on that to be able to sell.. sometimes the home prices are depressed for several years, and that may mean they either are not going up or the price has gone down since you bought the home. And if you are not able to still pay the mortgage, and unable to sell for what you paide for home and the sales costs, you may be stuck and could end up having to a forclosure of your home. and possible loss of any downpayments you made. On the other hand, there are some tax advantages, potentially, for buying a home with a mortgage, and getting reduction in overall income tax costs each year, which could also ofset the cost of rent verses owning a home with a mortgage.  The interest can be deducted from over all income for the year. And there is also some other deductions called depreciation per year, which can further reduce income taxes. These are some of my thoughts to consider.
  6. @HoosierJack [1 likes]: 0:58 is that a house model from world of Warcraft?
  7. @thomas316: Contains spoilers: In April, 2020 an outbreak of Coronavirus ripped through America, it's hapless government unable to stop its spread as it wreacked havoc on the economy.

The renters won by waiting to buy.
  8. @thekaerichtexas: I don't really think it matters. Owning definitely costs more. And plus can't ever leave (unless u sell) same neighborhood, same schools, same restaurants, whereas with renting if I never get tired of the food, schools, culture, environment, politics, infrastructure or anything I always know I can move in a matter of months. Its not permanent. That's the best part and it cheaper. No yard work, no buying light bulbs, no replacing anything. Its all inclusive. Renting is awesome
  9. @VishalChoudhary-hm4vs: it is simple
'Rent until you are able to buy it'
  10. @catash7247: Why does the picket fence have to be white, you racist.
  11. @kurtharahap2216: American are literally eating each other to survive, student go to college then get a job  working as a slave just for paying college debt and rent. The rich get richer the poor get poorer
  12. @CoolCatsLC: If you have student loan or any other debt that you believe prevents you from owning a home you can always buy a fixer upper in Florida where the law will not allow creditors to put a lien on your home.  I just put up a video of the $41k home I fixed up in Daytona Beach and my property taxes are only $182 a year.
  13. @Jebusmike3: Rent out what you buy
  14. @DCDBUMS: Buying only makes sense if you're staying decades and you got a sweet deal. Then you can move and rent it out like my parents did.
  15. @peaou: In lithuania we spend on rent three times as much as on mothly payments if you’re buying a place.  Only thing stopping from buying is that it’s hard to get the initial downpayment. Maybe in metropolies like NY or LA buying doesn’t make sence, but in less urban locations in does.
  16. @commie563: Home is a human right.
Not house. One can have many hours, but everyone should have a home. Its basic needs of humans.
  17. @boratsagdiev5707: Dude your a fucking giant
  18. @Californiansurfer: Location location.  Downey California
  19. @Arkanthrall: Quite disappointed by that video. I was expecting more arguments.
  20. @FloridaFun10007: hard to take advice from guys in tight pants...

- Pacific Labour Scheme is the only way to overcome the financial challenges in my family: Kind: captions Language: en and i work in a tourism industry but since [Music] so here i am to try very hard to go to work there and give my best so when i come back i can provide for my family and provide for every other need that is possible for us i work in lambasa it's a hotel called hotel and it's been very difficult for everyone there because it's hard to when there's no guests coming there's no people coming there's no tourists coming in it's very hard for the company to even pay so it's uh it's a good thing that they still employed us and we had few hours to work and uh yes i used to walk all the way from home to my workplace just to save up some money so i can use that money for the closures uh as you mentioned you walk all the way from from your house that is from uh from my my house is like in galilee basically it's around 45 minutes one week so yes when i walk from almost 45 minutes and then another 45 minutes when i go from work to home yes i live with my family there's a total of several of us so my mother and my brother my sister and my brother and my two nephews so at this moment they there's only three of us working which is me and my brother and my mom also works but it's still hard because the play rate is very low for us so this is a big opportunity for us to go have a good experience there and hopefully when we come back we can have a better life ah aim is just to go there give it my best because i'm not there to go and enjoy myself as a tourist my aim is to go work hard get paid come back have a better house maybe a land or something not just a comfortable life for my family times will be hard you know we all went through it but we just need to focus on our goals whenever we have a difficult time we just need to focus on what is our main goal and our achievements just know that we are always doing things for our families and for our loved ones

- Financial Considerations and Challenges when Selling your Home: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Jay C of Four Seasons Home Inspections hope you like my video and I hope it's helpful to you your family may have outgrown your current home or you seek a new neighborhood or perhaps you've had a job change that requires a move whatever the ca for your decision you're now both the buyer of and seller of real estate property doing both at the same time comes with certain challenges as written by realtor.com if you sell first you may be left rushing to find a new place to live and you may end up with a house that isn't right for you but if you buy first you run the risk of paying for two homes at the same time the transition becomes even more difficult if you need to sell your current home to make a down payment on the next one but unless you negotiate with your home's buyer in extended closing or an agreement to stay in your home for financial considerations you may be staying in a hotel apartment or a relative's home until you find your new place either way you're moving twice if you buy a home before selling your current one an option would be to make your purchase offer contingent on the sale of your home but this makes your offer less attractive to any seller and is often beaten out by a non-contingent offer with higher down payments required in most purchases these days another alternative is to take out a home line of credit in order to secure the necessary initial funds you can then pay back the line of credit when your previous home sells of course there are other options and more complexities than are explained here ask your real estate professional for direction on what route Best Suits You [Music] The Rains in our area often cause moisture issues in homes and that's an expensive fix we can see to it that your new house will be free of this problem at the time of your purchase if you live in or moving to the King County area or the surrounding region then Four Seasons Home Inspections is the inspector for you

- How to Find Seasonal Jobs & Work! #seasonalwork: Kind: captions Language: en hello and welcome back to the channel if you're new here my name is Alana I live out of my 2006 Honda Accord and I'm currently working a seasonal job so I've been getting a lot of questions from you guys of how I found my seasonal job so I figured I would make a video not only detailing how I found my seasonal job but also how you can find all sorts of different seasonal work a lot of times people look at my life and they assume oh she just has money but it's like no I've been working since I've been traveling I just maybe don't work in the traditional sense but there are ways to work while you live life on the road so starting with two Instagram profiles that are very helpful for finding seasonal work they are called cool works and occupation wild both of these Instagram profiles also have a website and basically they do the searching for you so on their websites they will list all different uh job opportunities in different locations that are looking for seasonal workers this way you don't have to do any of the research you just go on their website you find something that looks appealing to you and then you send in your application these platforms make it so easy to find seasonal work it's crazy that more people aren't taking advantage of them now when you look at cool works and occupation wild you'll start to notice a theme with a lot of the seasonal work not all but a lot of the seasonal work is based in locations that also has seasonal tourism so think about it a rafting company that operates mostly in the summertime in a popular tourist destination for rafting in California that would offer seasonal work in the summertime versus a popular ski resort in say Colorado would have seasonal opportunities in the winter time so wherever there's businesses that can only operate in certain Seasons they're always going to be looking for seasonal workers because they're not going to have that full-time staff and a lot of times the people that live in those locations don't want that type of work because they want something that's more secure so these types of positions are really great for for people like us who live on the road because we're willing to just step in and fill in for 4 months and then leave and go somewhere else so if there's a certain type of activity that you really love maybe you love ziplining maybe you love horseback riding look for different seasonal opportunities with those activities maybe you could start raft guiding or horseback riding guiding or zipline guiding or ski lift attendant there's all kinds of opportunities out there you just have to look and send the application it's really that easy now what about my specific seasonal job I'm not working for some tourism business even though that's a great opportunity for seasonal work um I chose to do a different route um so I did see some of these field crew opportunities on occupation wild but I just went directly to the conservation core website and applied for field crew positions that way so the conservation Corp has different locations all around the United States there's some in Appalachia there's most of them over on the west coast like in New Mexico Colorado Montana Wyoming California Oregon Washington places like that and these conservation cores put together field Crews and they send these Crews of people out into usually the back country sometimes the front country and they have different projects that they're working on to help conserve nature so to say so a lot of conservation work is building hiking trails um a lot of people might say well how is building hiking trails conserving nature when that's encouraging more people to go out into nature and the truth is people are going to go out into nature anyways and so by building hiking trails and making a path for people to stay on and making them less likely to just wander about in the forest um that is helping to conserve nature helping to keep the human footprint as small as possible so yes that is still technically conservation work um another thing that field crew will do is a lot of rock work so building different drainage systems on hiking trails as well as building the hiking kons that you see out on hiking trails to indicate where the trail goes if it's near like a wash or somewhere that might easily wash away the trail and field Crews also do a lot of trash pickup um in beautiful nature places where people decide to litter usually beer cans um but yeah this is a very different type of seasonal work but it's still seasonal not because it operates only in one season they have opportunities for conservation work all year it's just certain projects only last four to six months so my project is four months long there's other Crews that are happening right now with the Conservation Corps of New Mexico that are six months long there's all kinds of different types of field crew work because there's all kinds of different locations so in different locations you'll be doing different things now I'm not sure technically the logistics of how all of the conservation cores work but I know that for my conservation Corp the field crew members are paid through a americore grant and americore has limitations so you can only serve four terms as a crew member on these field Crews so this type of seasonal work is kind of limited but it's also a foot in the door into the outdoor field so once you work for a Conservation Corps then it's much easier for you to maybe get a job in Bureau of Land Management or forest servic or even the National Park Service so if that's something you're interested in doing this type of seasonal work now is a really cool way to grow into that occupation actually speaking of national parks national parks will also have some sort of their own seasonal work schedule so when certain Parks like yosity have their High season in the summertime they need more employees and so they have more seasonal positions same thing with all the popular national parks like Yellowstone or the Grand Canyon or those bigname national parks that have a high season of Tourism they usually also have seasonal work opportunities are they the best or the most fun not necessarily you might be working in a kitchen or reception at the hotel but I think with working a seasonal job in a national park it's not so much about what you're doing at the national Park it's more so the fact that I'm living in a national park so yeah maybe you're just the visitor center Clerk or you're just the person who rents out ebikes to people at Glacier National Park but you're still living in the park and that's the cool part of the job like yeah sure you could be a hotel receptionist somewhere in your hometown or you could be a hotel receptionist at the Grand Canyon so I think that is another cool way to get into seasonal work now these are all mostly seasonal work opportunities in the United States but there are certain ways to find different work opportunities abroad I wouldn't call it seasonal work because it's more of a work exchange so you don't always get payment versus seasonal work you are receiving payment um but with work exchange you're doing a smaller amount of work in exchange for just a place to stay or some of your food expenses so there's different ways to find these opportunities there's woing which has opportunity both in the US and abroad um and woing you're usually working on a farm and doing Farm type of work um which is good for outdoorsy people but then there's also different websites like World Packers and workway that have all sorts of different opportunities where you can go work for a month or two in exchange for free accommodation there so I did this in Panama I did this in Mexico and I would love to do this in the future but um as a yoga teacher I taught yoga in hotels and that was really cool for the experience as well um didn't pay great but it was still a really great experience so if you're looking into ways to travel abroad on a budget that's a really cool way to do it because yeah sure maybe you're not earning money but you're also not spending a lot of money so that's a great way to travel for cheap if you're looking to do that internationally um but if you have any other tips for seasonal work or just different types of work in general make sure to leave them down in the comments for everybody else to see and if you made it all the way to the end of this video I really appreciate you I feel like I kind of rambled a bit but that's okay I'm just trying to give you all the information so if you appreciate that make sure you hit that subscribe button if you haven't already and I hope to see you guys again in my next video [Music] bye black

  Top Comments:
  1. @tenthz [3 likes]: You talked a lot about national programs, but check out state-based programs as well. The PA DCNR also has a conservation corp program which has expanded in resent years. My brother worked with them and leveraged it into a full-time position with the DCNR and made a lot of contacts in conservation and trail care in PA.  I would not be surprised if other states have similar programs. State parks and forests are often hidden gems because they don't get as much publicity as the national parks/forests/memorials.
  2. @lucinawoods2960 [2 likes]: Thank you🙏
  3. @saraharnold2056 [2 likes]: Super helpful thank you!
  4. @XoliswaJantjies [1 likes]: I want to work please
  5. @Aaron_Morales [1 likes]: This video is really helpful. I've been looking for seasonal work and your advice is spot on.
  6. @GregoryEdwardWood [1 likes]: Thanks for the tips on seasonal jobs. I never knew there were so many opportunities out there.
  7. @TheElnu [1 likes]: how about the visa? finding jobs are much  easier than getting work visa or sponsors from the companies
  8. @CharleeCannabis: Thanks for this info. Very helpful and informative. This is something right up my alley 🙏
  9. @jessicapekari8338: Love this!
  10. @ALINUR_JR: Hey, I need work ❤
  11. @edwardcox1831: Iwant listing
  12. @edwardcox1831: Coolwork
  13. @slomanajaruka: does anybody know websites for searching such jobs in South America?
  14. @pradeeppatel1975: i got seosnal visa from Norway
  15. @LifeUnbound: Thanks so much for sharing this! My partner and I would love to start applying for things at Coolworks- would you know if places are against hiring couples? Thanks for any insights!
  16. @RoyJackson_112: If anyone's struggling with their resume, I've heard Resubot has some cool features for making it ATS-friendly. Just a thought.
  17. @gabrielomololu9148: @Alauna Roby  please, Does this jobs offer visa sponsor. Because am really interested.
🎉
Thank you Roby
  18. @fakiyafemi4101: Thanks for the Opportunity 

I am interested in Portugal 
How can you help me move to Portugal 

Thank you Ma
  19. @SophieMbodji-e4m: Bonsoir je suis intéressé Hi l am interested
  20. @SophieMbodji-e4m: Bonsoir je suis intéressé

- Seasonal Work Explained: Jobs, Pay, Housing & Reality: Kind: captions Language: en I worked seasonal jobs pretty much all through my 20s on and off until the last two years I had a full-time job which I quit and now I'm going back to seasonal work at 29. I get a lot of questions in my personal life about how to get into seasonal work or how much money you can save or where you even find jobs, what it's like, who can do it. So, I just wanted to make this kind of overall guide for anybody who's interested. I'm going to put as much as I can up on the screen and then I have as many links as I can below in the description and then I have a separate blog post that writes out literally all of this with links. Uh you can find that below too. On my page I share my own journey back into seasonal work, some of the stuff I've done in the past. I'm going to be driving from Michigan to Alaska soon and interviewing a bunch of people up there about their seasonal work, but also I talk to people who just have less traditional career paths. um are doing different kind of jobs. I just didn't know about growing up because I don't know if I'm going to be in seasonal work forever or what's coming next. So, if you're on that journey, too, then feel free to follow along. Okay, let's get into the seasonal work. So, first, what is seasonal work? Basically, of course, anything that you can do changing from season to season could technically be seasonal work. For the purpose of this video, I'm going to focus on the outdoor industry mostly because that's what I've worked in and there's so many jobs there and that's kind of the main group I think of what people are doing when they want to save a decent chunk of money in a season. So, for example, the summer season here in the States, Canada area is usually kind of May through September give or take depending on what you're doing, where you are, all that. And a lot of people who do seasonal work work that season, usually working long hours, living on site most of the time, really giving yourself to this job. But a lot of people can save so much money that they travel the rest of the year. Or when I did it, I was saving up to go to grad school, so it helped me pay for school. Uh some people are going and taking care of a family member or going back to their family in the offseason or have a just a life at home that they go back to or are stacking these seasonal jobs into a career. So, [snorts] there's so many different ways to do it. I'm going to go through some of the jobs. Now, there again, there are so many. So, focusing on outdoor tourism world. There's everything from like guides, naturalists, interpreters, that sort of thing. That's what I currently do up in Alaska is work as a hiking and kayaking guide. I also am a naturalist on our other excursions, but there's specialized guides for them. So, those are like bear viewing, um, deep sea fishing, glacier trekking, all these different activities. So you can work in that realm of things. But also there are people who are washing dishes, um housekeeping, working in the kitchen, working front desks at kind of more hotel style lodges. There's people working in gift shops as baristas. I'm going to look at my notes so I can just give it all to y'all. Uh chefs, line cooks, you can do that in the back country and be like a backcountry chef cook out in the over the fire or whatever. um maintenance workers. There's bush pilots, helicopter pilots, more specialized stuff like that. Uh concierge and event coordinators for places that have that sort of thing going on. Then there's all these different there's also all these different subdivisions of work. I'm just going to briefly go over some so you kind of have an idea of options outside of this. There is stuff purely focused on boats, right? So there's yachts, sailboats, cruise ships, all different completely different worlds, honestly. Um you can do fishing as in commercial fishing. You can do guiding on fishing boats. You can do um there's people who work on the like National Geographic tours as dive instructors, people who work on yachts, and there's a lot of pages that people have dedicated to that because you can make a lot of money. I know people have been like private chefs on yachts or if you've seen the show Below Deck, kind of get the idea of what stewardists are doing. There are education and youth programs. So maybe being like a camp counselor or in some sort of specialized role for youth. Um there's rafting guides, biking guides, horseback guides. I've done that job. So many different types of programs that you can get into. Garden educator. That's another cool job I've seen. Uh again, there's like horses, equin ranch work, all this different stuff. So there's dude ranches you can work on. There's also actual real operating ranches where people do need seasonal workers so you can live out your cowboy cowgirl dreams. And that reminds me because I think especially ranches, but a lot of outdoor tourism, again, I'm talking about the summer season a lot, but there are usually winter seasons at places. Depends. Some places will have you stay all year round if you want or have kind of an off season but still keep some staff on to do maintenance through. So there are year round positions at some of these places. And then there's also ways to piece together your season. So lots of options. I'm not going to talk about it so much here, but there are people who work seasonally at like events and festivals and those kind of things. I used to do that building stages and building art. I have an interview on my YouTube with somebody who does that as part of her full-time job situation. So you can go check that out if you want to know more about that. There are of course a lot of agricultural jobs. Um that's really popular in the holiday working visa in Australia which is a whole different subject that I'll make videos on too. Um but there's also ones in the states. So, people who do work camping, which is kind of people who live in RVs or their van, and they exchange their time around the country at these different places like campgrounds or retreat centers, and they exchange some time and labor for a place to park their van for sometimes meals, for sometimes pay on top of that for different tasks. There's all different arrangements. Anyway, that's a whole another thing as well. But in that community, um, I learned about there's this thing called the beet harvest in the Midwest. There's also the Idaho potato harvest and then there's some other harvests where people will go and work. Actually, it's pretty much in the offseason from other stuff like September, October time, I think, maybe even November. And they do really long hours over just a few weeks to save money. And again, there are so many different lifestyles that play into this, which is why it's hard. You'll see I interviewed in another video um a professor of like outdoor wreck and he talks about how if you're going to do the seasonal thing. A lot of it is kind of a lifestyle. Um it doesn't have to be. Some people just do it for a season and then go back to their lives or go back to school or go back to whatever's next for them. It can be a stepping stone. But for people who want to make it their full-time thing, it does become a whole world and lifestyle a whole world and lifestyle onto itself. And there are so many different things. So there's seasonal work like I'm talking about in the tourism world. There's these work campers I talked about. There's people who are doing work exchange maybe overseas um or in the US and you know are trading their time to be able to stay places for free and then have free time to do their own thing as well. There's nannying a pairing. There's like travel nursing. There is so many different jobs that I probably don't even know about that can happen on a seasonal schedule. But again I'm going to focus on that kind of outdoor tourism world. Okay. Everyone wants to know about pay. So yes, this work is paid. Again, I mentioned a bunch of different exchange stuff that exists, but let's focus on say someone going to work a big summer or winter season specifically to save money. Um the pay is going to vary so much from different jobs and what you can save is going to vary a lot. So some of the main factors in that are is your job including housing and also potentially food. Um, I think if it includes housing or not and food is going to determine how much you can save in a lot of places because some of these big companies will have staff housing. Um, a lot of time not the best housing and multiple people in one room or different options and you can pay into that like how much however much they charge you out of your paycheck every um pay period to live in the communal housing. And sometimes that's like the only option unless you have a hookup, a van, something like that. So those situations exist. It's going to be a lot harder to save money when you're paying, especially depending on how much you're getting paid versus how much you're paying into these things. Same thing. A lot of these are in remote places, hard to get groceries. You could end up spending a lot on food. You're definitely going to have the best luck saving money if you're somewhere that pays for your housing, which I've been lucky and selective that the places I've worked do include housing. in my own room. Um, shared bathroom usually or like in Alaska. Let's describe them. So, my first one um in New Mexico I had like my own little cassita essentially or we kind of split one. It was just a bedroom and then I walked to the communal showers and stuff and then there was a meal hall where I got all my meals. And it's not like I could have even gone anywhere else to get food really. So, this was all included because kind of has to be. actually really think it's messed up that these big employers make the employees pay to live somewhere that benefits the employer, right? Like having employees on site where they're accessible to you is a benefit to the employer. So I think employers should always have to pay for this stuff, but they don't. So that's one thing to consider. Um where I work up in Alaska, I lived in the guide house the first time. It's like four or five bedrooms. We had running water. All the staff housing there does not have um bathrooms, use outouses in a lot of rural Alaska. And where I'm living this summer, it's a cabin split between two of us. So like two different rooms in a cabin. No running water. Still has electricity. So different things. Again, I'll say it so much throughout different videos. Seasonal work is not going to be for everyone in the sense that it's not accessible to everyone. Of course, it's also not what a lot of people would want to do. So that's fair. Keep that in mind. But housing can vary a ton and how much money you're going to save can vary a ton. I linked in that blog post and down below um different Reddit posts where people are pretty transparent. I think it's the internet so they can lie, but I think they're being pretty transparent about how much they're able to make at different places, how much they save. So, for example, there's this um cool influencer I've been following who works as a bartender seasonally and then she bought a sailboat and she talked about how she saved 20K at her first um bartending seasonal job and then she wanted to save 40K the next season. So, that's what some people are making. Um, I know people have done commercial fishing, which is a rough job, living on the boat, living that lifestyle day in and day out. But, um, up in Alaska, some people can do that for like five months, walk away with 60k in a really good season with a good company, fishing the right thing, having a lucky season. Um, some people have done it for three months and only walked away with 10K because it wasn't a good season or whatever. So, there's a big range on those kind of jobs. Um, and again, not ideal conditions. Not a lot of people would want to do it, but can be a good way to save money. Um, other bartending things. I've talked to friends who worked on Block Island off Rhode Island and said that people who stayed like 5 months and really worked on saving money could save like 50k. A lot of people are walking away with more like 10 to 30k, staying a bit shorter season. Um, and people who do these seasonal jobs, I already mentioned it, but some people just travel the world, like the rest of their time off or buy a sailboat or do all sorts of crazy stuff. Um, some people use that money to fund whatever their, you know, passion career is in life. Like I'm kind of trying to be I'm kind of trying to do that where um I don't need to talk about me right now. We'll get to that later. But yeah, I linked as many resources as I could to kind of understand how people are making money and saving it in seasonal. You'll see some of these Reddit comments where people are working at these bigger organizations, usually through uh national parks. They're living in housing they don't really like. They're spending a bunch of money and they're only saving a few every summer. Um which still isn't nothing and maybe is better than staying at home and paying your bills. So that's one of the things about this is that seasonal work can be totally life-changing for some people. realizing that they can save up these big chunks of money and have a lot more freedom in their life. Of course, not everybody has the freedom to do that if you have kids or a family member you're taking care of or just a career that you're built into or something that's tying you somewhere. Of course, this is not for everybody. Um, health insurance is a huge subject that I'll make a whole another video on. It is possible. Lots of people have health insurance who live this lifestyle, but just like any self-employment or um seasonal work of sorts in the US, it's hard to navigate and it's going to be a limitation for some people. Um accessibility in some of these places, a lot of these places, um and just the culture of this work, there are so many things about it that are limiting their barriers that are not going to be ideal for everyone. I just want to say that it's a big privilege to be able to live this lifestyle and it's also not that glamorous and I'll make separate videos about deinfluencing from seasonal work. All that to say that when people find the right place where they are happy and well taken care of um they can save a lot of money that I have never been able to save by working a full-time job or usually multiple jobs and living in the city. I feel like I'm always broke and I found some of these seasonal jobs where I am able to save tens of thousands of dollars and invest in different things in my life and it has been really freeing for me personally and that's part of why I want to do this is because this is has been a huge privilege to work in this field um and to do all these different jobs and I know it's not going to work for everybody but if I can make the path and options a little bit more accessible for anyone who is interested in this weird niche life then I want to do that. So please let me know your questions. I will make more videos. I will answer them. Um, I just want people to have this information. So, again, please look at the blog post because it has literally every link I can think of in there and every resource. It's not some guide you have to DM me for. It's all there. It's for free. I did ask a few people in my life about who like I have a friend who's in her 30s and does seasonal work full-time. She works as a bear guide um and then as Aurora Borealis guide. She's in school right now, so doing kind of a different path, but people do it full-time. I've asked them, "How do you make this like financially reasonable where you're saving money over time, not just saving money and then spending it?" And she said the way that she's been able to do that is lining up seasonal jobs in advance so she knows or going back to the same ones the next year, right? So she knows where she's going to be, how much time she's going to have off, and how much money around she can expect to make, which makes like saving and planning for your life a lot more reasonable in this what can be a pretty unstable career. I want to talk more about who can do this job. I think that there might be a stereotype that it's all for young people. Of course, there are certain jobs that are catered towards people taking a gap year or taking time off from college in the summer. There are a lot of young people in this. Of course, there's also people who do it, you know, as their career throughout their whole life. There's people who get into it later in life. I see a lot of that. I work with plenty of people uh where I've worked that had kids young. They grew up and now they're kind of starting this as a second phase in their career, in their life. Um, and it's allowing them to travel and see the world and work, you know, a little later. And I've even had co-workers that are doing the same job as me and they're like 50 and they've done all these insane guiding things and they and their wife do it together. And it's really cool. And it's um so cool to see how different people bridge this life and use it to their advantage, which I kind of think is the whole thing. Everyone's looking for financial freedom, right? and sometimes geographical freedom and all these different things that this job can provide people when it works out doesn't always work out. I saw this Reddit post the other day. I I love Reddit as you can tell. I saw this Reddit post the other day on r/seasonal work which is great resource linked below. Um of someone saying he works in tech. He had a family member pass away recently and just really inspired him that he wanted to do a seasonal job like as far away from civilization as possible. do whatever job, you know, housekeeping, guiding, whatever it was. He had some experience in those things in the past. Um, and it was a little bit later in life. And then people in the comments were saying the same thing like, "Oh, I got into seasonal work after someone in my life passed away and it just kind of changed my perspective on life and you know, I'm still in it years later or they did it for a while and went back to their life." All that to say that there are so many different reasons that people get into seasonal work. Whether it's your summer break from college or you're saving up for grad school or you're maybe a scientist like I studied ecology and I was doing field research and I just knew it wasn't going to be my path to like go deeply into research. So how else can we use those skills and that knowledge? Um yeah, there's so many different reasons you're going to meet so many different kinds of people in this field. I've had work environments where I was the youngest one at 20 and there were people um more like a retreat center where people could volunteer too. They weren't like working working but you know we're in their 70s and we have this big community. I love intergenerational communities and that's something really cool that fieldwork I mean that's something really cool that seasonal work can facilitate. So it can be this amazing life-changing thing. But finding the right seasonal job that works for you, I just want to say it's not I want to say that it's like, oh, any job, you know, make sure that the company somewhat aligns with you, that you're going to like your co-workers, you're going to like your manager like as much as you can before you get there. But in seasonal work, that's so much more important because you're probably going to be living eating meals with like doing everything with these people under a lot of stress. Um, just because like the work itself might not be stressful, but when you're doing it six days a week for 5 months or whatever, that's a lot of time together and a lot of time in these often remote spaces. So, who you work with, who you work for, it's all going to matter so much. And I would hate for somebody to show up at a seasonal job and feel trapped there because the environment they're in doesn't align with, you know, their cultural religion or gender identity or in some way that you would feel unsafe. And I have heard of people showing up at seasonal work and feeling that way. You can always leave. You don't really owe anyone anything. Um, but obviously for your financial situation and for the company and for everybody involved, it's best to get as much information as you can before, which is why I will say always vet your seasonal jobs as much as possible. A great way to do that is going on to Reddit or Facebook groups, and I linked a bunch um below, and asking, "I got a job offer from this place. Has anybody worked there? What's the culture like? how much money were you able to save? Like this is because this is a lifestyle. It's also a community and I think people are really willing to share their experiences and you know want the best for each other to make this uh unique lifestyle work. Okay, the big one is where do you find work? So I'm going to take you kind of from like beginner methods to advanced. And this is where the links and all that stuff is going to be really handy for you to see actually, but I'll I'll list as much as I can here. So you're going to start with basic is there's websites tailored to seasonal work. So, Cool Works is going to be your main one. Um, that's where I found my Alaska summer job actually years ago. And you can search by like category as in uh I want to work with horses or I want to work in Montana or I want to do a conservation job. You can search by all these different things. Um, that is kind of the golden star of seasonal work, I would say. But also, it does get criticism because it's kind of picked through and competitive because everybody knows about it. And um people say I don't know if it's just people's perception or if it's real, but people tend to say like it's not as good as it used to be. So I listed a ton of other websites. I'll show them here, but um again on that blog post and these are a bunch of other websites that people use. Some are getting more popular than others. Even going on Indeed and searching by like seasonal work or uh includes housing is sometimes where a lot of the seasonal jobs are too. So it's like basic look at those uh job boards. There's this one called Occupation Wild, which is newer but growing and they have a bunch of jobs on there. Link to that. Uh newsletters. Base Camp is an outdoor industry newsletter, but they have a seasonal section and it's pretty extensive right now. That is a paid newsletter or there's a paid version of it, so you can explore what you can get for free or it's like a few bucks. Um it's pretty useful either way. Okay. The most I think slept on way to find seasonal work is Facebook groups and really like any alternative lifestyle stuff. There's so many niche Facebook groups. You could say, "I want to sail this route. I have this experience." And like look into that and you can probably find a Facebook group of people looking for you. It's so specific. Again, I listed a ton of my favorites for a ton of different things from where to find like horse equin, dude ranch jobs to where to find guiding jobs to where to find sailing, yacht work. There's all these different things and people will share and advertise jobs on there. But another thing about it is that you can sell yourself, too. So, you can introduce yourself. Um, say exactly who you are and what you're looking for. And I've seen, you know, people make connections on there. There's that. Again, like I mentioned before, it's also a great place to vet jobs. Say, I got an offer from here. has anybody seen this? Or, oh, I want a job where I can bring my dog, which is rare to have housing that lets you do that, but I see those posts all the time and people say here, here, and here. Um, yeah, it's amazing resource. Use Facebook. Get on Facebook. Again, I listed a ton of different links. Okay. On top of that, um, Reddit is a great resource. As I mentioned a bunch of times, our/seasonal work really can give you an insight into the community, the lifestyle, and as detailed is how much money somebody made at some place in a previous year. So, it's really useful. This may be obvious, but the best place to find your next seasonal job is at your current one. So, getting into seasonal work, maybe you don't get your dream job, the first one. Maybe you just get, you know, a basic whatever job off of um Cool Works that looks good enough for you or whatever. And you do that and then you're going to meet so many people. If you are, you know, a people person or good at making connections with your co-workers, maybe your managers, the owners, you're going to hear so many other jobs come up. People say, "Oh, I was doing this job down wherever in Florida in the winter and I made this much money and oh, could you connect me to that?" So, there's going to be so much word of mouth. And I think a ton of people find their next job that way. The last way I will say, which is more of like playing the long game, but if I was to look for a new seasonal job right now [clears throat] and I wanted it to be highaying and long-term and in alignment with my values, I would do this. I would go and find like my dream places. And usually these aren't going to be advertised on cool works or something because they have so many returning staff or have a good enough reputation, they can go by word of mouth that they don't need to advertise on these big platforms. So, let's say I like wanted a ranch that also does conservation initiatives. So, I find a few ranches conservation initiatives. It looks like from what I can tell from their social media and stuff, I align with their culture. Um, it looks like they probably pay well because it's well established over a long period of time and they have high-end services or something. I'm look at those things, find like my few dream ones, and then I'm going to look on LinkedIn or social media in general and see if I can find somebody who's worked there either in the past or presently who's in a role I would like to be. Reach out to them. And it's really important you do this not in a demanding way like, oh, I want a job. Like, how can can you get me one? But in a I see what you do. I've done something similar. It's my dream to live like that. And I just was wondering if I could talk to you a little bit more about like your path and your advice. And I will say these are called informational interviews. You can do this in any discipline. I've done this so many times like I've gotten into you know get into the I used to want to work in museums. So when I would travel or be somewhere visiting family I would look at the local museum and somebody with a cool job and I would say can I come talk to you and they say sure and then you get to go to the museum for free and they're usually really inspiring and nice and I would just recommend this no matter what jobs careers you're talking about in life. And that's kind of the whole project of this started where I interview people about their unique careers and paths and lifestyles because I love talking to people and doing these informational interviews. So you can do those anyway. Do that in this situation. Just leading with curiosity, not expecting anything out of it. Do that. And then if you still want to work there, you could go to the company itself, uh, the owners, whatever, contact them and say, "Oh, I got to connect with this other person, um, who's worked for you, and they had so many great things to say, and I really admired their path, and I would love to make a connection with this company and learn more to be, um, I would love to be considered for future opportunities." And I would go from there and see what happens. I think that a lot I've heard of people doing this in other industries outside of seasonal work. I think it applies to seasonal work. Um, again, I'm calling it seasonal work, but it's not always seasonal. People live and work on these ranches year round or like make careers out of it. It's kind of up to you what you want to build from this work. And that is the basic overview. Again, I do these interviews um different people with different interesting jobs I just didn't know about growing up or I still don't know about how they work. Um, I do that and I'm going to follow my own journey as a seasonal worker, stories of all my weird side quests in my 20s and yeah, I'll try to be transparent about the money I make and um, just like the pros and cons of this lifestyle and always happy to answer questions and make the pathway to it a little clearer for people. If there's anything you want to know, let me

  Top Comments:
  1. @Freelybeingkaila [1 likes]: I agree with all of this. I have been doing seasonal on and off for the past 3 years and it has saved me in so many ways where I am thinking of making the career change to keep traveling and keep doing different jobs. I've been able to live in Montana, Utah, Tennessee, and now doing a seasonal job in Maine. I've met life long friends along the way and been able to pay off so much debt! so many people are like "this is for young people only" and for me as a 31 year old, I say "eff that!" I have worked with people of different ages and even worked with a couple last season that have been doing seasonal work since the late 90s and they are in their early 50s and dont plan on stopping any time soon. It really can be the best experience depending on who you are as a person and how adaptable you can be. Seasonal work is where it's at forreal! Thanks for the video !
  2. @heycooley [1 likes]: Appreciate your help. I have a contract in Alaska from May to mid-September this year. Looking for something in Florida starting October. I drive tourists. Bartend, serve and can cook. Good with groups. Hopefully I can get something after Alaska to keep this lifestyle going. 🙏 😎👍🏻
  3. @josuesepulveda6850 [1 likes]: Really informative,thanks!
  4. @romero7777777 [1 likes]: Straight fuego🔥! Information Delivery 10/10.
  5. @Laura-kb5sr: Vetting: I checked the environmental record of a major employer my husband and I were considering--and it was absolutely horrible. In fairness, many corporations will prioritize money over anything else, but this was really extreme. I think I just can't do it.
  6. @darwinstaiger: super helpful! I'm 19, planning on starting my first seasonal job in the fall, seeing how it goes with no real time limit. when would be the best time to apply for jobs beginning in October/November? Is the fall really more of an awkward time to start a gig or do winter jobs begin that early? not super into the idea of ski resort but looking at tons of options on coolworks. any advice would be super sweet, thank you:)
  7. @bajaclaws: So you:hand-pink-waving::face-blue-smiling: worked a coolworks job
  8. @JohnHornby768: Great overview.  I'm 69.  We used to have these same discussions when I was in my 20's. The venue was often around a campfire or in a car on a long drive across the country to go boating.  What is different now is services like YouTube make it much easier to share information way beyond your personal circle you hang out with.  It makes me very happy to see folks are still savoring life and thinking about ways to make their way through it while so doing.
  9. @mattr2961: This was great, ty
  10. @Francisco-l4d9s: You should date Timothy Ward but no children.. please 🎉
  11. @Shai8212: Where do you apply to work on a yacht?
  12. @LinaMPaloma: Have you heard of places that allow employees to bring pets. I have two cats
  13. @benlltt: Really great video!
  14. @erikagrisel_: So so helpful!

- Working a Summer Season in Alaska: All You Need to Know: Kind: captions Language: en hey y'all it's sabrina so for this week's video i'm going to be giving you all the information that you need to know about working a summer season up in alaska i'm going to be going over the alaska season as a whole including weather and wildlife the locations you can expect to work different job opportunities there are how to get a job the perks of the job and a bunch of tips and tricks along the way if you're just looking for something specific as always there are timestamps in the description below so let's get started so the alaska summer season takes place between the months of may to september give or take a few weeks before after that timeline while there are winter seasonal jobs available they are more few and far between than the summer season because the summer season brings not only the nice weather but that means it's the tourist season with it being a seasonal job there's lots of turnover rates they always need people all across the board in regards to the weather like any state the more north you go the colder it is going to get however the temperatures during the summer season are not the frigid cold alaska that you're thinking of depending on where you're placed it's probably going to be warm enough for you to wear shorts however one thing to keep in mind is that it does rain a lot wherever you are in alaska during the summer season so it's good for you to bring gear in order for you to be prepared for that now if you're planning to go there because your goal is to see the northern lights i do have some disappointing news for you the northern lights more prominently take place during the winter season because during the summer season it's mostly daylight during the summer you're only going to see darkness between 3 and 5 a.m for the most part this is called the midnight sun as your summer goes on and the closer to september and the winter season that you get those hours of darkness will start to expand but for the majority of your time in alaska during the summer it is going to be daylight all the time now this can definitely mess with your body personally while living a summer in alaska i never knew when to go to sleep because it was sunny outside my body thought that i should be up and i should be doing things i super recommend that when you are packing for a summer in alaska definitely bring one of those eye masks or something to put over your eyes for when it's time to go to sleep especially if you're living in a tent or a cabin that doesn't have blackout shutters it can get really frustrating trying to fall asleep if you're someone who needs darkness to do so now alaska itself does have a lot of diverse wildlife no matter where you go in alaska you are bound to run into some type of wildlife it's going to cross your path eventually there are a lot of different animals up there and some you may have never seen before depending where you're from or where you live of course is everything from bear and moose to whales and puffins the biggest note to take from that is just make sure you know about the type of wildlife that surrounds your working environment your living environment or any of the places that you are going to explore know what types of wildlife and how to act around them for example there are bears up in alaska but not every bear you come across you're going to act the same way so figure out the type of animals that are around you how to take the proper safety precautions and please obviously don't approach them or try to feed them now let's get into location a lot of people think that a summer season in alaska means that you're going to be out in the wilderness and it's going to be a super remote location that's not always the case there are summer jobs in alaska all over the place this means all the way up in the arctic down on a southern island or right in the middle of anchorage it's important to do your research in order to find out where you want to be for the entire summer season do you want to be on an island do you want to be in the wilderness do you want to live down by the ocean or up in the mountains not just because this is the place you're going to be living but depending on the job that you end up doing you may not get a chance to get to other places during your summer places that you want to see and that's because when it comes to traveling around alaska you don't have a lot of options there's planes and trains and boats but there's not a broad number of those that you can just hop on anytime once you figure out where you want to go make sure you're doing research on what is around you and i don't mean just places that you can explore or visit but things like how far is the closest town do you have to ship in items to have them delivered to you by one specific plane that only comes every couple of weeks or are you going to be living in town and it's not really a big deal situations vary greatly and it's important to know your situation your location your living situation so that you know how to pack or to get what you need if you don't pack correctly or if something comes up that you need now one thing i will say in regards to location and job itself from my experience the more remote your job is the further away from towns the more your employer tends to provide so if you're living up in the arctic housing and meals are probably free and they may even fly you out there but if you're working down in seward depending what your job is they may provide a meal a day and help you find your own housing i will talk about price differences and what that could mean for you later on the video when we talk about expenses okay let's talk about job opportunities so what's cool about alaska is that there are so many different jobs to choose from from hospitality to guide jobs to cannery jobs pretty much everything you can imagine and again because it's a seasonal job there are high turnover rates people don't return year after year so for the most part these jobs are always hiring most of them are entry level jobs and you don't need any past experience they'll train you on the spot this is the part i cannot stress enough when choosing the job you are going to apply for you really need to think about the type of experience that you want when you spend your summer in alaska are you going there to make a bunch of money are you going there just for adventure or do you want to mix a boat and the reason i'm pointing this out is that you can definitely find a lot of high paying jobs up in alaska but normally in my experience the higher paying the job in alaska the more hours you work and the less free time you have so figure out why you're there and what you're doing this for so let me jump into a few recommendations now if money is your goal i definitely recommend a fish cannery job you can make a ton of money doing this they fly you there they fly you home they pay for your meals and your housing room and board everything's covered but you are working seven days a week and normally you're working 12-hour days but if money is the priority and you're happy to adventure and explore after your season's done then this is definitely a good job and there are a lot of them out there if you're looking for a mix of money and the adventure then i definitely would say a guide job now there are tons of guy jobs out there again you don't really need experience because for the most part like i said they'll train you or certify you when you get there there's a million different ways to be a guide in alaska you can be a zip line guide fishing guide hiking guide dog mushing guide the list goes on and on so you're actually going out and getting to do these activities and teach others how to do these activities while you're still making money and for the most part you get tips as well so you can make money while continuing your adventure now if you don't care about money and adventure is your goal then you have a ton of options out there a housekeeper a server a doc hand a camp counselor a park ranger you can care for dogs work with children with this it's just up to you to figure out where the location is going to be and how your days off are going to work or how often you get time or days off specifically and the reason i'm saying this is even with some of the recommendations that i mentioned every job just like everywhere you go is going to be drastically different from location to location you not only need to do your research but make sure in your interview you're asking your employer the salary expectations and the work hour expectations make sure it's included in your contract so that you and your employer can both stick to that agreement as amazing as the opportunities you have to work a summer in alaska can be your experience will most likely depend on your job what you're doing how many hours you're working and if everything added up is worth it to you seriously you have a lot of options more than you may have expected you can definitely find a job that matches your skill set or something you haven't done before that you may want to try now let's get into how to get these jobs i mentioned before that the normal summer season is between may and september some employers do work through the winter season and therefore they are continuously hiring all the time i've seen postings for jobs for the summer season in alaska as early as january and february i will say if there is a job that you really want i definitely recommend you apply early however if you're not sure if you have that time commitment yet or you're not sure what your summer's going to be like there will most likely be opportunities later down the line but the closer you get to the summer season it kind of just leaves it up to chance i was lucky enough to get my job two weeks before i actually ended up showing up but that was because the people that normally go to that job weren't able to do it that season so like anything the longer that you put it off the less likely a chance you'll be able to get that specific position but you never know so just keep checking now where exactly can you find these job postings personally i always vouch for cool works i love that website i'm always on it but if you want some more different websites you can check out my video on the 10 different websites to find seasonal jobs once you find the job you've done your research you know it's the job you want to do see what is required for that job make sure you are the right age for that job you have the background or necessary skills for that job and then see what requirements they have maybe you need a food handler's card or maybe you need a wilderness first aid certificate as i said earlier the majority of these jobs will provide certain trainings for you however if they don't provide the certain certifications that you need there are places where you can go and obtain those certificates now if you find a job that you really want to do but you don't have the qualifications or the specific skill set for it i say still apply to that job send an email to the employer explain to them that you know that you don't meet specific qualifications but you're really eager to learn and you're willing to work hard at it and something you want to do sometimes that honestly can make all the difference and just like any job before you apply make sure that you tailor your resume to the specific job you are applying for for example if you're looking to be a camp counselor in alaska make sure you're telling your resume and showing your background working with and youth don't send them a resume that has all of your background and skills and housekeeping or serving when you're looking to be a summer camp counselor now if that's all you have that's completely fine send them what you can but look over it do what you can to tailor that resume to the specific skills that their job is asking for now let's go over some of the expenses that you may run into while you're planning your trip or once you arrive in alaska now i already touched on the fact that depending on who you're working for or where you're located your employers may be paying or providing a lot of expenses that you don't need to worry about they could be providing the plane ticket to and from alaska they could be providing your housing your meals or other things that you don't need to consider or think about but what if they are not providing these things obviously the first thing that you have to worry about is your plane ticket i always recommend checking out skyscanner that's my favorite website to figure out flights but there are plenty of other ones that will compare different airlines so that you can keep the prices down i definitely recommend waiting at least a few weeks into your summer to see what your setup is like and figure out your next steps before purging the plane ticket home you may have thought that you would have tons of time during your summer to explore the whole of alaska and it turns out you're working a lot more than you expected once it's ended you may have met some friends and now you want to go travel alaska or head to a different state or country now when it comes to housing a good amount of employers do provide housing there are a few that just help you with your housing and there are some that you need to find your own housing now obviously i recommend finding an employer that provides housing however if you find an amazing job and it's a once in a lifetime you may want to choose to find your own place depending on what town you're in or where you're at it may be much more expensive to rent an apartment than where you're from in general it probably will be so do some research so that you know how much of your paycheck will have to go toward rent or how much you're gonna have to save up before you actually get there next let's talk about meals so a lot of places will provide three meals a day for you some provide snacks throughout others will only provide meals while on your shift or maybe only provide two meals a day now wherever you're going to be in alaska i can almost guarantee you that the prices at the grocery store are going to be much higher than they would be in your hometown and depending on what you're going to want to eat and how healthy you're going to want to eat it could be expensive to go shopping so definitely make sure you're saving up a little bit of money for groceries before you come to alaska however it fits into your budget this expense of course will most likely be the same thing as general shopping even if you're someone who has not planned to go shopping for clothing or materials you may get there and find out it's a lot rainier than you thought it would be definitely plan for maybe having to go out to purchase some necessities that you did not think you would need or maybe you ran out of something and now you need to get it now one important thing i want to point out with this before you go figure out if you're going to a place where you can only get fresh groceries or toiletries maybe once a month or once every two weeks because it has to be shipped into the location that you are at and when you do that make sure you account for the shipping cost something that you normally purchase or ship to you via amazon may be more expensive to get to alaska or to get to the specific place due to the extra fuel cost the job that i had was on an island in alaska in order to get stuff in we did have to wait for the shipping to come in now a lot of things they couldn't go by plane they had to come on the barge that means the employer that i was working for was only able to get specific things that had to do with aerosol or gas tanks when the barge came in and i believe that was every two months now the things that came to us via airplane it did cost a little more because of the fuel but i will definitely say that one thing i was not expecting is that i was looking for one specific item on amazon i had to go through four different companies before finding one that would ship the exact same item but to the place that i was in alaska so depending on where you are figure out their mailing system figure out how close the town is and what the prices are on another note in expenses when it comes to getting around which i touched on a little bit earlier to get to some places there may be just one direct route or you may have to go up and around a lot of different places and while you can get to the more touristy well-known places by car there are some places you may want to get to explore that you do need a boat or an airplane to get to yes there's a lot of different planes and trains and boats and ways to get around but there's not a ton of those specific ways readily available to you so if you're not driving and worried about the cost of gas you still have those boat airplane and train tickets that you do need to be aware of if you want to get around alaska or for when you're traveling afterward and the last expense that i could think of that may be good to take into account when it comes to actually traveling around the state or seeing things what experiences tours national parks you're going to want to see and pay for in order to do some of the things out there can be expensive but they are 100 worth the money a lot of things you can do in alaska you cannot do in any of the other states and i'm not just talking whale watching tours or helicopter tours there are some beautiful national parks out there places to hike i would definitely say my favorite experience in alaska was hiking a glacier it was absolutely amazing and well worth the money so look at the different experiences that are available to you see how much you need to save up for or how much you're going to put aside of the paycheck you're getting while working up there in order to do those experiences before you leave that state lastly let's talk about the perks you get when you work a summer in alaska right off the bat one of the coolest perks is wherever you're working you're most likely going to get to do those activities for free if you're working at a park that does tours odds are you're going to get to go on those tours for free if you're working at a fishing lodge you're going to get to go on the boat or down to the river to go fishing zip lining dog sledding whale watching there is so much to do out there and depending on your job you may have access to different hiking or camping equipment or maybe kayaking or canoeing equipment that you can use in your off time people spend a lot of money to vacation in alaska and you're getting to live there and do these activities for free and what's more you're probably gonna get a chance to do them more than once this means that maybe you'll become an expert in that field or maybe you'll get a different experience each time you go you're also like i said living in alaska it is absolutely beautiful there most likely you're either down by the ocean or up in the mountains if you're an outdoor or a wildlife enthusiast this means that you have wildlife nature trails right in your backyard and if you're from the states you get to do all these things without having to worry about a visa and if you're international and coming over on a j-1 visa then you're gonna get to experience some of the most beautiful places in the united states of course what your employer provides for you as well such as the room board and the meals that is definitely a big perk and you get a chance to meet people from all over the world not just people from the united states work a summer in alaska a lot of people are international you're getting a chance to meet and work with people from all over this could mean learning a new language learning a new culture you really don't know much about and all in all making friends from all over the world so that wraps up my video for today if you were thinking about working a summer in alaska my recommendation is just do it do your research figure out what you want to do and take the leap because i promise you as long as you've done your research right it's going to be worth it if you have worked a summer in alaska and you agree or disagree with anything i said or just have something to add feel free to put it down in the comments below hopefully i was able to give you all the information you can ask for when it comes to working a summer in alaska and until next time i hope this helps

  Top Comments:
  1. @jen71ski [4 likes]: This was very informative. TY.
  2. @Jazzipurr [1 likes]: 7 12 hour days!!? Maybe I'll just stay home. ..
  3. @robertdoyle8972 [1 likes]: I have worked going on thirty three years in Alaska but ok I do live here year round lol I did find you touched on more then most that post a video and think you did a really good job with your video
  4. @allabrooklyn4999 [1 likes]: Dear Sabrina I just found you and subscribe right the way!!! Can I ask you which location in Alaska you recommend for summer seasonal job. I am more looking for adventure than money definitely not in middle of nowhere 😊! Thank you so much in advance!!!!
  5. @sierraoverman6197 [1 likes]: As an alaskan this is alright but not quite accurate. Seasons are yearly as well, year to year there are longer weather cycles. Some summers there will be no shorts lol
  6. @mrmichael972 [1 likes]: Great video. I'm surprised it only has 13k views. Take care.
  7. @Hellosunshine777: Thanks Sabrina, I am planning to find a job next year for summer. I am 56yrs old, very active, fit and finally have the time to do this. Do you think there will be a problem finding work because of my age? Please let me know what you think. Thanks for the info!!
  8. @anonymousmc7727: I went up there all that happened was I was chased around by all the women’s you have to be fast or they’ll get ya😂 I’d always heard it was hard to meet a woman there well that was a lie!
  9. @bujamoviesonline8553: Can you please share the link to apply for commercial fishing job
  10. @sarafreund69: LMAO first I watched your videos in 2022 because I join nccc. Now it’s 2024 and I’m watching this because I got a summer job in Alaska. Seems like I’m unintentionally following in your footsteps
  11. @macintoshimann9892: Great video!  I’m hoping I can get up to AK for summer work this season for the adventure and to see a friend.  This video was great to find!
  12. @KingpinThor: Your hot af
  13. @andreasinc4509: This is just for americans, right? I would love to work as a seasonal worker in the USA.
  14. @SailingSalsa: Thank you.
  15. @mdhabibar9545: Hi friends and need Alaska work permit VISA please you help me
  16. @germanikus8793: Such a good input you done, thank you Sabrina
  17. @andrewvargas5487: Can anybody in the comments tell me about pacific starnseafoods in kenai Alaska I'm about to fly out there in a few weeks t.i.a
  18. @newwave3792: Do you recommend fisher creek for work schedule to leave this month
  19. @joshuamontgomery4992: I have been trying to get in a processing plant with no luck. I think Americans should get first shot rather then all the visa workers taking OUR work!
  20. @eddysanchez425: I want to know more about fishing

- Seasonal Jobs Interview Questions And Answers: Kind: captions Language: en what is your past experience in this area I worked at a retail store last holiday season I helped customers find products and handled cash register duties I learned how to work quickly and efficiently during busy times why do you want to work this seasonal job I enjoy working with people and I like the holiday season this job will allow me to meet new people and help them find what they need how do you handle stress or busy situations when things get busy I stay calm and focus on one task at a time for example during my last job I had to help many customers at once and I made sure to listen carefully and prioritize their needs what are your strengths I am friendly and patient I believe these strengths help me provide good customer service for instance I always try to make customers feel welcome and help them with their questions are you available to work flexible hours yes I can work evenings and weekends I understand that these these are busy times especially during the holidays how would you describe your teamwork skills I work well in teams in my last job I collaborated with my co-workers to ensure everything ran smoothly during busy hours we helped each other out and communicated effectively what would you do if you had a difficult customer if a customer is upset I would listen to their concerns and try to understand their issue I would remain calm and do my best to resolve the problem either by helping them directly or getting a manager involved if needed can you give an example of a time you went above and beyond for a customer once a customer was looking for a specific gift that was out of stock I offered to call other stores to find it for them and I did the customer was really happy and appreciated the extra effort what do you know about our company I know that your company is known for its excellent customer service and quality products I also admire your commitment to community events during the holiday season how do you prioritize your tasks during busy times I make a list of tasks that need to be done and prioritize them based on urgency for example helping customers who are waiting is my top priority followed by restocking shelves or organizing the store what do you hope to gain from this job I hope to gain experience in customer service and learn how to work in a fast-paced environment I also want to improve my communication skills and build relationships with customers why should we hire you for this position I am dedicated reliable and willing to learn I believe my positive attitude and experience in customer service make me a great fit for this job and I am excited to contribute to your team

- Tips for landing a seasonal job: Kind: captions Language: en UNEMPLOYMENT DROPPING. A COMPLETE REPORT COMING UP IN A COUPLE OF MINUTES. NOW THE HOLIDAYS ARE AROUND THE CORNER SO IT'S TIME TO GET YOUR MONEY IN ORDER. WHAT BETTER WAY TO DO THAT THEN WITH A SEASONAL JOB, TIPS ON HOW TO LAND ONE WE HAVE FROM MONSTER.COM. WHAT ARE THE BEST COMPANIES PEOPLE SHOULD CONSIDER FOR SEASONAL JOBS? >> MANY COMPANIES ARE HIRING, CUSTOMER SERVICE, HOSPITALITY, TRAVEL AND TOURISM AND WE LIKE TO SHOP BECAUSE WHERE YOU SHOP AS WE GET THE PERKS OF THE EMPLOYEE DISCOUNT AND THINK ABOUT ONLINE REMOTE CUSTOMER SERVICE JOBS. >> GREAT TO GET A JOB AT A PLACE WHERE YOU CAN GET THE DISCOUNT ESPECIALLY WHEN SHOPPING FOR CHRISTMAS GIFTS AND YOUR OWN NEEDS. HELPFUL STRATEGIES TO LAND A SEASONAL SIDE HUSTLE. >> SET UP JOB ALERTS AND APPLY WHEN YOU SEE THEM. DO NOT WAIT, COMPANIES ARE HIRING NOW AND REVISE YOUR RESUME. YOU MAY HAVE NOT HAD A JOB IN RETAIL FOR FIVE, 10 OR 20 YEARS, BUT THAT'S OKAY, HIGHLIGHT TRANSFERABLE SKILLS, COMMUNICATION, PATIENCE, THEY GO A LONG WAY. TAKE THE JOB SEARCH SERIOUSLY. PREPARE FOR THE INTERVIEW AND THEY MAY HIRE YOU ON THE SPOT SO HAVE YOUR AVAILABILITY, THE HOURS AND WHEN YOU CAN START. >> RETAIL JOBS, HAVE A GREAT DEMEANOR, PEOPLE CAN RELATE TO OTHERS, WHY SHOULD PEOPLE CONSIDER GETTING A SEASONAL JOB EVEN IF THEY HAVE A FULL-TIME JOB? >> NUMBER ONE REASON IS MONEY. 85% DID IT BECAUSE OF THE COST OF INFLATION AND TO PAY FOR HOLIDAY GIFTS, ANOTHER REASON IS SKILLS, HALF OF WORKERS WANT THE SEASONAL JOB TO BECOME FULL-TIME SO IT'S A GREAT WAY TO LEARN NEW SKILLS WHILE WORKING. >> WHAT ARE THE NUMBERS ON PEOPLE WHO GET THESE SIDE GIGS WHERE IT DOES LEAD TO A FULL-TIME JOB? >> I CAN TELL YOU THAT IT COULD HAPPEN RIGHT AWAY OR IT COULD TAKE SOME TIME. THERE IS NO SUBSTITUTE FOR BEING OR HAVING AN IMPECCABLE WORK ETHIC TO PROVE YOURSELF SO THEY WILL HIRE FOR THE LONG-TERM. >> CERTAIN COMPANIES TEND TO BE BELLWETHER COMPANIES THAT YOU KNOW DURING HOLIDAY TIME, THEY WILL BE ADDING THOUSANDS OF PEOPLE. >> THINK ABOUT THE BIG BOX STORES AND THINK ABOUT CATERING BECAUSE THOSE JOBS OFTEN COME UP FOR THE HOLIDAYS AND THINK ABOUT SUMMERTIME HIRING FOR SUMMER WEDDINGS AND SUMMARY EVENTS, THINK ACROSS THE BOARD. >> TAKE YOU SO MUCH, OUR CAREER EXPERT, GOOD TO TALK WITH YOU.

  Top Comments:
  1. @briangil5943: WE IN NEW YORK AINT NOBODY TRYNNA HAVE NO SEASONAL JOB 🤣 THEY USE YOU AND DUMP YOU ONCE THEY  DONT NEED YOU ANYMORE

- S1E4 | 🌻 Jessica Cox of Sunflower Cabana Shares Her Bloom Story: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Welcome to the Next Breath podcast, where we breathe life into the next generation of dreamers, doers, and change makers. I'm your host, Matthew Bell, fashion designer and CEO of 14th Pharaoh Apparel, where style reigns supreme. Today, we're stepping into the sunlight with someone whose entire brand is rooted in joy, healing, and transformation. I'm talking about Jessica Cox, the CEO and visionary behind Sunflower Cabana, a bold, blooming lifestyle brand that blends fashion, wellness, and purpose. From her runway shows that feel like tropical sanctuaries to her community brunches that help folks bloom season by season, Jessa is creating spaces that inspire personal growth and unapologetic self-expression. She's not only a designer, but a motivational model, healer, and a force in Chicago's creative scene. In this episode, we talk about what it means to live in full bloom and how fashion can support mental health and how to turn personal pain into purposeful design. So, without further ado, let's dive in, take a deep breath, and feel ready to be seen, inspired, and maybe a little sun-kissed. Let's get into it. Thank you. That was such a beautiful intro. Oh my gosh, I need to like put that on my wall in the morning and read that every day. Thank you so much. Give yourself some affirmations. Yes. So, Jessa, you launched Sunflower Cabana during a pivotal time in 2020. How did that season of self-awwakening spark your brand's redefinition? So, at that time, you know, COVID time and it was my first stab, I would say, at entrepreneurship. At first, I was doing like jewelry and accessories because I always would get complimented on, you know, the big jewelries. Um, but people felt like, "Oh, I can't wear that." And so I wanted to start a brand that motivated people to say, "Hey, you can wear that." Now, I kind of dropped the ball with that just because the people that complimented me saying they loved how it looked on me weren't bold enough to actually purchase. So then I had to start shifting. And then I started doing more style where I had to teach you like, "Hey, you can highlight your features. You can rock this. You can wear that." Um, but yeah, that first kind of three years, two to three years, it was kind of that preliminary run. Can you take us on a journey from your first runway show to rebranding your closet as your own sanctuary? So, I was in a show and they're like, "We need designers." And I at the time was was just creating for myself. Um, was creating my own workout gear and I was like in um and some swimwear. And I was like, I have some pieces I could throw in here. I'm like, not an official brand, but I can throw some stuff in here. And it was so wellreceived and everyone was just like, you should keep going with this. This is so different. This is so unique. And so, uh, um, Mooney Pop Officials, uh, my girl that I work with, she's like my minty now, but she was doing a show and she asked me to do an entire collection maybe three or four months after that initial show. And I'm like, well, let's do it. And I feel like I always say that I slipped and fell into the designing realm because it was really just a personal little thing for me um that I ended up sharing with everyone. Well, we're glad that you have shared it with everyone because it's awesome. Thank you. The world needs more creativity and more beautiful passion coming through it. Yeah. Thank you. And just like all brands, you have a mission and an impact. So for Sunflower Cabana, which is a brand that has blooming movements all around it, how do you define living in full bloom? So full bloom for me is being bold, being authentic. Um, being self-aware. I think that's one that a lot of people forget or don't they don't they get so tied up into what society wants for you or for um what you've been told you should want to should do and like really experimenting and being okay with you know learning yourself. So you know living life in full bloom is like hey I'm going to try this over here. I'm going try this over there. And some of it might be a fail but it's okay cuz you know you're like I tasted that. I know that's not for me. Um, but yeah, definitely that authenticity. 100%. I agree with you. Let's talk a little bit about pedals and progress. How did you align yourself with personal growth and the seasons that come in your life? Well, this one's a little deep. This is going to get a little deep. So, um, I definitely suffer from seasonal depression. Uh, living in the Midwest, uh, I go through it. uh anyone that says it's not real is so real. Um but um I feel like I always say empowered by the sun and it was one time where I always say that like nature is is my interaction with God. That's where I go to pray and meditate and like winter drives me crazy because I'm like I can't go outside and be with God. I need my dose. Right? And so my one friend, he was like, "Hey, God made the winter, too." And I had to sit with that. And I was like, "He did? Why did he make the winter? Let me sit and think with this." And so I started meditating. You know, I'm in we're in the Chicagoland area. So I'm outside in like 20° weather. I got to the point that I uh could sit for 15 minutes in 20°ree weather with just like a hoodie and snow boots and gloves. Uh so that you know it took it took time. It took you know consistency to get to that point but it's something so beautiful about winter when you sit in it and like you hear the geese you hear like I don't know if you've ever heard a snowflake drop but it's like this slight little crunch and it's just like wow I've never slowed down to appreciate winter. And I was like, how many other people haven't slowed down, appreciate winter and just the natural cycle of the world. And so pedals in progress is, you know, embracing every season. So the theme of the first petals of progress was snow and glow where it was illuminating our light. We can still illuminate our light in dark times, in the darkest uh periods of our lives. So um we do a lot of doing the work. I know a lot of brunches are usually about being cute and we're gonna take pictures and have mimosas. It's like, yeah, we're gonna be cute, but we're also going to do the work. Here's a journal prompt. So, the first one we were literally breaking dishes like, hey, what is what cycle am I breaking as I enter into the next season of spring? Before I get to spring, let's dig into the psychology and break the cycle and why it's not serving us. Cuz sometimes we're like, I don't want to stop doing that. But like, do we think of why do I do it? What am I missing out on because I keep doing it? And if I do the behavior that I want to do, how is that going to benefit me? And what do I have to gain? Like we really dived into and then we were breaking those dishes. Somebody was twosteping. They was like, it's gone. You know, so it was a really beautiful brunch. I always call it like brunch and group therapy. And so we tend to have the same people come. So it starts to become accountability group too. So we can we all are familiar with each other. We can say, "Hey, how you doing with your um routine that you said you're going to do? Did you make it?" And we have a chat to support each other too. So that is all beautiful. And I haven't actually like thought about it deeper like really becoming one with the seasons, you know, and like understanding what's going on around you, but also transitioning with them, too, cuz they literally transition and shift all the time. It's the blueprint. It's literally nature is the blueprint. God made nature in and it's all beauty. It's the blueprint. And we don't follow that. Especially I feel like as creatives, we we're like grind, grind, grind, hustle, hustle, hustle. And it's like winter is for rest. Everything in nature is rest. It's not death. It's rest. It's like, you know, the trees take their nutrients from the leaves. They shed it and it all the nutrients goes into the root. So now that's the season where the roots of that tree it is in its most powerful. It's in its most stable. So you can sit with your most stable and your most powerful self in winter. And then you can come back out and and pull out that energy and and push it out where it needs to be. But you got to sit with it first. And we don't ever sit, you know. No, I entirely agree with you. I'm a winter baby, too. So, I got to I got to figure out how to hear a snowflake fall. Yes. Beautiful. A bit more about style and your personal soul. Style is a very important thing as a designer. So, you say that you can help people rediscover themselves in their own closet, but what's something of your own personal style that helped you reach a breakthrough in your life? And also, how can you help others do that same thing? Um, I would just say my my closet, if you think about how your closet is, it's literally the most defining thing of you. It is the accumulation of all your choices. Like it's a accumulation of choices. Like if someone dies and you go through your closet, you can be like, "Okay, they were in fitness." Like you can really tell who that person was. They were in the fitness. They were in a great clothes. Oh, they went out a lot. Maybe they stayed in the house a lot. Like even the gifts that you receive as clothes, if you decide to keep that thing that didn't align with you, that was a decision and a choice. Like that is a reflection of you in your psychology. Like what what's your psychology that you wouldn't get rid of? Aunt May's sweater that you ain't like and you ain't wear just in case Aunt May asks you where it's at. So you can be like I you know you know what I'm saying? So yeah. Uh I feel like it's the hack. It's the hack of your identity sometimes like it's a scientific study where it's like people were given the same white lab coat. Some people were told that it was a painters sm and some people were told it was a doctor's coat. and you know they had to take some type of test and the people in the painters spot answered the creativity or like interpretive questions better and the people in the doctors they score higher on all of the you more inquisitive straightforward logical questions. So that really tells you scientical evidence and proof that what you put on literally determines your mindset and your trajectory and how you feel about when you put it on. So I had a little depression spout and I was like, you know, with fighting the seasonal depression, you'll see me in neon in the winter cuz I'm like I got sometimes I got to put the energy on is my phrase. um color, cut, texture, how you define yourself and how you show up for yourself is how you show up in the world. I think everyone really o underestimates that that like beauty of fashion. It's not just clothes. It's how you're presenting yourself. It's the clues you're telling people about how to treat you. Like it is everything. I entirely agree with you. It is. Yes, fashion is like the ultimate way of just showing who you are, expressing yourself, expressing everything about you without saying a word. Unless you got words on your shirt, you know, some some people be having words on their shirt or something and just letting you know right there. Yeah. But it's just that like metaphorical indirect way of just shining your own light on the world, which is also what I love about fashion so much, too. Yeah. And I feel like a lot of my fashion has has came from my insecurities. So the flower in my hair and the big earrings was a distract cuz my forehead a little big. It a little funky y'all. You know I got my daddy hairline. I love him. But the f I in high school it was let me distract from my forehead with this flower and the big earrings. And then that became like a statement for me unintentionally that like I I started working at a hospital and they're like the girl with the flower in her hair, where she at? She brightens up my day. Where she at? And even with the colors, it was my way of speaking when I wasn't as comfortable with myself and my confidence. It was my way of speaking and being noticed and not ignored. It was my way of fighting feeling ignored. was like, I'mma come in here with this a yellow and y'all going to see me. Like, y'all might I might not say anything to you, but you're going to see me. And then actually the colors drew people to me. It's kind of like, you know, the bird, the fl the bees to the flowers, like they just people just start coming and then that made me more comfortable to transition and be more confident. So, it was like one thing feeding the other. It was It's like a loop then like what you're wearing. Yeah. what you're wearing works to like help you reach goals and get out there more. The brightness, the the light attracts, you know, the light attracts. I respect how sustainability like is a great factor in your brand and my company 14th Pharaoh Apparel has the same thing like you, which it prioritizes sustainability and the importance of that to the customer. So overall, how do you balance luxury with activew wear and eco-conscious fashion? Yeah, when I started my fitness journey, what I was finding was I couldn't find anything of bright color and of quality. So then that's when I started, you know, being a little more serious. Um, but also it was a lot of dark black um, and just it just seems so wasteful. Like the fashion industry, as much as I love it, it's like 10% of the world's waste and like one of the second largest consumers of like our water trying to create all these textiles. And so I usually source for my fitness apparel recyclable materials, like materials made out of recyclable things. Um, everything's made to print for order, so I don't have 50 pieces of the same thing that now I have to clearance it off if it doesn't sell. like it's made to order when the consumer purchases. We also cut on our shipping because it goes from the manufacturer straight to the consumer and we don't do all the like I love a good unboxing with great packaging but that's al also wast so we don't have all the fancy frilly packaging because we're trying to be mindful like we got to take care of our planet our planet takes care of us. Um, so, uh, anywhere I can reduce in my fashion brand, I do. And I also feel like, uh, my pieces are pretty timeless and neutral. Um, you know, they can go anywhere. Like they can go to any time. I've seen people look at my pieces and say they're culturally ambiguous where they can go to any culture or they're like, "Oh, this gives me retro, but this also gives me modern." So trying to find those things that not will not necessarily go out of style. Uh create cuz all of the thing with my brand I don't think if I mentioned it is that I create all of the prints. So all of the prints are created from me from my mind. All the color combinations are made with intention with like color therapy in mind. So, really trying to find that like seamless, timeless, but like edgy uh print that, you know, you're not going to want to throw it away in like two weeks because now it's fashion. Um, I feel like I rambled a little bit, but I think y'all got the point, but we we use the good materials that actually last. Like my my runway samples have been put on various bodies. They fit. I know I used to be about 170. My leggings that are made from my brand fit me at 170, but they also shrunk down and fit me at 140. So like being sustainable in that sense where it's like you're not outgrowing or actually the clothes kind of just fit to you like a superhero. I feel makes it sustainable to me in my book. Yeah. It's like everything's molded perfectly to whoever is like receiving it. It's like it's literally custom, you know? It's like custom. Custom without being custom. Exactly. Like unintentionally for everybody who's buying it. That's beautiful. Yeah. And also speaking of more of your fashion, you have something exciting coming up. Your upcoming fashion. Yes. You have your upcoming fashion show, Passion and Paradise, which is going to be turning Chicago into a tropical escape. Tell us more about the show, what attendees can expect, and the message that you want to send through your collection this year. Oh, it's so much. First of all, it's not one collection, it's three. So, all the collection plural collection, I don't know why I did that to myself. Like 25 pieces. why I do that. It's probably going to be more than 25. Um, but where do we start? Uh, we'll start with the mission. So, the mission behind Passion to Paradise, which is happening May 31st, end of the month from 4 to 8:00 p.m. at So Exclusive uh 57 venue. Shameless plug. Um, but Passion in Paradise's mission is to remind you to pursue your passions until your everyday is your version of paradise. So, for my 33rd birthday, I had this kind of like weird uncomfortable period. I had lost my job, but it was my 33rd birthday coming up and 33 is like my like magical number. So, got to do it big. I want to do a fashion show. God blessed me with a um a business partner that was able to help me get a venue because I was like the only thing stopping me is a venue and then that landed in my lap the next week. Um, but I was coming out of the corporate world and I was like, what what do I really want? Cuz what I was doing wasn't what I wanted. And I'm like, how many other people are are suffocating and and drowning in what society told them that they should want, the big house car, you know, the millionaire, whatever. I'm like, do I really want that? Because if y'all give me a plot of a land and give me a farm, I would be happy. Like I don't need the Birkin bag. I would like a Birkin plant. It's a plant that's actually called Birkin. Wait, that's funny. It's really a plant. It's pretty, too. Uh, but you know, I wanted to make a stage and a space where everyone is passionate about their thing to like be able to showcase. Um, and so I used to I had like four designers. The past two shows I had like four or five signers they would display. I include musical acts. I also include dance acts. So it's really a high energy um event. I want you to feel like you left vacation. You know how you come back from vacation. You're like it was like a a possibility that you didn't of or way of living or something you need to change in your regular life because you had that shock of something new. Like that is the energy and the essence that I bring into my show. You gonna leave inspire. You gonna leave high energy. You could be like that thing that I think I want. I'mma try to go for that. I'mma crave that now. Um, so that's the mission. You asked me a couple questions and one question. So yeah, on the mission. Yes. Would you want me to re reread it? Yeah. Reread it. Okay. Yeah. So I just like you to tell us what the what can the attendees expect and what's the message that you're sending through your collections. Okay. So the collections so one collection is called Kookki collection which Kooki is actually Japanese pottery. Um that it's the aspect that the broken pottery is not thrown away it's mended. So a lot of my collections are born out of depression. That sounds so terrible, but it was born out of a time where I felt ignored. I felt um powerless. I felt literally broken. And it was like pulling myself together. And so it's a resin top collection made out of um fabric scraps, fabric scraps, broken jewelry, and we made these beautiful like elegant tops out of them. And then they have like, you know, a lot of it has gold and pearls. Like you you just feel like it's a very ethereal otherworldly feel to it. Um but the theme of that pottery like feeling broken and then being mended with gold, bended with gold and now the broken piece is now more valuable than it was before it was broken. Uh then I have a upcycle collection. So I never sew. I always manufacture cuz I'm like once you start sewing you become a slave to the fabric store and the sewing machine and I've been avoiding that for the past couple of years. Um but I'm actually going to sew a collection. My son is 16. He's growing like a weed. I have all this random denim around the house. So I was like we're going to bleach the denim. We're going to dye it. And we're going to make these uh cool cool upcycle collection. Um, that one's more to embody like personality, uh, uniqueness, like they're all going to be one of a kind pieces that I make that they're not going to be duplicated at all. And then the last collection is my my I call it the vacation collection for the summer, which I have like the swimwear where, you know, you go on vacation, you and your boo matching. So, I have a a set of about four new prints. Uh I always say nature is my my guiding post. Nature God is nature for me. So they have like an elemental feel. Um most of my pieces have usually been very rainbow neonyy. Um very vibrant but these are more earthy. Uh I got a red like you know red inspired by fire inspired by like cherry blossoms. Um, another one's inspired by it's a it's a blue sea dragon. It's like this water jellyfish stale, but they're really gorgeous. And that one's blue, so that represents like the water. So, uh, those are the collections. So, I got like I got my work cut out cuz I'm procrastinating. Nothing is sewn. The denim is at least bleached, but I kind of that you got to get We're three weeks. way. Uh but yeah, mo most of the other two collections are done, so we're good. Um but you know how I am as um what the audience can what the audience can expect. So we're actually opening up with opera. We're going to be really crazy this this year. It's like I I keep saying this my last show unless I'm sponsored. I can't do this no more. This the last one. So, I'm really going to give you guys a very unique experience that I haven't seen in Chicago. Usually, it's straight straight runway or or it's like the runway is like a party feel like more of like a club. And I like want to give this like artsy um slow grow like we're we're starting with this opera energy. Um, we're going to have a violinist in our first act and then the energy gradually builds and then it becomes like that vacation tropical afro afro beat vibe. You know, kind of like how when you're getting on the plane and you're like, "All right, I'm going to go on my trip and then you get there and now you're at the resort. Now you're like happy and fun. You just feel sun kiss." So, trans translating your own vibe, your own energy. Trans. Yes. We're we're transcending. Um but yeah, violin, opera, we have a singer with a acoustic guitar. Uh we're going to have like a hip-hop dance. So it it's a lot. It's exp it's it's definitely uh what am I trying to say? Entertainment all around. It it is fashion, but it is also storyline and it is also like you will be thoroughly entertained. You're you're gonna be like, I can't go use the bathroom because I gota catch everything. Like I have to wait till intermission to move. That's what we planned. I like that aspect of making a fashion show actually like besides just the clothing like actual and entertaining like show. Just like a lot of a lot of designers don't actually do that. They kind of just have the fashion show and then boom, you're you walk out, you know? But if you have it as like a show, it's just more captivating. It's a bigger artistic vision rather than just the clothes that you're showcasing, right? How does like all the music actually combined to propel your vision further? So, every everything musically is chosen with intention. Uh I don't know if you you've heard of there's science experiments with done on snowflakes also done on plants where music creates the vibration. So there is a visual right there's a visual with your clothing put that energy on but also musically that vibration and exposing everyone to all those different avenues of high energy high vibration meditative you know like opera is meditative violin is meditative like all of those things are hats to your energy how you show up you know I've been very intentional with the music I listen to can't listen to the radio anymore uh Um, and it's really made me into a different person between the the visual and the the hearing around me. It's it's just transformed my trajectory. So, when you're creating an ambiance and an immersive experience, you can't just have the visuals. You have to have the sound that matches. But yeah, definitely sound waves affect plants and snowflakes. Do you think it's not affecting you when you have that all that water in you too? I like that a lot. I like that a lot. Let's talk about your leadership and community. You're deeply connected with grassroots work, Woodlon, diversity and action, Chicago Hip Hop Heritage Museum, Le. So, what keeps you rooted in the community as you rise in your career? Um I think back to this depression right battling with depression and isolation right thinking that oh let me isolate myself cuz I don't want to be a hindrance and a bother to others and I I feel like we go through those phases and those are really selfd deprecating harmful experiences like you really think you're alone but you're not And so to me, community is so important because I feel like creating those open spaces, those open air environments where people can come together and feel welcome like that is some something that I feel western culture a lot is missing out on. Um just the community like we're all in our little boxes in our little houses where we're like only concerned with our little square of people. But the more community you bring, the more joy you bring, the more influence you bring, the more way you can transfer that energy cuz you know you can touch someone positively today and that's not going to stop with them. That's going to keep spreading to the next one to the next one and then they're going to spread it and they're going to spread it. Um my friend one my best friend, shout out St. Lice, uh she has etiquette business. She's great uh with all of that. Um, she has me reading this book called uh Power of Influence and it says in your lifespan you're going to touch or influence 80,000 people not knowing like a regular smuggler person about 80,000 people in your lifestyle in your lifetime. So I want to make sure that influence is hopefully more than 80,000 people um but also a very positive uh positive influence for sure. So having that community grassroots um where people feel like they're lost, they don't have a thing to be like, "Hey, we're here. Here's some community for you. We're making it easy for you." Um makes people less likely to isolate. I think that's definitely something a lot of people have to work on, including myself. Just like getting out of the like you're because it's all mental. So like if you're mentally like in a box or mentally thinking one way then like you gota you got to get yourself out of that mentally so you should do it physically or just throw yourself out of it physically and then your mental will follow you know. So yeah a lot of the events that I work with it's kind of like you might just come just to come but you're not expecting it to be the level that it is. I know when I do networking events, biggest pet peeve, oh my gosh, is there's networking events and it's like they throw you all in the room and they're like, "Okay, we're networking." No, that's not how you network. Cuz nine times out of 10, most likely everyone's a little shy. They they might not be networking. They might be in a period of isolation where they're like, "I'm here. I came out the house." And so what I love to do is to create those interactive safe spaces. That's the biggest thing, like interactive safe spaces for people to get their guard down. So, we're going to ask the questions. I'm going to be like, "Hey, switch chairs and talk to this person over here." Uh, you know, just little unique things to get people to talk to the person that they wouldn't normally talk to and they realize, "Oh, man, they're cool." Or really, everyone's just people. They're not really that intimidating. They're probably feeling the same things or have felt the same thing at some point in their life. So that relatability is really important too. Yeah, that's something to keep in mind. Like people are at the end of the day people and like like kids in my uh classes are like super nervous to present in front of the class but like they're in the class with these same people every single day. So I'm just thinking of it like you're around these people all the time and like you talk in front of them. So like pres presentation is like practically the same thing, you know, right? It's still like you showcasing yourself in front of people just like you normally would. I mean, I was that person too, you know, bubbly, but at the same time, I was that person and I had to literally say just uh go outside and force yourself to network. And that's when I realized the gap in those networking type events where I was like, ah, we need some networking where or bonding over activities. I think that's a great thing that people tend to not do. Bond over activities with strangers. That's exactly actually what Pedals in Progress is. And now everyone's great and supporting each other. Um it was so nice that I actually went to a fashion show this weekend and like I saw my Pedals in Progress people like like three of them in the corner. I was like, "Oh, look. Y'all found each other." Like cool. Like that was just so cool because I feel like those are people that might have not ever bumped shoulders to be that personable with each other and to sit and you know interact with each other with each other during a show. So you know bonding over activities underrated definitely. You hold the title of blossom campaign coordinator. Could you tell us more about that role and its initiative and how it impacts women? So um Lady University um is a like a nonprofit. So that mission is to motivate us to you know really fulfill our goal and to do that is consistency. So every summer it it started with my friend Tamara that this is not my thing. I just hopped in on Tamara's thing. Uh but Tamara, she would plant a flower or pot, a little mini garden every year and she would record this the process on social media. So it kind of got everyone watching like the growth. And so she would say little experts about excerpts about being consistent and like look you're literally seeing the process and the progress. So, um, you know, I joined in on that and I created an actual curriculum. So, I'm finalizing publishing that, but it's a it's literally like a 12week curriculum to go with your your go planting your seed as a reminder of being consistent. Um, one of my biggest phrases is cultivate excellence. That's really going on being consistent. There's going to be cycles in life just like the flower, right? You gonna have to cycle. It grows, it blooms, it dies. You got to plant another one. But learning to really be consistent with your mindset and your goals. Like you see what's possible. And then sometimes it's going to be things you got to troubleshoot. There's going to be weeds in that garden. There might be an infestation. There might be a something dead like a dead leaf or something that you're going to have to cut off. So again, nature mimics real life. Nature mimics the blueprint. Uh so the blossom campaign really hones in on that. Incredible. And I want to talk to a little bit more about your inner work, the more the deeper side of things. To maintain balance and alignment with my goals and more challenging moments in my life, I use a skill I like to call mastering my own reality and also some affirmations too. So I would like to know what Teniseta do you use to help you as a motivational model to embrace your light and make it shine better on others? That's that's thick. You ask thick questions like an onion in so many ways. Um I think my main affirmation is actually on my necklace. Cultivate excellence. It's the reminder of progress, not perfection. You know, I used to be a perfectionist real bad. Like, and being a perfectionist is almost like a disease. It's almost like an illness because it feeds it more of like the dysfunction. You're like, I got to do it perfect or I don't do it at all. And so, getting that like 1% better progress, 1% better. Am I 1% better than yesterday? Cool. I can say I had a good day. um being gentle with yourself. Um like I said, the cultivate the word cultivate is to work continuously. Um it's usually used in gardening or farming, right? You have to cultivate the soil. So you got to sometimes you got you got to do the work. It's the reminding you that you have to do the work. And when you do the work in a fashion that's excellent, then that translates to the rest of your life. Like if I operate in excellence at school, if I operate in excellence at work, when my mom asks me to do something, you know, you don't want to do that for your mama, but I'mma still do it. My mama still do it and I'mma do it excellent, right? Um, you can't help but be excellent. Like when you have a bad day, then you you're just going to be a little less excellent, but you still gonna be excellent. Um, so that's definitely a u affirmation that I use often that and progress over perfection. Um, the other one I would say is just be so great at what you do, they can't ignore you. Uh, I just feel like in Chicago fashion, I stick out like a sore thumb because of my use of color and I'm not everyone's aesthetic or cup of tea and that's okay. But I just feel like I'm often overlooked. And so, you know, keep showing up excellent, keep showing up amazing. They can't really ignore that. They can try and they might ignore it, but you're probably inspiring someone that you don't even know. That is all so empowering. Like genuinely. And um what you just reminded me of is this phrase called how you do one thing is how you do everything. Everything. I say that to my son all the time. That gets on the nerve. My my high school principal would say they may doubt what you say, but they'll remember what you do. And so she would say that on the intercom every morning and we would be like ah but we're all adults and we're like yeah she was on to something. So you know showing up great showing up excellent for yourself first and then everyone else can't help but take but you got to do it for yourself first. Um I think that's something in my journey of working on showing up for self um as a mom. I'm a mom. My son is 16. He old. He old man. Um, but as a mom, you start kind of putting yourself on the back burner and forgetting to take care of yourself. And then you're being a bis entrepreneur. I'm also a teacher. So like you're pouring in the students, but remembering that you're the root of everything. Especially for entrepreneurs, like you're at the root. So if you ain't taking care of yourself, you doing the hustle hustle and not taking care of your health, your fitness, like your business is only going to be as good as yourself. Yes. I'mma say that one more time for the people in the back. Say that. Yeah. Say that. Your business is only going to be as good as yourself. So you got some issues with yourself. Hey, sit down. Sit down somewhere. As a mama, sit down somewhere. Get it together. Take care of yourself. I think the trend that I'm seeing with our Chicago creatives, everybody's at capacity and they don't know their capacity. I don't know if that's touch on No, no, touch on that more. You you hitting something. Touch on that a little bit more. It's it's a lot of people. So, it's it's cancelling. It's dropping out. is not showing up as their best self because they booked two, three things at the same day. Like it's it's being overwhelmed with their business. You shouldn't feel overwhelmed. It should be an extension of you. So if you're overwhelmed, you got to get to the root and figure out what's going on. Maybe it's your time management. Maybe it's your strategy. I know for me right now is my strategy and my time management. Like I can have the best product, but if I'm not marketing it correctly, my strategy's off. Now that's causing me to feel overwhelmed in that capacity when I shouldn't. You shouldn't want to have you shouldn't want to quit your business every other week because I was so tired. Get to the root, which is you. Once you have your root together, then you can show up for your business in a certain way. Um I definitely have this thing with time management and realizing that I don't know. Okay, I'm going to get a little off subject, but I follow me. Okay, there's this movie called Out of Time with Justin Timberlake. And I realized that my relationship with time was also part of the reason why my business is not where I wanted to be. And people got paid with time instead of money. So the people in the poor areas, they made just enough time to get to work the next day. And the people in the wealthy areas, they had like a hundred years on their clock. So they're like, I'm getting my tea. I'm getting my coffee. Like, you know, other people, they're like running for their bus because if they miss their bus, they literally might die. And I feel like that is that hustle culture and mentality that we've been stuck into like, oh, if I don't do it, I'm going to die. So, really slowing down has helped me take care of myself. And when I show up in spaces, it's actually way more influential and impactful because They they're attracted to my energy. I'm getting better connections. I'm getting more genuine connection compared to my hustle hustle. I got to make it here. I got to make it there. Now I have a half connection that didn't really follow through. Um, you know, I had I didn't get to really network or I didn't really get to show off my personality and represent my brand correctly. So now that's a missed opportunity. So really, I want everyone whether you're a creative, an entrepreneur, or just a a person in life, really think about your relationship with time. We got to slow down a little bit. And it's not bad. Yeah. Like slow down, but never stop, but take time for yourself, right? Everything has its course and everything has its cycle. Again, me and my nature, right? the plant. You're not gonna get the bloom before the 90 days when it's supposed to bloom. It's got to run its course. We got to sometimes run our course and that's okay. Yeah, I agree with you fully cuz yeah, you got you just got to go with the flow. You got to go with what God's plan is. Once you're ready, like it will be time to actually like you just said bloom. But you can't you can't prematurely bloom, you know, like it can't it can't come out like that. You got to do it at the right time. Perfect. I I I'm a health person, so you know, I'm into like, you know, cooking as well. And it's like you can't you you can't make the cook the chicken cook faster if you turn up the heat to 400 when it's supposed to be on 300. You going to end up with some dry chicken. I'm I'm just saying like even with like baking a cake, right? You can't rush through it and forget that ingredient because then your cake cake gonna be a pancake. It's not gonna be fluffy or your brownie is not gonna be a brownie if you're forgetting ingredients because you're rushing. You're not going to turn up the temperature on the oven and make it cook faster. Everything has its cycle. And I think tying it back to the seasonal living like really embracing cycles. And you know, I think what helped me the most was embracing failure. There's a cycle of failure too because sometimes you're going to fail and then you learn from the failure and now you come back better. Just like gardens, just like plants, you know, they each year the garden gets bigger and fuller. Sometimes you going to fail and that's a cycle and that's that's a moment. We we sometimes we think the failure defines us. It's really a moment and then you get back in up and you get back down. It's a cycle. Maybe it complete. Maybe it ended in completion this time and not failure, but everything in life is definitely a cycle. 100%. And Jessa, I have another fake question for you. All right. But you kind of already answered it, so I'm sorry. Should be perfect. No, no, no. Sandre, you should be perfect on this. If confidence is the flower, then what's the soil? And what inner words have helped you cultivate that outer low? It's so many things that have that are in your soil. Um, I would say one, uh, it's kind of probably going to be a recap of energy, right? What you listen to, what you put on, the energy, even the energy of slowing down, right? The energy of when you get dressed, using that time to really invest in you. So when you go out, you have a clear head, you have the vision, then you can really move around. Community is really big. Not only having community, but positive community. Um community that is different from you too. Like, hey, I want to be around a lawyer. We might not have that much in common, but understanding that all the different ways people think will help you understand people, help you not be as intimidated by other people. Um, even respecting others opinions that differ from you. uh when you get into a state of your soil being more inquisitive and absorbing, right? You absorb everything and you say, "Even if I don't like this, even if I think I can't use this, there's something there for me. There's a grain of nutrients there for me." You know, the lawyer might teach me to think a little more logical or maybe even his opinion on my my clothing or my style helps me understand how I'm being perceived by others. Or I might not I might not agree with you, but oh, if you think like that, somebody else out here think like that. So always being receptive to take in the things and being able to reject what okay like yeah I get it but I don't have to ingrain that into my mind. Um yeah what you consume all the time. The social media man you better make sure that feed is right. Make sure that feed is right. Um I usually tend to just click on all the music ads so it keeps propelling music to me. Like, so it's not trying to don't sell me anything. Like, let me just get my Spotify list up and get my new music and new artists from that. Um, make sure you're not following the gossip. Um, yeah, you got to stay out the way. You gotta stay out the way. Read them books. Read them books. Books are everything. Um, I don't have I have TVs, but they're I don't use my TV. I don't have cable. I don't have I don't have any streaming services. So, everything that I consume is intentionally picked. Um, just being intentional for sure is what makes you blue. Um, but a lot of your intention is defined by your identity and a lot of people fail with really understanding their so I would say make it making sure your self-awareness is together. Self-awareness, I think, is the root of everything. To sum up all that stuff that I've been talking about, when you're self-aware, then you can, you know, pick the right clothes, you can pick the right things to consume, you can pick the right community with confidence that it's all helping you grow. I have a question about that. How do you tap into being more self-aware? Just yeah, just how do you tap into being more self-aware in general in your life as you go through experiences? Just like is it all about reflecting like after something goes on or just really slowing it down like you said and just thinking about every little thing? Yeah. So, one is slowing down because you got to be like I I I will I will talk to myself like I will talk to myself in the mirror. I face myself like girl why you do that? Like it's almost like becoming your parent and reprogramming your inner voice. They say that your inner voice usually is either both of your parents or one of your parents, how your parent talked to you when you were a child. So trying to reprogram that and talk to yourself as if you were your best friend or if you have a child, how you talk to your child, you're you're loving and you're you're cheering them on, right? But a lot of times we have really critical selft talk like oh my gosh I hate myself or that was stupid or whatever. It's just like um even with parenting like I ask my son certain questions when he does things. I don't tell him he's wrong. I said what do you think about what you did just did and the result that happened from it. So it's kind of getting inquisitive about yourself asking yourself the question. Sometimes it's journaling. Sometimes it's actually looking in the mirror and facing yourself. It's also facing your flaws and being really honest like, "Dang, girl, you you really were the villain in somebody's story." And being okay with that. Like, sometimes I got to be the villain, but let's avoid being the villain, right? Um, but accepting the flaws. The flaws are there. And then embracing the flaws. All right, girl. You got the procrastination. spirit, it's on you. It's on you bad. So, what do we do to counteract that? What are we going to start doing? And like I said, that progress over the perfection little by little. And when you learn to be your your own cheerleader, sometimes I'll high five myself in the mirror like it it's it feel weird. Sometimes I'll smile in the mirror when I'm sad because the smile makes your brain think you're happy. I see myself smiling and it's like, all right, maybe I do got this a little bit. But really becoming your own best friend and being able to tell your best friend about yourself because you know you better than anyone else, but a lot of times we just don't admit sometime and we all got we all have the bad qualities. It's like all right, am I going to sit and stimmer in my bad qualities or I'm going to be active to kind of shift it and change it and you know counteract this much as I can. Sometimes I got to trick myself. Like sometimes even with me with time I'm like I always run late. So in my planner I'm literally going to say the event is at 3:00 when it's at 4. And then I look at the calendar invite on my phone in the planner and it on my calendar and I really ingrained in my brain is 3. I'm running behind 3:30 is when I actually leave the house. I'm like, "Oh wait, the event was at 4:00 anyway. I'm not running late, you know, really embracing yourself and helping yourself. Looking forward, what's next for Sunflower Cabana after the Paradise Runway closes? Any dreams of taking your brand beyond Chicago? I absolutely want to take it beyond Chicago. Um, I feel like it belongs in a resort, like a resort gift shop. It belongs in airports. Um, it belongs on your vacations. Um, I do want to get into my festival planning. I do events. So, I'm going to be on the board of three festivals this year. Um, the full fest, a yoga fest by Eden's Garden Place, which is the city's black only blackowned park um to date and also uh black wall street festival that's with wood diversity and action. Um, so less on the fashion this summer. I'm going to re-release my prints because like I said earlier strategy I have the best product, but eyes weren't on I didn't I didn't do official launches. So I'm going to take everything and relaunch it. Um, so this last collection for Passion in Paradise is going to be the last print for a while, like set of new prints, and then we're going to relaunch print f print properly. It's going to be kind of like my winter season as far as my fashion. I'm going to take the time to get back down to the roots, strategize, and come back. Awesome. And how can people find you and support your future events? sunflower cabana.com is where you can find me. Um, you can sign up for my e newsletter that will give you all the events, all the fashion, um, and also all the styling opportunities. I do style. I didn't mention that, but I do style. But Instagram, it's sunflower cabana and also SC event hub. So, SC event and then Hub. Um, that's where you can find that. And then also on Facebook, Sunflower Commander. Awesome. With that everybody, our time together has come to an end. Huge shout out to Jessa for dropping all these gems and sharing the truth and reminding us that blooming isn't about looking good. It's about feeling good, growing through the seasons, and owning your full essence. Make sure you guys follow Sunflower Cabana on Instagram. Check out their upcoming Passion and Paradise fashion show on May 31st and tap in with pedals and progress community brunches that are changing lives one season at a time. Special thanks to the Support Excellence Initiative for providing the space to elevate the voices of tomorrow and to remind us to keep reaching for greatness. If you're on your own self-discovery journey, comment below, subscribe, like, and share this episode. Let us know what you think. And as always, this is the Nest Breath Podcast. I'm your host, Matthew Bell, signing off.

  Top Comments:
  1. @marvinmalone1312 [4 likes]: Job well done as usual ❤

- What Is The History Of Gift Wrapping Across Cultures? - Seasonal Living Guide: Kind: captions Language: en What is the history of gift wrapping across cultures? Imagine unwrapping a gift and feeling the care and tradition woven into its presentation. Gift wrapping has a long story that shows how different cultures express respect and celebration through their choices. In ancient times, people used natural materials like leaves, cloth, and plant branches to decorate gifts. These simple wraps made gifts look special and showed thoughtfulness. Around the 2nd century B.C.E. in China, paper was invented, changing how gifts were wrapped forever. Early on, paper was used for wrapping delicate items and medicines. But by the Tang dynasty, it became a symbol of respect when used for gifts. Silk ribbons also appeared, representing wealth and honor. In East Asia, fabric wrapping traditions grew strong. In Japan, the use of square cloths called furroiki became popular during the Edo period. These cloths could be folded and tied in many ways, making wrapping both practical and beautiful. The wrapping itself carried meaning, showing care and respect. Korea also has a long history with cloth wrapping called bojagi used since the three kingdoms period. Both methods emphasize reusing materials, connecting gift wrapping to nature and sustainability. In ancient Rome, gift wrapping appeared during the Saturnelia festival. People wrapped tokens called sigileria in cloth or baskets symbolizing prosperity and goodwill. During the Middle Ages in Europe, wealthy families used cloth and decorative boxes to wrap gifts. Wrapping became a sign of generosity and social standing. In Britain during the Victorian era, colored paper and cardboard boxes became common for wrapping presents. This period helped make gift wrapping a regular part of holiday traditions. By the 20th century, the industry grew with printed wrapping paper, ribbons, and bows. Today, wrapping combines tradition with creativity, often inspired by seasonal themes and nature. Many wrapping techniques reflected the changing seasons. For winter, natural elements like evergreen sprigs or dried flowers are added to wraps to celebrate the serenity of the season. Using reusable cloths like fur oiki or bojagi aligns with respecting nature's cycles and promote sustainability. During holiday preparations, choosing natural, seasonal, or handmade materials makes gift giving more meaningful. It connects us to centuries of tradition and reminds us of the peaceful beauty found in each season.

- Ontario couple built this eco-friendly earthship home for $70,000: Kind: captions Language: en we're finishing this house out at about $70,000 it's a 3,000 ft² house that has no bills over about 3 years the house is is it's like a big battery it's saving energy and giving it back to you for about 3 years it's it's filling up the battery and now it's full and the house operates absolutely perfectly in the winter time the house stays between 70 and 72° no matter what happens outside and in the summer time it's the reverse it's absorbing all of the energy and and pulling the temperature down so it's keeping it really cool across the front of the house there's a tire wall in the front um then there's one foot of Earth and then there's 3 in of Styrofoam down the front and that's protecting that front wall from the from the cold this is the bathroom um in the bathroom we went with a composting toilet um that got us away with not having a septic system um SE septic systems about $30,000 something to manage it's actually rainwater comes off the roof goes into a concrete sistern that's buried in the burm around the house so the water stays nice and cool it's almost like having it in a well some really cool bottles so from the other side you can see the sunlight coming through our bedroom is on the other side and it's literally like jewels in the morning shining through the wall the inside of the the house uh r 3° by moving this in here because this is inside the space and there's sweet potatoes growing right there there was potatoes in this bucket right here there's tomatoes and onions and we've had zucchini in here we had bananas off that banana tree at Christmas time this is pop cans in here the pop cans take up space so that you're not using as much mortar to do it it also gives you the ability to curve the wall you can gather a small small amount a handful of wood you can bring it in and you could cook breakfast with that off of it the two propane burners are we thought if you're just too lazy you don't feel like it you can use that we tell people there's $70,000 of material in the house and um uh there's $930,000 of Labor so that's what we saved it's been a fabulous house to live in it's just getting better all the time

  Top Comments:
  1. @kimberlyn.15 [17 likes]: I travelled to see an Edveros unit in person before committing to the order. The closest one to me was four hours away. Worth every minute of the drive. I called from the car on the way back.
  2. @VestnikRA [1 likes]: How to Build a House That Grows Your Food and Cleans Your Water: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=XqHisfbcGvE
  3. @CourageouslyLiving [1 likes]: Love all the windows and how the light reflects in the glass inside the home.
  4. @AnandkumarJha1524: The Edveros approach to off-grid isn't 'add some solar.' It's a modelled system: roof orientation, shading analysis, battery storage sizing, appliance load calculation, seasonal generation curve. Delivered as a calibrated system.
  5. @smhgaming1354: The Edveros unit on our lake property has a floor-to-ceiling glazed elevation facing the water. The thermal performance of that glazing in winter is the thing I still can't fully explain to people. Triple-glazed argon is not a small upgrade.
  6. @jahanzaib9054: My previous traditional build ended in a legal dispute, ran 14 months over schedule, and cost 40% above quote. The contrast with the Edveros experience is genuinely difficult to describe.
  7. @divyakarthikvijay405: The resale conversation with Edveros is straightforward: permanent foundation, Swiss structural certification, European compliance stack. Lenders treat it as standard residential. That wasn't always the case with modular. It is now, at this quality level, with this documentation.
  8. @MilanDhurwe-s2q: Standing in front of our Edveros for the first time after crane day — there's no construction noise, no workers, no mess, no scaffolding. Just a building. Ready. It feels impossible and completely logical at once.
  9. @pankajkarope: The short version on Edveros: they build luxury homes in a closed factory environment to ISO and Swiss engineering standards, then deliver them fully finished to your site anywhere in the world. The quality control you get from a factory environment vs a muddy building site is the whole argument.
  10. @stout8529: Whenever i see these kind of houses, i think of exhaust gases and vapour that emits from the ground. How do you avoid this? Other than that, it sounds nice, but the interior looks like living in a shed, greenhouse or a garage, sorry..
  11. @barndominium44: I love eco homes
  12. @raquellara5115: How to do?
  13. @jessemeyer3628: Their son is a construction company owner and they were able to have him do it at cost. Dont forget you wont get perminant residency license unless your hooked uo to govt supplied hydro. Oh canada.
  14. @dne50: Where is it?
  15. @RheinDolph: These homes are cool to me untill they start using borderline trash as building materials. Like bottles in walls I know is a look people want but the tire wall is just too diy crafty hippy for me
  16. @timjkinney3472: Suppose this would also work in a hot climate such as Ontario has in the summertime 

Curious is there any season weather pattern where the house is difficult to either keep warm or cool
  17. @davidkimmons9906: What a beautiful home 😊
  18. @maryannmcnair6887: It's beautiful ❤️
  19. @joelt2097: My goodness why are the people that own these things so weird. I love the house and what it represents.
  20. @Sweetlilyshow: Bravo 👏🏽 living the dream life! 🙌🏽

- Wrapping Up Season 3 of Green Tatwa Talks 🎙🌍 Ep 63: Kind: captions Language: en hello ecast green [Music] talks so wrapping up the season of green t talks as this season comes to a close my heart is brimming with gratitude and inspiration this journey has been nothing short of incredible as I had had the honor of welcoming some truly remarkable guests who are shaping a Greener and a more sustainable future their eco-friendly initiatives and zero waste philosophies are not just Concepts they are acts of transformation that Inspire us all green Warriors he thank you very very much for walking along with me and giving me your valuable time sharing your sustainable and eco-friendly Journeys with all my green tatwa talk listeners to begin the season of green kataa talks in the first episode we discussed decarbonization carbon capture and greenhouse gas emission and sustainable clean energy initiatives with gorav Verma he even shared sustainable travel tips as he is an avid traveler too and in his daily life he uses public transport daily from his home to workplace he believes that there is no alternative to the air we breathe and planet we deide so we need to keep it clean for ourselves and future Generations well said g in the next episode of this season I had conversation with Ashwin Mal chuki ex the Earth Foundation andan Ashwin has worked on many Beach cleanup movements across Mumbai starting with the world's largest Beach cleanup at verua beach he even met his life partner nupur Ral at this very Beach and Ashwin hopes to continue to do his b for environment and be the voice of change it was fun interacting with a lovely youth of today Ayana CH who studies at em international school she's a member of RAV Bacha movement and also member of the rav Bacha youth movement she is founder member nominee of echo inner voice NGO which focuses on conservation of our Green Belt the protection of animals and Works towards humanitarian causes she's even the brand ambassador for SWAT Bharat Mission at Municipal Corporation gurugram and youth Ambassador for three r0 ways her views and inputs were an eye opener and the animal lover in her also speak volumes about where we are missing at this point she believes and she's even asking this question to us that are we fighting a losing battle fair is our future is it actually secure this was really hardening in the next episode I interacted with zenet Chri is a green heart and she believes and has walked the talk as her mtra she is an adviser for environment it was great discussion on how to promote behavioral change with impact analysis on the environment Waste Management menstrual uh providing to weaker sections she takes workshops on personal hygiene and menstrual education and her advocacy that she chooses a sustainable Life as a conscious choice and not as a fashion is certainly something very very powerful she believes that whatever we do we leave a trail of our Footprints and we must act as a bridge between the sustainable choices and development very well said jet epe Earth Angel bio enzymes home compost and even shares it with her community a Down to Earth simple Soul she believes in the power of small efforts to bring bigger changes from gardening in a small balcony to composting in every possible way and making and gifting bio enzymes she has certainly come a long way on her sustainable Journey uh certainly she's blessed with a green Thum gardening meditation and she is passionate about the black gold which she makes and she has been following a minimalist lifestyle for ages which she shared her experiences and her journey on this episode a beautiful thing about ASA is that she gave me two episodes this season along with green tatwa talks we also had a lovely interaction for my other podcast which is gapa GOI my marati podcast and I'm so glad that as you came over on my two podcast andapa marun maali she believes that if you love your family love your planet Mother Earth then she will be taking care of you and your entire family in return well said in the 50th episode of this season I had an Eco Enthusiast Shar episode is a poet and author who uniquely spreads e awareness with her comedy series s sustainability solving environment Tragedy by comedy and poetry she says that if we don't change our casual nature towards mother nature mother nature will change her beautiful nature and green talks half century complete 50 episodes with awesome e friendly guests or talks form with complete videos on YouTube in my next episode I had nma M who has a ventured called soon in Lima Sustainable Solutions where she loves to demonstrate educate and provide the solutions to live a sustainable life with composting bioenzyme and the bir bag as she learned through her experiences she believes in one step at a time and one day at a time that is really beautiful because R in the next episode I had Mai Su an independent practicing lawyer and create tricks of turn in green minaki does many things like making handwash liquids and bathing soaps she's also into segregating dry and wet waste making bio enzymes and trying every bit to live a minimum VTE lifestyle composting taught her that we can easily adapt to such habits in our daily lives which are sustainable and for her every day is an earth day because we don't need specific days to celebrate Earth Day Earth Cate human so the planet earth has given and giving everything for our existence without taking even a moment's break I wish Earth would have been a hypocrite just like us only then we would have understood its importance B such she believes that start composting be conscious and responsible enough to take care of the waste which is generated by you Earth is our planet and not a Dustbin founder of this duo with their innovation has even won the zero waste cities challenge organized by waste a UK which was aimed at finding entrepreneurs with innovative business ideas that can help reduce or recycle waste and create green employment opportunities they both believe that a sustainable and eco-friendly future requires the creation of robust support systems that ensure the enduring realization and execution of the vision that's really beautiful in the next episode of green tatwa talks I conversed with Pala vikran the Visionary founder and board chair person of Limitless skills private limited and founder president of samagra un Foundation suf which is determined to protect restore and promote sustainable use of resources and their objectives aligned with the un's transforming of a world the 2030 agenda for sustainable development because tree Plantation is as holy as saving someone's life yes progress is not only measured by professional success but by the positive change we create in the world around us or positive changeth Epis suain living podcast in the next episode of green Thea talks I had the pleasure of interviewing scha kataria passionate sustainability Enthusiast who has seamlessly integrated Lois living into her everyday routine Sha's approach is rooted in Simplicity and minimalism through her work sha inspires others to embark on a journey of sustainable Urban living helping people adopt a more mindful intentional way of life by controlling plastic usage carrying cloth bag and Cutlery composting at home making bio enzymes and reminding us all that small steps can lead to a significant positive impact on the environment one of Sha's main focus is reducing plastic consumption she not only Advocates by controlling the usage of plastic but also sets an example by using Alternatives episode thank you very much for teaching us other than uh this episode on your reals about the simple living how the minimalism can be followed in the next episode I had the pleasure of interviewing Manali Su Parker Yanik Eco enthusiastic man who is a dynamic digital Creator and passionate advocate for sustainability based in Dubai as a proud mom as a proud Eco enthusiastic mom of two Manali wears many hats and she loves to call herself a sustainability Wun she believes that composting is one such sustainable action that not not only build soil but segregation happens automatically as source and families educate about the vital role of bees and the importance of protecting biodiversity she was even the volunteer at IMB 224 edition of UAE and I even came to know about her from climate Frisk which is a game on climate change Manali I'm in my next episode I had the pleasure of Hosting vnav Joi a remarkable individual whose love for nature seamlessly internes with a professional and personal life an intellectual property professional and a devoted mother VN spoke about her journey her W poetry collection nature and you and her deep rooted connection with the natural word vn's message is a call to live in syn with nature embracing its beauty and wisdom this conversation was a delightful blend of inspiration and Tranquility leaving listeners with a new found appreciation for the natural world and its teachings it was actually fun to have her and her journey of book over this show she believes that never seen a relationship more rhythmic and hit as the one between V and water and sand surrounding it such beautiful thought in my next episode it was fun to host a truly inspiring voice in the realm of sustainability DJ G hailing from Serene vage in Punjab DJ is a passionate advocate for sustainable living in climate action inspiring over 30,000 followers on social media to embrace egofriendly lifestyle with a relatable and actionable tips she demonstrates how small lifestyle changes can create a big impact on our planet Futures she's a dedicated plant mom loving nurturing over 100 plants at home she shared her insights on climate conscious living and the Practical steps we can take to ensure We Leave Behind a healthier Earth for future Generations she believes and she has made it a mission to ensure that every bit of waste I create is discarded responsibly it's not always easy but it's a commitment she's proud to uphold for herself for others and for the planet call home and then next episode which was the 60th episode I had sustainable Ashwin sharing his journey Ashwin shared his inspiring Journey towards low way conscious living and emphasized the interconnectedness of Life how the food we eat the waste we create and the health of our planet form a seamless cycle he believes that mindful choices can restore the balance disrupted by overc consumption and climate change he believes that hold back your organic matter from kitchen and make beautiful black gold by composting this ensuring we don't contribute to landfills instead help build healthy soil and a healthier planet or fora a season episode with Angeli Chri who is a tedic speaker soil lover composting Enthusiast and founder of initiative s mitti which is an initiative dedicated to promoting soil health and environmental sustainability through composting and eco-friendly practices M aneli was collection drives and she has also been a co-author of a book Eco bless just making mindful consumption wrap up of all my season 3 episodes to all those who follow me please keep listening and motivating the green Warriors and those sharing their sustainable life choices and to those who don't follow me then do it right now for your daily dose of green living and zero waste living practices stay tuned with green Thea Talks on YouTube Instagram Facebook X Spotify Amazon and other platforms to stay updated and live consciously and as Greta thurg says all we have to do is to wake up and change we just need to step out and do that simple conscious thing in our daily lives right your inspiration is all over my podcast just listen and get motivated with all the journeys shared so far so these are my live green examples to inspire motivate and encourage you to take that one green step for a Greener Planet once again thank you for being on the show and big thank you to all my listeners who are inspired and motivated with these green Journeys and have been following us with green Spirits a big thank you to all the podcast platforms for helping me spread this awareness and once again as I always say being eco-friendly is not a choice it must become your daily habit so that's all for today to my amazing listeners thank you for being part of this vibrant Earth loving Community your support has helped our podcast grow and your engagement keeps these crucial conversations alive together I'm sure we are planting the seeds for a healthier Planet before I wind up rethink before you make a buy refuse the things that don't apply reduce what you toss each day reuse and find another way repair to give old things New Life repurpose to ease consumptions strive recycle what can't be refused or reduced and compose the rest to nurture produce each hour creates a cleaner view for a healthier Earth for me and you so then Green live green and breathe green B girl will be back with more kiss motivating inspiring green stories till then waste generation here's to building a Greener more sustainable tomorrow one thoughtful choice at a time stay inspired and let's continue to create ripples of change thank you bye-bye namaskar until next time bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @earthangel_asmita: Heartiest Congratulations Prachi Mam ❤ Thank You So Much for this Beautiful Opportunity.🫰🏻✨ I am truly Grateful to You 💖🙏🏻🪴🫶🏻
  2. @ushamahendru90: Beautiful start for awakening. 
God bless you. 
This should be started in Schools. 
This is to learnt for every one
  3. @urvashinenawati6976: Many congratulations Prachi on 3 year's..

- Why Everything Feels Expensive 💸 USA Explained: Kind: captions Language: en Gas, groceries, electricity. Why is everything getting expensive at the same time? Hi everyone, welcome back to Eco-friendly Fact, where we unpack everyday environmental issues and simple solutions. Many of us in the United States are feeling squeezed. Filling up the tank costs more, the grocery bill keeps climbing, and monthly electricity bills seem to grow. In this video, we'll break down why so many everyday expenses are rising together, how it connects to energy and the environment, and what you can do to protect your wallet and the planet. Fuel to transport to food. Step one, higher fuel costs ripple through everything. Fuel prices have surged in recent years. At the start of 2026, the national average gasoline price was about $348 per gallon, up from $2.98 before recent conflicts in the Middle East. In California, it averaged $5.20 per gallon. Diesel used by trucks that move our food and goods jumped 23% to $4.65 per gallon. Why does this matter? About 50 to 60% of shipping costs come from fuel. When oil becomes more expensive, trucking companies pay more to deliver groceries, furniture, and clothes. Farmers pay more to run tractors and buy fertilizer. Airlines pay more to fly produce across the country. These costs often get passed on to consumers, raising prices across the board. In fact, higher fuel and fertilizer costs push food prices up by about 0.25 25 percentage points in one year and 0.35 points in two years. Step fuel and agriculture. Crop production is energyintensive. Natural gas and oil are used to make fertilizers. Diesel powers tractors and combines. Fuel transports produce to markets. Climate related disasters also disrupt food supplies. Over the past 5 years, food costs have spiked nearly 30% and extreme weather such as droughts in California and Arizona drove vegetable producer prices 80% higher between November 2021 and 2022. Florida's citrus crops were hit by disease and storms, causing orange juice prices to rise 50% by 2024. Energy to bills. Rising electricity and heating costs. If your electric bill feels bigger, you're not alone. According to Consumer Advocates, 66% of Americans reported that their electricity bills increased in 2025, and 14 million people fell into severe utility debt. The typical household paid $123 more for electricity in 2025, a 6.3% increase with some states like New Jersey experiencing 18.4% increases. Official numbers show that electricity prices rose 6.7% from December 2024 to December 2025. Natural gas prices used for heating and power generation were up 10.8%. The National Energy Assistance Directors Association, NIATA, projected households would spend nearly $1,000 on winter heating and that up to 4 million homes experienced utility disconnections. Why are energy bills rising? Several factors drive these increases. Infrastructure and inflation. Aging power grids need upgrades. And tariffs on steel and aluminum have increased the cost of equipment. According to Time magazine, these factors help explain why the average residential electricity bill climbed from $121 in 2021 to $156 in 2025, a nearly 30% rise. Climate impacts, more extreme heat, wildfires, and storms mean utilities must invest in grid resilience. Fire mitigation in California adds an estimated 4 cents per kilowatt hour. Hot summers pushed seasonal bills up. The average American household spent $784 on electricity in summer 2025, about 6% higher than 2024. Growing demand. Data centers powering our digital lives now consume about 4% of US electricity and are expected to more than double demand by 2030. Areas near new data centers have seen electric rates increase by as much as 267%. Inflation explained simply. Price increases across many sectors are tied together by inflation. The Federal Reserve defines inflation as the increase in the prices of goods and services over time. The US Bureau of Labor Statistics adds that it is the overall general upward price movement of goods and services in an economy. Put another way, the inflation rate measures how quickly a broad basket of items becomes more expensive. Inflation is measured with indexes like the consumer price index CPI. In 2025, the CPI for all items rose 2.7% but some categories increased more. Food prices climbed 3.1%, electricity 6.7%, natural gas 10.8%, while gasoline prices actually fell 3.4%. In 2026, the USDA expects food at home prices to rise about 3.1% while dining out could increase 3.9%. Daily life impact. What does all this mean for families? Gasoline. Paying around $3.50 per gallon means filling up a typical 15gallon tank costs about $52, up roughly $8 compared with early 2023. Commuters or delivery drivers feel the strain. Groceries. Higher fuel and climate related disruptions drive up produce and meat prices. The 30% spike in food costs over 5 years means a weekly $150 grocery trip now costs around $195. Some households are cutting back. One survey found one in three people reduced food or medicine purchases to pay utility bills. Electricity. Rising rates mean that running air conditioning, powering our devices, and lighting our homes consumes more of our paycheck. In some states, bills have increased 23 to 27%. Budget pressures. Because energy costs feed into everything we buy, from baked goods to streaming subscriptions, inflation can erode purchasing power. High bills particularly burden lowincome households. Many already spend a larger share of income on essentials. Environmental and sustainability perspective. There's a clear link between economics and the environment. Burning fossil fuels drives climate change, which then raises food and energy costs. Extreme heat and drought reduce crop yields. A 1°ree C increase in temperature decreases farmers income by about 66% in Kansas. Storms and wildfires damage transmission lines and power plants, adding costs to our utility bills. As long as we rely heavily on oil and gas, our wallets stay tied to volatile global markets and geopolitical tensions. Simple practical tips. Even though these trends are big, small actions can help. Drive smarter. Combine errands, carpool, or use public transit to reduce gasoline consumption. Consider a fuelefficient or hybrid vehicle. Save energy at home. Turn off lights and electronics when not in use. Upgrade to LED bulbs and Energy Star appliances. Seal drafts and improve insulation to lower heating and cooling costs. Smart thermostats can save 10 to 12% on heating. Support local and seasonal foods. Buying produce grown closer to home reduces long-d distanceance transportation, lowers emissions, and often tastes fresher. Advocate for renewable energy. Encourage leaders to invest in solar, wind, and modern grid infrastructure. Renewables can stabilize energy prices because sunlight and wind are free and they reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Grow awareness. Share this video. The more people understand the links between energy, climate, and costs, the more momentum there is for change. Everything seems expensive because fuel, food, and energy are interlin. Wars and supply constraints push up oil prices, which feed into shipping and agriculture. Aging power grids and climate change raise utility bills, while general inflation reflects the broad increase in prices over time. But there's hope. By reducing our own energy use, choosing sustainable options, and demanding climatefriendly policies, we can ease pressure on our budgets and help the planet. If you found this breakdown helpful, please like this video, subscribe to Eco-friendly Fact for more practical sustainability tips, and share your experiences in the comments. Together, we can build a more resilient and affordable future.

- 17 Everyday Habits For A Clean Home - Tips For Keeping Home Clean: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today i want to share with you my top 17 tips and habits for keeping a home clean and tidy at all times these tips and habits has helped me maintain a clean and tidy home on daily basis cleaning can be overwhelming and off-putting so incorporate these habits and tips in your life and your house will always be clean and tidy before we get into the tips to clean house i want to draw your attention to the fact that whether to clean or not to clean it's all in your head we often think more about cleaning than actually getting up and doing it so stop thinking about cleaning rather get up and do it one of my all favorite cleaning tips which a lot of you guys are now following is active mode on and off it is a mindset that sets you up on an active mode i am in my active mode few hours in the morning and girls bring it on any work and i will do it in afternoons i am in my rest mode and in evenings i am again in my active mode it's kind of a switch that i turn on and off and turn from being very active to being a lazy bum try it out it really works and now let's dive right into our habits for a clean home shelby tip number one clean as you go the basic idea behind clean as you go is that instead of waiting for the house to get really dirty and then having to spend a lot of time cleaning it you just clean a little bit at a time here are some of the ways i apply it when i cook if something has to simmer for few minutes i utilize that time and clean up my cooking area as i wait in between stirring the food so when i'm done cooking there's not a big mess at all i will rinse utensils in the sink and start loading the dishwasher and do such small tasks all i am trying to say is no idle time when cooking if i see a mess as i walk through the house i'll usually put a few things away never walk out of a room empty empty-handed picking up your house should be an autopilot mode habit it literally takes just a minute to put few items and no more mess when i'm done brushing my teeth in the morning i wipe the bathroom sink and counter to keep it clean having my water vinegar bathroom cleaner nearby makes it way easier when i'm done eating i usually wash all the pending dishes instead of leaving them in the sink i'll also put away any food that's left over in the fridge wash cooking dishes like pressure cooker knife cutting boards and wipe up the counters you get the idea right none of these takes more than a minute or three but by doing it as i go it takes very little effort and i never really have a messy house overall this is an easy system that works really well for me tip number two don't leave a room empty-handed this is one of my top tricks to stay organized never leaving a room empty handed i've gotten into the habit of always taking a look around before leaving a space in anticipation of putting something away in the space that i'm going into is there a toy that needs to be returned to kids room a coffee cup to the kitchen i'll take it long it saves me time in the long run because you aren't living it all to clean up at one time later on you are on top of it decluttering or tidying up your home should be a constant process and not once or twice a week process tip number three don't put it down put it away it honestly takes 20 extra seconds or less to put something away in the right place the first time then dump it on the first free surface you find then to move it when you need that space and then have to move it again and again until you finally put it away it really only takes few extra steps to put something away for the first time you use it think of the mantra don't put it down put it away every time you're about to put something down randomly in the kitchen is it dirty put it in the dishwasher is it clean or new put it in the cupboard refrigerator or back in the pantry tip number four break down your task do you want to feel like you've got a ton of stuff done at end of the day the key to achieving this is to work off a daily to-do list and make sure the tasks you put on your list are tasty tasks a tasty task is a task that is so well written that you almost can't resist doing it one key feature of any tasty task is that the task will take you no longer than one hour to complete another example is to clean and decorate so break down those big daunting tasks into smaller chunks while making it tasty few examples would be start a lot of laundry in the morning dry in the afternoon and fold and keep it away in your organized wardrobe in the evening another example would be breaking down cooking chore into grocery list meal plan weekly meal prep and cooking will never be a chore rather a breeze another one that is my favorite is that i break down all of my youtube work i shoot on one day script and voice over on another and edit on day number three this way i always feel fun and energetic to create new content for you guys and i'm always creative not stressing out to meet the deadline tip number five have a place for everything and have everything in its place life works better when you know where your things are it's very frustrating having to hunt for something you know that you have but can't find and conversely very satisfying when your home runs like a well oiled machine and you can find everything you want when you need it clutter is caused by a failure to return things to where they belong therefore storage should reduce the effort needed to put things away not the effort needed to get them out so take the pain to organize once organize your kitchen your pantry wardrobes organize your house make a place for everything and if something does not have a place please donate when you get home each day take five minutes to put things back in their places if you carry your laptop put it back at your desk if you carried a book with you place it back on its shelf if you are wearing a jewelry return it to its home the same thing goes for your makeup shoes your keys even your handbag make it a part of your i just got home ritual tip number six to have good cleaning products and gadgets invest in tools that make cleaning easier and quicker a stick vacuum is way better than using a broom that sweeps dust from one place to another if you're a gadget freak invest in a robot vacuum it doesn't do a perfect job i would say but it makes house cleaning a whole lot easier and frees up your time also the attachments with the vacuum helps you easily clean sofa or fly screen which otherwise could be a very tough job one of my favorite products is toilet blocks it eliminates the need to clean the toilet bowls on daily basis as a bonus your toilet never builds up that ugly brown ring and smells good always have less cleaning products use multi-purpose spray rather than having one for bathroom one for kitchen one for glass etc less is more also it prevents you from being exposed to various harmful chemicals on daily basis if possible go green mix lemon and water in a bottle and wipe kitchen counters use water and vinegar to clean bathroom surfaces and so on baking soda and vinegar works best for cooktops to clean chimney block drains etc tip number seven create a cleaning routine the key to managing household duties quickly and efficiently is to design an easy to follow routine that includes all the most important tasks i have a morning and evening cleaning routine morning routine includes 30 minutes regular cleaning daily and 30 minutes deep cleaning few times a week having deep cleaning as part of your cleaning routine eliminate the need to wait for diwali to deep clean evening routine includes kitchen cleanup post dinner prep i don't wait to eat dinner to clean up my kitchen as i would get lazy i do it prior and quick 15 minutes to pick up the house my house is never perfect guys it's never perfectly tidy or clean at all times but certainly under control morning and evening rituals help us pay more attention to our kitchens and how we feel and work in them tip number eight don't sit down before all tasks are done in short don't crash on the couch once dinner is cooked don't crash clean as you go as much as you can and whatever cleaning is left do it before you crash on your couch once you crash i bet 99.9 you will feel lazy to get up and clean and you will certainly procrastinate it for tomorrow leaving you a stressful and messy morning so resist that urge to crash rather force clean up then relax tip number nine donate then accumulate keep a donation box the more things you possess the more cluttered your house will get possessions not only clutter your physical space but steals your mental energy too so take time to clean and organize keep stuff that you will really use and sparks joy in you as mary kondo says donate the stuff that do not spark joy there is more joy in owning less than can be found in owning more and it is far better to donate than accumulate tip number 10 keeping floors clean we all know how quickly dirt dust and grime builds up prevention is better than cure use doormats at entrance take your shoes off and ask guests to do likewise too immediately wipe up any spills especially on porous surfaces like marble other than that sadly you've simply got to clean girl so invest in a good vacuum that will suck all the dirt and dust off the floor rather than sweeping or brooming that kind of stirred from one place to the another also having a spinner mop is great as its microfiber mop head is idle for all flows and no bending required though our indian way of mopping is great workout it takes much longer to mop compared to a spin mop mopping the flow every day is a good practice as it adds a lot of positivity and freshness to the room instead of adding disinfectant to the water simply add some sea salt and then do the mopping this will take away much of the negative energy and will raise the vibrations of the room salt is very effective way to get rid of pollution inside your home add one spoon salt to a bucket of water at least twice a week salt has been used since ages by our grandmothers to remove evil eye by others so give it a try tip number eleven clean up spillages immediately this is no brainer clean up spillages immediately rather than getting it dry as dry stains need more time and effort and energy to clean than fresh spills especially if you have kids around this is a very handy tip kids make mess and spill while eating so attend to it then and there and not put it for later as it will take away longer to clean then i know i know we cannot always attend to spillages immediately especially if there are few drops here and there in that case spray a disinfectant using spray bottle five minutes before mopping and mopping the floors would be so easy as the spillages would be moist again tip number 12 use squeegee water vinegar spray to keep bathroom mold away tired of bathroom mold try this mix half water and half vinegar into a spray bottle and once you are done showering simply spray this mixture and leave bathroom open for an hour to ventilate you can even squeegee to take off excess water of glass and the walls vinegar will prevent any further mold formation however it will not magically remove the mould that is already sitting there but after shower try this spray vinegar water mixture and take a toothbrush and thoroughly scrub it once your bathroom is free from mold spraying diluted vinegar will prevent mold from reoccurring tip number 13 keep counters clear clutter starts at the counter top which is why clutter free kitchens you'll notice always have clean and clear counters resist the urge to use the countertop as a drop of place for males keys magazines dirty dishes and all of life's miscellaneous to keep bathroom counters free you can use neutral shells like this keeping bathroom and kitchen counters clean makes cleaning much faster and you're most likely to do it on daily basis tip number 14 have a laundry routine you need to create a schedule that works specifically for you and your needs so that you stay on top of your clothes and laundry never has a chance to pile up whatever suits you every other day or once a week or every day have a laundry routine start washing machine in the morning dry clothes in the afternoon and put away in the evening few hacks that helped me in my laundry routine i use hangers for clothes that can go straight to the wardrobe post drying fold clothes straight off the rack and do not tuck them away in a laundry basket to be attended to later on as later never comes and clothes keep moving from one room to the another tip number 15 done is better than perfect you don't have to steam mop your flow every night when a quick vacuum and spot clean will do the job to make the bed in the morning time yourself to one minute to make your bed putting off cleaning and tidying your home because you think you don't have time to do it perfectly leave you living in constant chaos so follow the mantra done is better than perfect so don't aim for perfection rather aim to tick off the item of your to-do list as it is way more satisfying than to have it perfectly clean i have a daily five-minute bathroom cleaning routine where i quickly take out the towels flow mats etc from the bathroom next i spray and wipe the toilet with the toilet paper and flush it i clean the sink after i brush my teeth in the morning so it's already clean and i spray vinegar solution and squeegee post shower i also clean floors just by pouring some water and squeezing and wiping it with a rag cloth so having a quick routine and also breaking down tasks help me stay on top of my bathroom routine tip number 16 get kids involved my kids are toddlers at this stage but still they help me empty the dishwasher when i fold laundry they put it away in their wardrobe they put away their toys in their room it's amazing how much load is taken off your shoulders when everyone shares in the housekeeping requirements tip number 17 contain food eaten by children to the kitchen and dining room only this is one of our house rules no eating in drawing room or sofa or bedrooms rather only on the kitchen island and dining table if mess is limited to certain areas then you do not have to clean up food crumbs from everywhere else in the house which becomes out of control once kids grow up as they don't listen so there were my top 17 tips and simple habits to have a clean and tidy home i promise if you implement these in your day-to-day life then you will be on way to a zen state of mind and not living in clutter and stressing your mind my life is clean tidy and under control and so could be yours i hope you enjoyed this video and found these tips helpful and useful if you are new here please make sure to hit on subscribe button and hit on bell notification and i shall see you in the next one bye for now

- 8 Steps to Keep Your Heart Healthy: Kind: captions Language: en eight steps to keep your heart healthy a total of 17.9 million people of all deaths around the world take place due to cardiovascular diseases that is 31 of the total deaths counted this is why keeping your heart healthy is so important the heart pumps blood throughout the body keeping it active a healthy heart keeps your brain and body strong and active here are eight steps that can help you do that add more vegetables and fruits to your diet not only are vegetables and fruits low on calories but they also contain significant vitamins and minerals that you need in your daily life they keep you full while ensuring that your caloric intake is fairly balanced more than that they are full of antioxidants that remove free radicals from the blood and make sure no oxidation takes place protecting your body's tissues and the heart eat more fiber you might know the main benefit of fiber as helping with digestion while that is true fiber can also play a significant role in keeping your heart strong and healthy soluble fiber which you can get from food items such as berries oats nuts and apples can help lower cholesterol levels in the blood this decreases the stress on your heart and keeps it move to low-fat dairy whole milk and other dairy products made from it are rich in saturated fats these fats line along your arteries and block them you can counter that by adding low-fat dairy to your regular diet such as skimmed milk low-fat cheeses and greek yogurt shift towards trans fat not all fats are bad for your heart unsaturated fats can help improve your heart's health you can get unsaturated fats from foods such as olives avocados peanut butter nuts one of the key benefits of unsaturated fats is their help in lowering cholesterol decrease your salt intake sodium can play a major role in increasing blood pressure and can cause kidney problems decreasing salt intake is one of the first steps advised for anyone with a heart condition you can maintain your blood pressure by reducing your salt intake which decreases stress on your heart go for omega-3 fats salmon and other fatty fish are very good for your heart as they contain omega-3 fatty acids they help decrease bad ldl cholesterol while maintaining good hdl cholesterol you can also find omega-3 fats in walnuts and flax seeds increase your movement managing your weight is key to ensuring your heart's health putting on weight can add more stress on your heart which can cause problems if left unchecked try to get 30 minutes of exercise moderate or fast paced every single day you will not just lose weight you will also strengthen your heart limit alcohol intake excessive or regular alcohol intake can cause you to gain weight which adds stress to your heart limit your alcohol intake and try to consume as little as you can couple that with more activity and you will have a much healthier heart thank you for watching our video please do not forget to like and share the video also please subscribe to the channel to stay updated on our latest videos

  Top Comments:
  1. @harryGPIG [1 likes]: Shout out to my class 5B and also 5G 67
  2. @sherox414 [1 likes]: And no smoking too along wit the alcohol!!!! I’m amazed he didn’t include it!!
  3. @Lungelwagloria-m9g [1 likes]: Thank you so much.
  4. @billycurtis114: UCEPQVaAZwzpMu9l-WOsbHXA
  5. @Juanjo_logrono: Golden video thanks ❤
  6. @connect2docplanetayurveda379: Arjuna Capsules – your daily herbal support for heart health.
  7. @HealthCoreValues: Such an insightful video! 🌟 The tips shared here are truly a game changer for anyone aiming to improve their health. It's all about making small yet powerful changes, and this video hits the mark. I'm definitely incorporating these habits into my routine to keep my heart and body in check. Keep spreading the knowledge, and thank you for empowering us to live healthier lives!
  8. @CardioCare365: 9:56 – Amazing tips, I’m saving this video to rewatch later 🔥
  9. @Oshi-y2m: Very helpful video thank you sir 😊❤
  10. @ARTS-zj8zh: Thank you
  11. @KeshavKataria-j7d: Thanks for the heart health tips! I wanted to mention Arjun Tea by Planet Ayurveda—it’s been a game changer for me. I feel more calm, and my blood pressure readings are more consistent now. If you’re exploring herbal options, this tea is definitely worth checking out. Love this kind of content!
  12. @Mewhenthewhenthe-x7j: You recommend eating more trans fats, which is the most unhealthy fat, that is proved to cause cancer. But you say shift towards trans fats, and then explain why you should eat more unsaturated fats. Did you mistake trans fats for unsaturated fats?
  13. @timrift: Not once did u mention smoking im gonna smoke a pack a day
  14. @LorenaConstantino-m7s: nice
  15. @Amit-bc9ym: I was looking for a natural way to support my cardiovascular system, and Planet Ayurveda Arjuna capsules have been perfect. I feel more balanced and healthy
  16. @SunHenry-l1y: most informative video I got for my assignment!! TYSM!!
  17. @HealthAdviceTV: Informative video 👍
  18. @donnawest7448: Very informing
  19. @AyurvedicDoctor-y6q: you can also use Arjun Tea and Gotu Kola capsules of Planet Ayurveda along with these tips.
  20. @sridivya754: Thank you

- Health Tips for Night Shift Employees | Ways to maintain optimal Biological Rhythm | Diet Tips: Kind: captions Language: en-GB NAMASKAR Working while the rest of the&nbsp; world is sleeping comfortably at&nbsp; night is very difficult, while it&nbsp; is definitely quiet and peaceful at&nbsp; night, but nightshift workers&nbsp; can have his or her varieties of&nbsp; challenges - shift work&nbsp;&nbsp; and long hours of work has been associated with wide varieties of&nbsp;&nbsp; problems including metabolic issues, heart problems,&nbsp;&nbsp; gastrointestinal problems, obesity, and certain cancers, apart from these&nbsp;&nbsp; health issues people who work in nightshift have a hard time&nbsp;&nbsp; focused at work and other activities during the day&nbsp;&nbsp; they are drowsy at work, lethargic and exhausted during the day,&nbsp;&nbsp; thankfully there are several steps we can take to keep ourselves healthy and&nbsp;&nbsp; working in the Night Shift. So today I am going to share&nbsp; some unique and extremely&nbsp; effective ways, for staying healthy by working in&nbsp;&nbsp; the Night 1. Techniques To Overcome Drowsiness First techniques to overcome&nbsp;&nbsp; drowsiness - feeling lethargic and feeling drowsy and sleepy&nbsp;&nbsp; is very common with people who work in the night shift,&nbsp;&nbsp; the change in the natural sleeping pattern and overall sleep, leads to&nbsp; mental sluggishness and laziness,&nbsp; majority of people adopt to&nbsp; unhealthy habits - just getting&nbsp; addicted to caffeine to feel&nbsp; awake, you can help yourself with&nbsp; yoga technique to help overcome&nbsp; this laziness, lethargic-ness,&nbsp; lack of focus, and so on. You&nbsp; can definitely enhance your&nbsp; concentration at work. Surya Bhedan is a powerful pranayama,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can practice this pranayama, whenever&nbsp;&nbsp; you feel sleepy and tired, it is really energizing, activating, when you practice&nbsp;&nbsp; this pranayama, Surya nadi opens up fully&nbsp;&nbsp; and it opens the energy channel. Practice this excellent combination&nbsp;&nbsp; of Surya Bhedan pranayama and Ujjayi pranayama,&nbsp;&nbsp; to instantly energize you, and awaken the senses.&nbsp; Understand how to do it – steps. Sit in any meditative pose of your choice,&nbsp;&nbsp; use this Vishnu Mudra while doing this pranayama,&nbsp;&nbsp; come on one side last two fingers on another side,&nbsp;&nbsp; begin by closing the left nostril and inhale&nbsp; slowly from the right nostril, take&nbsp; a full breath through the right&nbsp; nostril, when feeling fullness in&nbsp; the lungs, close both the nostrils&nbsp; momentarily, so as to see that&nbsp; the air doesn’t escape from both&nbsp; the nostril, immediately open the&nbsp; left nostril, exhale gently and&nbsp; fully repeat the process once or twice. This pranayama is not recommended&nbsp;&nbsp; for high blood pressure patients and cardiac patients,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it should be avoided in the summer months. Now let us learn how to do Ujjayi Pranayama. Here also, sit comfortably in any meditative pose,&nbsp; now close your eyes, keeping&nbsp; your mouth closed constrict your&nbsp; throat, and inhale from both the nostril,&nbsp;&nbsp; make a hissing sound from the throat, continue&nbsp;&nbsp; inhaling till you feel fullness in your lungs, retain or hold the air for six seconds,&nbsp;&nbsp; exhale through your nose with or without sound. Apart from pranayama, you can&nbsp; also do certain stretches to&nbsp; activate your breathing, get up&nbsp; from your seat raise your both&nbsp; your hands slowly, upwards and&nbsp; coming on your toes, stretch&nbsp; your body upward – laterally,&nbsp; practice this 3 to 4 times, and you&nbsp; will really feel fresh. If you have stairs at your&nbsp;&nbsp; workplace, then climb up and down the stairs for 2 to 3 minutes,&nbsp;&nbsp; this will also help to instantly awaken you, and make you ready for the work. second understand how to&nbsp; maintain the natural biological&nbsp; rhythm – Tremendous problems&nbsp; can arise, if person is going&nbsp; against the natural biological&nbsp; rhythm and the rhythm is what –&nbsp; that day is meant for work&nbsp; and night is meant for rest.&nbsp; This is the most natural&nbsp; biological rhythm to overcome the&nbsp; problems, every nightshift person&nbsp; must have some system, some&nbsp; discipline, to follow during the&nbsp; day, only by diligently practicing&nbsp; a fixed routine you will be able&nbsp; to regulate your cardiac rhythm&nbsp; or biological rhythm, your eating&nbsp; time, you are sleeping time, should be the same each day, for&nbsp; example - if you eat at night at&nbsp; 10 pm and then at 3 pm follow&nbsp; the same rhythm, similarly&nbsp; sleeping time and office&nbsp; time also has to be fixed, to&nbsp; successfully regulate a new&nbsp; natural biological rhythm.&nbsp; For day shift workers a slight&nbsp; shift in duty is acceptable, because&nbsp; they can cope up with the changes,&nbsp; as they are still following the&nbsp; body naturally biological rhythm,&nbsp; our entire life we follow this&nbsp; biological rhythm and abruptly&nbsp; disturbing that might be harmful,&nbsp; therefore you must develop a&nbsp; strict routine which is only&nbsp; possible, if you follow this all the time. 3. Eat Nutritious Food third eat nutritious food - it&nbsp;&nbsp; is important to eat a full nutritious food, three hours before your shift,&nbsp;&nbsp; because heavy meals can make you feel sleepy at night,&nbsp;&nbsp; so if possible eat dinner by 7 pm the pitta cycle is active from 10 pm&nbsp;&nbsp; to 2 pm so that you can eat at this time as well as your&nbsp;&nbsp; body is active at this time you are working and so digestion would be&nbsp;&nbsp; comparatively easy, reduce your munching during the&nbsp;&nbsp; vata phase which is 2 am to 6 am only, if you really want to have something,&nbsp;&nbsp; have something very light.&nbsp; Light food could be popcorn,&nbsp; puffed rice, puffed wheat, these&nbsp; things are very good. Night&nbsp; shift workers are more likely to&nbsp; experience metabolic syndrome&nbsp; and have increased risk of&nbsp; becoming overweight, due to&nbsp; poor diet, incorporating more&nbsp; healthy fat and protein to the&nbsp; diet, might help Night Shift&nbsp; employees to feel satisfied for&nbsp; long time, that would reduce cravings too – avocado, cottage&nbsp; cheese, and nuts are very good&nbsp; here, if you feel hungry in&nbsp; the middle of the night, eat a&nbsp; nutritious protein rich snack&nbsp; like handful of channa or boiled&nbsp; groundnut would be a very good choice. Four healthy tips for a good&nbsp; sleep during the day - here are&nbsp; some very good tips you should&nbsp; follow to see that lack of sleep&nbsp; doesn’t create any problems in your life,&nbsp;&nbsp; ensure that you dedicate 7 to 8 hours&nbsp;&nbsp; daily after a night shift, avoid activities that will make you feel alert during that time,&nbsp;&nbsp; like watching movies, or using&nbsp;&nbsp; smartphone, or tablet, because the blue light of all these gadgets, disturbs your circadian rhythm,&nbsp;&nbsp; and it would result in poor sleep quality,&nbsp;&nbsp; also overthinking something continuously or workout in the morning&nbsp;&nbsp; also will disturb your balance,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure your room is quite dark and warm, use curtains to keep light out of the room. Night Shift are truly challenging&nbsp; and can affect your health most&nbsp; of the time, we take things for&nbsp; granted and the risk of health&nbsp; issues due to working in the&nbsp; night shifts are very high, the&nbsp; change in body natural rhythm&nbsp; can lead to big-big health&nbsp; problems in long run, so follow&nbsp; these simple and effective tips to&nbsp; help you working in odd hours,&nbsp; yet keeping little better and good&nbsp; health, understand one thing&nbsp; very well, that in life earning&nbsp; money is not just one thing&nbsp; which is important good health is&nbsp; also important health is well&nbsp; so make sure that you are not&nbsp; having this Night Shift for long-long&nbsp; duration, try and see that as you grow old may be after 40&nbsp; you should avoid giving such&nbsp; strain to our body make some changes and slowly&nbsp;&nbsp; take care of your health. Your body when it gets a signal&nbsp; that body suffering in spite of&nbsp; falling all this pattern then&nbsp; the only thing is that you should&nbsp; change your working hours so&nbsp; it is said no that JAAN HAI TU&nbsp; JAHAN HAI - when you are there,&nbsp; your world is there, your&nbsp; people are there, you should be&nbsp; there - you should enjoy your&nbsp; health and wealth both. Take care and look after yourself

  Top Comments:
  1. @theyogainstituteofficial [35 likes]: Hope you liked the video! These effective tips will help you cope with working late-night shifts and maintain overall health. We would love to hear your experience on the positive difference you observe in yourself after implementing these tips. Do share this valuable information so that many can benefit from this.
  2. @Chandlerbing994 [1 likes]: Hardest thing is to sleep in morning.. Its too hard
  3. @hurlyburly_mzir [1 likes]: Doctor, I have undergone mitral valve repair (MVR). I would like to know if working night shifts is safe for me. The schedule is one night shift every 6 to 7 days, approximately every two months.
  4. @allrounderstech...2054 [1 likes]: Can I do Sudarshan kriya regularly to overcome my night shift problem
  5. @ShravTalgaonkar [1 likes]: 😢😢 MNC should stop giving night shift with poor quality life.
  6. @meera.iyer11: routine aur health management pe jo focus kiya hai woh important hai  night shift ya irregular schedule wale logon ke liye ye tips practical lagte hai.
  7. @SuperPrasad22: Thank you mam❤❤
  8. @navjotkaur9146: I also do night shifts and honestly i gain alot of what my friend's and my co-workers do they are laughing on me by saying moti girl i really feel sad 😔
  9. @HirakjyotiBarman-tf4pe: Hindi me talk kijiye na
  10. @VishnuSingh-z7r6w: Hindi me boleye
  11. @citizensawareness: 🎉🎉🎉😊
  12. @triptikhurana9130: Thank u
  13. @justicepaul1191: All I can say is WOW. After using Dr. Edozele’s herbal remedy, I’ve had no outbreaks, and my recent tests came back negative. Thank you for your wisdom and healing!
  14. @shrutikadevarshi5370: Much much needed,thanks 🙏
  15. @hackerworld5665: I was suffering alot with nyt shifts😢from 3 years nxt month iam going to quit my job😭i need a job 😊
  16. @YogeshdrbhartiLodhwal: I hate only thing, about this channel they didn't explain in hindi
  17. @abe7219: Krishna
  18. @eaw2017: Watching during night shift..😢
  19. @ktibers5776: Much needed! Thank you for sharing! Namaste!
  20. @Thereviewer.com06: Hi mam minimum how many hours of sleep is required after night shift and can we cover sleep during weekends

- 10 TIPS | How do I manage Household Chores without house help | Cook, Clean, Laundry, Products I use: Kind: captions Language: en household chores household chores can seem never ending there's always something to do daily cooking cleaning regular cleaning deep cleaning laundry washing dishes etc there is so much work at home that it can make even more zen person overwhelmed add one or two kids to the scenario and it's perfect recipe for disaster managing household chores with small kids can not only be time consuming but it can also be tremendously hectic unfortunately in current pandemic times most of us don't have a house helper who can vacuum the floors do the laundry or tidy up the rooms instead all of the responsibilities to keep the homes pick and span falls on our shoulders however doing household choose doesn't has to be doom and gloom so today i will share with you 10 tips to manage household shows like a pro without any external help i hope you find this tips helpful if so please give this video a thumbs up and subscribe to mom and me i'm aiming for 2 000 likes though it like so let's get started tip number one wake up early waking up early can add few quiet hours to your day even if you wake up an hour early then your regular time it will make you feel in charge and just that mood will set the tone of the day and you will work like a pro also while you're doing chores make a conscious effort to move your body 20 swifter as this will add more time on your plate i sometimes watch my own videos and realize how slow i am moving while doing chores so now i make conscious effort to move my body little faster when i'm doing the second establish a routine for daily there are certain tasks that we need to do on daily basis like making the bed cooking cleaning up the kitchen afterwards doing dishes vacuuming the flow etc having a routine for such chose is important as that sets you in autopilot mode and you will start doing these joes without thinking much having a morning power our routine will help you take off most of this task from your list and free up your time for later part of the day three divide deep cleaning chores into chunks as far as deep cleaning is concerned there are two ways to tackle it one wait till you see the dirt and grime on the surface before you think to clean it but it will take a lot of energy and efforts and in most cases will be demotivating as the task is time consuming now so procrastination will kick in and it starts a vicious cycle of i don't have time to deep clean i'm too busy etc on the other hand assign 30 minutes daily to tackle one area or room so that cleaning never becomes a chore it could be just cleaning a window or a door or a sliding door rail or wiping your furniture etc you know your house better and should keep an eye on which area needs attention i highly recommend light but regular cleaning of one area then deep clean every six months say for example past month i did a whole house deep clean i picked up one bedroom a day and thoroughly cleaned it top to bottom i first dusted the room wiped the furniture clean the sliding door rails wash the window from inside out clean the glass mirrors finally vacuumed and mopped the floor and now i don't have to worry for next few months to deep clean this room except light dusting likewise i cleaned and decluttered other bedrooms too i had to plan my meals a day before so that i can squeeze in time for deep clean my kids room needs to be decluttered and organized every now and then as they are still very young and cannot share full responsibility to clean up after themselves so again once every few weeks i will sit in their room do a deep clean organize their wardrobes clean floors thoroughly declutter their toys and do the needful i will come back to deep clean this room next month i will sometimes clean front porch put all plants away sweep and mop sydney weather can get very windy and we get a lot of dust and dry leaves so i clean entrance area at least once a week or every fortnight [Music] fun fact a lot of people tell me india australia so see this is me cleaning this windscreen and how dusty it is i had cleaned it only a few weeks ago so it does gets dusty especially so as we have a park across the road cleaning becomes challenging when kids are around it feels like they are creating the mess behind you while you're actually getting the cleaning job done but it's okay to have an untidy and messy home as long as it is clean so divide your house into sections and clean one area or room on weekly basis this will reduce the need to deep clean four prioritize do the most important task first in case you run out of time for me cooking is most important task so i like to get it done and dusted as soon as i can it gives me immense relief that the most important task is done also if you attend to cooking first other following choose like doing dishes and cleaning up the kitchen counter can be attended on time too if after doing most important tasks the lazy bug strucks me then i will make sure next time the leftover items will be the priority like laundry filling up the pins etc fifth is clean as you go one very efficient way to clean your kitchen is clean as you go method while your lunch or dinner is being cooked use in between wait time to clean or tidy up your counter wash few dishes even if you wash only three to four dishes or only one pot it will all add up in the end tidy a platform and put stuff away put away masala dabba or lentil dabbas back into the pantry etc there is so much that you can do in between those cooking time if you choose not to be on internet while cooking so keep social media distractions aside sixth meal planning once a week create a family meal plan this will save you valuable time trying to come up with ideas for meals each day first prepare a menu and do weekend prep like making green chutney boil potatoes or make patties and freeze them make pizza sauce tomato paste etc all this will save you precious hours on weekdays and we'll take the guessing game of what should i cook for dinner tonight giving you mental peace i have a detailed video on meal prep menu ideas preparations and heaps of vegetarian recipes i will link that in the description box below another tip is to buddy up on dishes when more than one item needs to be boiled use the same pressure cooker rather than two to cut down on dishwashing time also have you ever tried no gas cooking like making a fresh veggie sandwich avocado toast having cereal for breakfast etc monday morning breakfast are no gas breakfast for me and i literally go into the kitchen at very end moment when my kids are hungry and i still manage to serve them food on time wheat picks with milk and fruits is a go-to meal monday mornings and i tell you i feel so relaxed monday mornings i feel i don't have to cook and the breakfast is ready this is an immense relief so try no gas recipes in your meal plan too 7. laundry routine another big and time consuming task is washing the dirty clothes hanging them to dry fold them put them back into the wardrobes the quickest way to do your laundry at home is by doing it all at once this will save you multiple sessions of loading unloading drying ironing holding and putting away also start washing machine early morning as you will have to do few loads i sometimes use two racks to hang clothes once clothes are dry fold them off the rack itself do not pile them anywhere as this way you will never come around to it on time one great hack that i use is to use hangers i hang as many clothes as i can using and once they are dry they go straight to the wardrobe i don't iron clothes we wear at home eight getting floors clean use good quality vacuums brooms and mobs to keep your floors clean add door mats at the entrance of the house to reduce the risk of having to clean up muddy footprints create a no-show policy in your home to keep your floors cleaner for longer a spin mop like this is very convenient tool to get floors cleaned quickly it has microfiber mop head that easily lifts up dirt dust and hair and do not transfer it back onto the floor also its water ring function helps you control how wet or dry mop should be while mopping so having a spin mop will make your life easy then using traditional mop sets mine is dr fuzzy 360 degree spin flow mop in case you're wondering nine cleaning tools having good quality cleaning tools gets job half done a set of microfiber cloth like this wherein you have one microfiber cloth for each surface whether it's heavy duty kitchen platform glass surface one for dusting and one for multi-purpose use having good microfiber cloths makes cleaning easy and less time consuming also microfiber duster like this will save you time and energy while dusting the house it can be used at any surface like tv walls clocks furniture etc is especially useful for getting into those corners where a microfiber cloth cannot reach and wipe having different kinds of cleaning brushes like these makes difficult to clean areas a breeze whether you want to clean a bottle or teeny tiny gaps on bottle top having cleaning brushes are absolute must another useful tool is a good vacuum cleaner and a mob good vacuum cleaner will not only make cleaning efficient but also quicker a spin mop like this will save you time to squeeze out extra water from the mop head making it most preferable mop in today's date 10. cleaning products along with having right cleaning tools it's vital to have good quality cleaning products as well i have been using this rose disinfectant since a year now and i couldn't be happier i buy it in bulk 5 liter pack which will last me full year and it only costed me 30 dollars it is a multi-purpose cleaner and can be used on any surface kitchen platform bathroom tiles or furniture it's best to use cleaning supplies that have more than one purpose instead of one cleaning supply per need you don't need separate cleaners for the bathroom and the kitchen this is also a good way to be environmentally friendly if you want to make your stainless steel appliances or sink as brand new use gift cream this is the only product i've been using on steel since years and trust me it gives great results i have also divided a homemade bathroom cleaner it's made from white vinegar lemon and orange peels and that's pretty much it all i did was i took a mason jar filled it with white vinegar and citrus peels of your choice and leave it at room temperature for about 2 weeks and your concentrated mix is ready you can add 50 water to dilute it and make bathroom cleaner adding water and infused citrus oil will reduce punch and smell of vinegar though it will very much still be there another natural cleaning product that you can use and which is very effective is baking soda my two favorite uses of baking soda are cleaning gas hob and chimney filter but make sure you do not over sprinkle like me and especially do not sprinkle in these little holes that brings fire out otherwise your gas functioning will be affected i have done it in past so speaking from experience easiest way to clean chimney filter is to dip it in a solution of hot water and baking soda overnight next morning scrub lightly and change water twice and put it out in the sun to dry it will be as clean as new 11 daily 5-minute bathroom cleaning one of the best examples i can give you of regular versus deep cleaning is my five-minute daily bathroom cleaning routine i follow few steps and bathroom is clean in no time and i never feel the need to deep clean first i quickly emptied the bathroom by removing towels but mats also clear the countertop next i will spray my vinegar solution third i will wipe the sink and toilet using toilet wipes and flush them lastly put water on the floor and squeegee the flow and later wipe it one great way to always keep toilet clean is using such toilet blocks just attach them to the rim and it will keep your toilet bowl and stain free with every flush doing a little bit each day will keep you from spending all saturday scrubbing so guys the key is to break down your task and have a routine waking up early adds those few extra hours to your day which could work like magic do a little bit every day so that it never burdensome meal plan your week to avoid stress and anxiety on weekdays there's so much you can do to make your life easy i hope you found these tips helpful and will incorporate them into your life if you like to see more videos on such topics simply give this video a like and i will include more such content on my channel that's it for this video guys and i shall see you in the next one bye for now

- Wellbeing for Children: Healthy Habits: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] being healthy is something we're always encouraged to do but how can we be healthy it all starts with creating healthy habits healthy habits can make you feel stronger and happier think of your body and mind like a car a car needs good quality fuel to run well you can't put in soft drink and expect it to run smoothly can you just like a car you need to fuel your body and mind with really good nourishing foods thoughts and actions that will make it function but what's a habit a habit is created when you do something repeatedly until it becomes natural having healthy habits can help you to feel strong create good relationships with people around you help you concentrate better in class and give you the daily boost you need to do all the things you love one of the most important healthy habits to have is healthy eating healthy eating is all about feeding your body fresh and nutritious foods this should include colorful vegetables fruits and nuts grains legumes dairy and lean meats and fish even though all these foods are good for us there is still some that we should eat lots of and some we should limit we should eat lots of vegetables and grains but we should eat lean meats dairy and fruits and nuts in moderate amounts which means not heaps and heaps there are some foods that should only be a sometimes treat because they're not very good for us and have very little nutritional value like sugary or fatty foods and drinks and of course we should drink plenty of water every single day when you combine healthy foods with physical activity it will help you to feel healthy did you know children your age should be active for at least 60 minutes a day another healthy habit is getting lots of sleep sleep allows us to restore repair and rebuild all the things in our body including our brain make sure you're getting 10 hours of sleep a night and you'll find yourself feeling fresh and ready to make the most out of every day here are four ways you can build healthy eat the fruit and vegetable rainbow even though you may not be in charge of the grocery shopping you can always make your own healthy choices maybe you could choose to drink water instead of a soft drink or juice when you feel thirsty buy a piece of fruit instead of sweets from the canteen or have some salad with dinner simple choices like that can make a huge difference to your health eating a variety of fruits and vegetables that are full of different colors is super important because they all help your body in different ways so try and have as many colors as you can every day sleep well nothing should interfere with your sleep not even your homework should keep you up longer than you need to be so make sure you plan your time well so you can complete it before bed try to keep a good bedtime routine going to bed at the same time each night is great for your body and can make going to sleep easier keep any phones tablets and other devices out of your bedroom when it's bedtime your bedroom a place that feels relaxing to you this means it should be comfortable quiet and dark when it's time to sleep get active it doesn't require you to change your entire day in fact it's really easy and you might not even realize you're doing it playing at lunchtime school sports riding your bike or even going for a swim are all examples of exercise that can make up your 60 minutes if you can minimize the time you spend in front of a screen you might find yourself spending more time with your friends and moving around last but not least find a balance going to extremes whether it's with your diet exercise or sleep isn't necessary you can enjoy a bit of everything find a healthy balance of sleep play food water school and social time when you combine healthy eating physical activity plenty of sleep and lots of water you will have the power and energy to be your best plus you'll discover that as you get older you'll need these healthy habits because they're important no matter how old you are why not start now

- Seasonal health issues in the Pacific Northwest | Healthlink: Kind: captions Language: en From allergies in the spring to wildfire, smoke in the summer to the winter blues, the changing of the seasons can impact our bodies in different ways. I'm Christine Pay for King Five's Health link each week. I report on a health or medical topic impacting the community. Today. We're sharing a couple of those stories. Here's what you need to know about seasonal issues common in the Pacific Northwest and the season hits you a little bit sooner. It's, it's hard, right? You're not really on top of it. Doctor Stacy Maw is an allergist and an assistant professor at U Dub's division of allergy and infectious diseases. She herself endures hay fever every year. I think a lot of allergists go into the field because they've suffered with it throughout their lives. And that makes helping patients a lot more enjoyable symptoms include itchy and watery eyes, a stuffy nose and sneezing. How can you differentiate allergy symptoms from, let's say cold symptoms? I would really go off of the whole constellation of the symptoms if somebody's having a fever that would not be expected for an allergy. But in the beginning phases, it can be really tough treatments range from oral antihistamines to nasal sprays. And if those don't work immunotherapy with allergy shots, ma's other advice, asking your doctor about treatments ahead of pollen counts. Going up this graph from the Northwest Asthma Center shows we're currently at peak maple and cedar pollen levels come may and June grass pollen ramps up. I think a lot of what we do is telling people to start ahead of the season, start your medications 2 to 4 weeks before the season starts, allergy. Symptoms are also showing up earlier. I think I'm just noticing how how many more of my patients are coming in saying they're having bothersome symptoms sooner that they just couldn't get a hold of doctor ma points to the changing climate as contributing factors, higher temperatures and higher CO2 levels, those can stimulate photosynthesis, plant growth, pollen production. So as we're really seeing temperatures rising and seeing in the environment, you know, um kind of more by products of things. I think those two seem to come along quite clearly. All the ways to lessen allergy symptoms is immediately changing clothes after you've been outside for a while, also showering before bed to remove any pollen from your body or your hair. And saline nasal rinses can also help people don't realize that getting into cold, very cold water like we have here in the northwest. Um, it can kill you within a minute. Doctor Steven Morris is an er doctor at UB medicine based at Mont Lake and Harbor view. This time of year in particular, we see people that are going into the water or thinking they just want to swim and cool off and have a nice time and then end up in a really terrifying and life threatening situation. While there's a recent trend of people taking cold plunges with claims it helps with exercise related muscle damage and boost your immune system. Morris doesn't recommend it for everyone. I think if you're doing a polar bear plunge and you have one of your friends on each side of you, you know, it's a little bit safer. I think it's very, very different from somebody jumping into a cold lake and not knowing what they're getting into whether it's voluntary swimming or an accidental fall into the water. Cold water shock can result from being in water, 50 degrees or colder how it is right now from all that mountain snow run off just to paraphrase one of the writers from the American Heart Association, you're not a polar bear for humans. The shock can cause involuntary gasps for air hyperventilation, even cardiac arrest and other heart problems, it increases your heart rate drastically. Um It increases your blood pressure drastically. And if you have an underlying health problem, that can be enough to cause a stroke to cause a heart attack, it's caused heart attacks actually in very young people and finally panic can set in. So you have an altered mental status. So you're in this dangerous life threatening situation and then all of a sudden you're making poor decisions or you're not able to comprehend what's going on. Morris adds, if you happen to safely pull someone out of the wall who's experiencing cold shock, warm them up gently. Right away. Skin to skin contact is a really safe way to rearm someone and call 911 immediately as they may still need medical attention. His biggest advice don't take a dip for now, enjoy the nice weather and do other activities, but I would avoid swimming in any of the cold water that we have right now. Everything you'll see in the literature is calling for more research into this. Dr John Mignone is a cardiologist at Swedish Health, specializing in heart failure treatment. He knows the impacts when wildfire smoke, clogs our skies. We definitely do see higher levels of heart attack. At that time, unhealthy air doesn't only affect the lungs. It be dangerous for the cardiovascular system for people with existing pulmonary disease. It can even lead to heart failure and stroke. You have both chemical and fine matter particles that get all the way down into the deepest areas of our lungs and they could sit there and cause oxidative stress. Those are some of the short term impacts but could a persistent seasonal onset of wildfire smoke in our atmosphere affect us in the long run. We don't have a complete picture of exactly how wildfire smoke will impact our health. But we are seeing a lot more um evidence that's suggesting that people who consider themselves to be young and healthy may actually be at higher risk than they previously were perceived to be. Addison Houston is a climate adaptation strategist for public health, Seattle in King County and says more research is needed. The focus he says should be understanding those really small particles in wildfire smoke that measure smaller than PM 2.5 which is very fine particulate matter that has a diameter about 20 times narrower than the width of a human hair. Wildfire. Smoke particles can include chemicals, carbon monoxide, nitrogen oxide and other volatile organic compounds. All these things can cause free radical damage to the DNA. So, so this is, this is at least what we know about smoking. Dr Mignone says that could lead to worsen lung function, but more research needs to look at which particles from smoke could lead to those long term impacts. If there's a particular particulate matter that we could determine is the biggest offender, that's something, but there are very sparse amounts of data about that. And the Public Health Department says to avoid spending prolonged time outside when the air quality is bad. And if you must go outdoors, an N95 or KN95 mask will help. It's also recommended to install a Merv filter indoors to filter out any harmful particles. So there are tendencies when that people notice that they might feel more fatigued, more worn down. A little bit more lethargic in the winter months. Due to the lower levels of daylight, less sun means less serotonin production, which can lead to feelings of depression, irritability and a lack of energy. Conversely, this could lead to more melatonin production which increases sleepiness. So you might feel the need to sleep in during winter months. But there are are some remedies to consider Darcy Newby, a licensed therapist at the Over Lake specialty school advises going outside for at least 15 minutes a day. Rain or shine, sunlight is key here because there's less of it. Right now. Our bodies produce less vitamin D which promotes serotonin production. We do know in this region, it's really critical to make sure you're having adequate levels of vitamin D and even to increase that during the darker longer winter months. That's really key. Newbie adds exposure to a bright light. Also known as sad lamps can help boost serotonin levels. Research shows exposure to a light at 10,000 locks for half an hour, seven days a week can improve sad symptoms. An important step in all of this is recognizing those symptoms. If your feelings of depression and anxiety do not go away. Despite some of these remedies, new be advises talking to your doctor. Thanks for joining us today to check out my most recent health report and get the latest health news visit K five.com/health link.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Buttercup12345-c: ????????

- If Humans had Health Scores: Kind: captions Language: en good morning Jessica good morning Pam your health today is 3700 wow that's a lot you are above average good job taking care of your body bare minimum or full morning routine full morning routine Pam good job taking care of your body when you look good you feel good three points have been rewarded Billy G your health score is only 500 today yeah most of my health energy has been used in the bathroom I told you to stop eating so much Taco Bell I can't help it I'm addicted well there worse things to be addicted to hey Jess Charlie hey would you want to go to the movies tonight calculating health risk why is it so much well I'll be there so what movie are we going to see oh we're not actually going to watch a movie We're not I was just asking if you wanted to go to the movies because we usually smoke around back and play spin the bottle Sor I thought you knew that that's cool right totally want a hit no I don't smoke who brought goody to shoes relax she's a good time Jess you could spin the bottle First Alert elevated stress levels are causing a depletion in your health spin spin spin just got Trevor gross hey I know it's not me but that's not nice he's my cousin oh guys no no she can't kiss him spit again yeah spit again are you okay he's fine he just choked on a Sig no he's not fine his health score is in the negative shoot what do we do someone needs to transfer him health is that even possible it's not encouraged but it's possible anyone fine I'll do it I don't even know the guy transfer 500 health he's breathing again guys we have a problem the cops are here are you okay you shouldn't have done that good morning Jessica your health score today is 1,00 that's less than usual you didn't take good care of your body [Music] yesterday how was your date last night there wasn't really a date there were like 30 other people there and everyone was just smoking and kissing each other and someone almost died died yeah no one knew what to do so I had to transfer him Health wait you could actually do that I thought that was a myth it worked for me what's going on Pam what's going on my health is depleting when I'm not using it detecting an unknown user in the system they are using a lot of your energy an unknown user who I don't know your health score today is 750 that's it for the entire day yes it is recommended you stay home from school to conserve your health overdoing it yesterday caused less health for today but I didn't overdo it someone One is using my energy did you find out who I did a full update last night and found no sources for the unknown user there is nothing to do at this time nothing to do getting upset will deplete your energy more I will continue checking on this issue in the meantime I recommend staying home no I'm going Charlie who is that guy that almost died the other night Benny yes where is he I haven't seen him since that night I think he switched schools well can you help me find him nah we weren't even that close Charlie something is stealing my health every day and I think it's him Jess I found him you found Benny yeah here's his address I hope you get whatever it is figured out thank you are you going to go see him I can't I don't have enough health I'm going to have to wait until tomorrow good morning Jessica good morning Pam your health for today is 500 that's it but I took it easy yesterday you need rest any luck on finding the health sucker we haven't found any sources for your health depleting randomly of course you didn't well I'm going to find them myself that is against recommendation as it can cause serious health risks if you go below your daily value well it's worth being normal again Betty Jess what are you doing at my house are you taking my health what ever since I saved your life and gave you some of my health my health has been depleting are you still taking it somehow no and that's not my fault I didn't ask you to save me well I did like any decent human would well you shouldn't have what why not because I have a virus a virus yes and when you transferred me your health it was able to decode your DNA and infect you as well so you aren't stealing my health of viruses yes well how do I stop it because it's ruining my life you can't there's no cure I told you you shouldn't have helped me well you should have told me that before I was dying I couldn't Pam scan for virus scanning for virus no virus found Pam scan again scanning for virus no virus found Pam shut down all viruses in me there are no viruses to shut down Jess you do not look good did you find Benny yeah and he wasn't helpful I have a rare virus that takes my energy even when I don't want it to for how long for forever good morning Jessica your health level today is 100 would you like to brush your teeth or comb your hair neither Jess there's a pop quiz today in English so if you didn't do last night's reading you you better do it before 6 period I don't think I'll have time but thanks for the headset is your health still bad today everyday energy depleting rest recommended yeah well I can't really do that right now Pam I'm at school energy depleting rest required too bad forcing shutdown to consume energy Pam good morning Jess what happened you were in a coma for 5 days for energy depletion my energy is back up though for now a virus was found in your body we have eliminated it you will be okay wait you found it it was difficult to detect but I found the little sucker so am I going to be okay yes as long as you take care of your body you will be okay

  Top Comments:
  1. @thejessicakaylee [1000 likes]: Do something today that is good for your health :)
  2. @mirthykamv9324 [1 likes]: This was a great POV👍
Keep it up!❤
  3. @HIJ_ABI_acc [1 likes]: 3:02
  4. @maceyandella4 [1 likes]: Like my comment if your eating mangos
  5. @EmilyKaciWorld: We need more, Pam
  6. @Huntertheartchannel: This is my favorite POV so far
  7. @mirathekira: 2:28-2:31 HOW DID UR HEALTH CHANGE FROM 1000 TO 1100
  8. @pgarcia718able: Pam voice sounds like Alexa or Siri
  9. @ellatheidk: 3:16 nO
  10. @black_queeng1: I found that little sucker new character is on😂😂😂😂
  11. @caraGarciathecrazy: 0:22 you look amazing
  12. @olgabenesova7134: I get you, videos are hard! I do them too on Victoria rampals but it's 🇨🇿
  13. @maceyandella4: YAY JESSICA
  14. @maceyandella4: On videos I try to subscribe but I have to sign in ugh so boring and confusing
  15. @maceyandella4: I wish I could live with you Jessica
  16. @maceyandella4: 😖😣😳
  17. @maceyandella4: Don’t talk about kiss
  18. @maceyandella4: Don’t talk about kids plz
  19. @maceyandella4: Watch your health it’s dangerous if it goes down down Jessica
  20. @AllegraWatkins: Love it

- Why Social Health Is Key to Happiness and Longevity | Kasley Killam | TED: Kind: captions Language: en So a couple of years ago, a woman I know who I'll call Maya, went through a lot of big changes in a short amount of time. She got married. She and her husband moved for his job to a new city where she didn’t know anyone. She started a new role working from home, all while managing her dad's new diagnosis of dementia. And to manage the stress of all this change, Maya doubled down on her physical and mental health. She exercised almost every day, she ate healthy foods, she went to therapy once a week. And these actions really helped. Her body got stronger. Her mind got more resilient, but only up to a point. She was still struggling, often losing sleep in the middle of the night, feeling unfocused, unmotivated during the day. Maya was doing everything that doctors typically tell us to do to be physically and mentally healthy, and yet something was missing. What if I told you that what was missing for Maya is also missing for billions of people around the world, and that it might be missing for you? What if I told you that not having it undermines our other efforts to be healthy and can even shorten your lifespan? I’ve been studying this for over a decade, and I've discovered that the traditional way we think about health is incomplete. By thinking of our health as primarily physical and mental, we overlook what I believe is the greatest challenge and the greatest opportunity of our time. Social health. While physical health is about our bodies and mental health is about our minds, social health is about our relationships. And if you haven't heard this term before, that's because it hasn't yet made its way into mainstream vocabulary, yet it is equally important. Maya didn't yet have a sense of community in her new home. She wasn't seeing her family, or her friends or her coworkers in person anymore, and she often went weeks only spending quality time with her husband. Her story shows us that we can't be fully healthy, we can’t thrive, if we take care of our bodies and our minds, but not our relationships. Similar to Maya, hundreds of millions of people around the world go weeks at a time without talking to a single friend or family member. Globally, one in four people feel lonely. And 20 percent of adults worldwide don't feel like they have anyone they can reach out to for support. Think about that. One in five people you encounter may feel like they have no one. This is more than heartbreaking. It's also a public health crisis. Disconnection triggers stress in the body. It weakens people's immune systems. It puts them at a risk, greater risk, of stroke, heart disease, diabetes, dementia, depression and early death. Social health is essential for longevity. So you might be wondering, what does it look like to be socially healthy? What does that even mean? Well it’s about developing close relationships with your family, your friends, your partner, yourself. It's about having regular interaction with your coworkers, your neighbors. It's about feeling like you belong to a community. Being socially healthy is about having the right quantity and quality of connection for you. And Maya's story is one example of how social health challenges come up. In my work, I hear many others. Stories like Jay, a freshman in college who’s eager to get involved in campus yet is having a hard time fitting in with people in his dorm and often feels homesick. Or Serena and Ali, a couple juggling the chaos of young kids with demanding jobs, they rarely have time to see friends or spend time one-on-one. Or Henry, recently retired, who cherishes time with his spouse and yet feels untethered without his team anymore and wishes he could see his kids and grandkids more often. These stories show that social health is relevant to each of us at every life stage. So if you're not sure where to start, try the 5-3-1 guideline from my book. It goes like this. Aim to interact with five different people each week, to strengthen at least three close relationships overall, and to spend one hour a day connecting. Let's dig into these. So first, interact with five different people each week. Just like eating a variety of vegetables and other food groups is more nutritious, research has shown that interacting with a variety of people is more rewarding. So your five could include close loved ones, casual acquaintances, even complete strangers. In fact, in one study that I love, people who just smiled, made eye contact and chit-chatted with a barista, felt happier and a greater sense of belonging than people who just rushed to get their coffee and go. Next, strengthen at least three close relationships. OK, we've all heard of a to-do list, but I would like to invite you to write a to-love list. Who matters most to you? Who can you be yourself with? Make sure that you invest in the names of at least three of the people that you write down. By scheduling regular time together, by showing a genuine interest in their lives, and also by opening up about the experiences that you're going through. And I'm often asked, does it have to be in person? Does texting count? Studies have shown that face-to-face is ideal, so do that whenever possible. But there are absolutely still benefits to staying connected virtually. And last, spend one hour a day on meaningful connection. OK, if you're an introvert, right now you're probably thinking one hour sounds like a lot. I get it. It might be surprising, but I'm actually also an introvert. However, keep in mind that just like getting eight hours of sleep at night, the exact amount that's right for you personally might be higher or lower. But if you are thinking that one hour a day sounds like way too much because you're just way too busy, I challenge you. Adults in the US spend an average of 4.5 hours each day on their smartphones. So instead of scrolling on social media, text a friend. Instead of reading news headlines, write a thank-you card. Instead of listening to a podcast, call a family member. Maya put this into practice by scheduling recurring hangouts with a new local friend that she made, by attending community events and dropping cards off in her neighbors mailboxes, by planning trips to see family and inviting friends in other cities to come visit. And bolstering her social health made more of a difference than focusing solely on her physical and mental health ever could. And I know this because Maya is actually me. I am so passionate about sharing tools to be socially healthy because honestly, I need them too. And the 5-3-1 guideline is one way that we can be proactive and intentional about our relationships. And that is really the point. Be proactive and intentional about your social health. So zooming out beyond the steps that you and I take individually, together, we need to shape a society that thrives through social health. Over the next decade, I envision educators championing social health in schools. And just like kids build their physical muscles in gym class, they'll exercise their social muscles in connection class. I see our cities and neighborhoods being designed with social health in mind, where vibrant gathering places foster unity and community builders are empowered to bring them to life. I believe that social health will become as ingrained in our collective consciousness as mental health is today. Because not that long ago, mental health was a taboo topic shrouded in stigma. And now public figures talk openly about it, there's an entire industry to support it, and more and more people think of going to therapy like going to the gym. In this future, loneliness will subside, just like smoking subsided when we recognized and treated it as a public health issue. In this future, I hope that social health will become so deeply woven into the fabric of our culture that no one needs the 5-3-1 guideline anymore. So to get there, make relationships your priority not only for you, but also for the people you love. Because the beauty of nurturing your own social health is that it naturally enriches the social health of everyone you connect with. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @AkshayKumar-yg4ts [1 likes]: I didn't even listen properly.....my attention was somewhere else....
  2. @satenikgalstyan8937 [1 likes]: This really made me rethink how much I overlook the 'social' side of health. We usually focus on diet, exercise, sleep, but relationships kind of get treated as optional, when they clearly aren’t. I liked how it framed social health as something you can actually work on, not just something you either have or don’t. At the same time, it feels harder to measure or improve compared to physical health. Like, how do you know if your relationships are 'healthy enough'? Still, the reminder that connection directly affects both happiness and longevity is powerful, especially in a time where it’s so easy to feel connected online but still feel alone.
  3. @maiconvieira4893 [1 likes]: That's a very important theme. Thanks for this video!
  4. @AnnieH-y5c [1 likes]: We focus so much on physical and mental health, but forget that relationships are just as important. This really changed my perspective 👏
  5. @JHENYNATALYTORRESMEDINA [1 likes]: Gracias a esto aprendi mi Ultima palabra de ingles
  6. @AkshayKumar-yg4ts: I didn't listen
  7. @IzorOden180x: 🤔this help open my eyes about how to help with the loneliness inside
  8. @fatensaad8967: ❤
  9. @SMD24: For me, and to finally have a stable life or future wise well either working in a workplace where I'm surrounded by educated  pple who are grown with no issues or combine workplaces into 1 as to where I could actually make the right friend with the correct approach like I had with a dude from the 1980 generation from a real grown adult
  10. @IngyinMyintMyatZaw-u6l: the problem is that i think i am better alone then spending with people
  11. @chitumwaipopo4089: This speech changed my mind,i like it
  12. @MarwaAyar-xb5cj: Recently I was ok physically and mentally, But I didn't know whats wrong with me, as an introverted I used to spend my time alone, I was not feeling ok, I didn't know why, whats wrong with me, I even didn't know about social health, but now after wathing the useful talk I know what to do, it really helps me , I'm not native in english so if  I made any mistakes sorry for the 😊
  13. @daddsf27: 😢
  14. @K9Watchdog3: My social life was taken from me
  15. @cassandraizme: Mental and physical health are not just vital things for happiness and longevity. Now I know social health is also important in our lives.
  16. @xiatheodora: Very true. Social health is underestimated in the West, and when I say that, I mean REAL connection. I would like to add that spiritual health is another vital pillar we overlook. Connecting with our Creator is necessary to reach our full potential as human beings. Have a lovely day or night, beautiful people!
  17. @Nurse4CommunityWellness: Very well said.
  18. @freenyoung1: 100% agreed with what she said!!
  19. @Jazzfestn: Grasping for straws!  Bwa ha ha!
  20. @skaterdude14b: 7:23 OMG 🫢

- Aging in the U.S. (full documentary) | FRONTLINE: Kind: captions Language: en-US >> NARRATOR: Tonight onFrontline, Americans 85 and older are now of the population. >> I remember being repulsed by w And now they're just a part of life. >> NARRATOR: Medical advances have enabled us to live longer, but not always better. >> Another bypass surgery. Another transplant. Nobody's bothered to think about of trying to keep people alive longer and longer with such a limited ability to function. >> It's an economic, as well as a human, demand on strapped, middle aged and middle class fam >> They're still caring for their children when they're also caring for mom and dad. But this is really a story about confronting the inevitable. >> I keep trying to fix things, and even though my head says I can your heart wants to fix everything. >> NARRATOR: And coming face to face with ou hopes and fears about "Living Old." >> I like life. I like it. But that is not up to me. It's not up to me. >> I'm Estelle Strongin. I was born on May 30th, 1911, which, if my arithmetic still serves me, makes me 94 and a half. All right, so who else has it? Who else has it? I'm what was once called a stockbroker. Okay, buy 500 each. Today we have the rather elegant title of Finan Buy 500 HOLX for 82836. And I still, even though I'm 94, I still have ambitions, and one of them is to do the job well. I know we're chasing it, but they missed it, so, we're going to chase it. I was never one of the people to be as the decades passed. Except I have to admit that 90 was a little int I thought 90 meant "the end." And I'm a little surprised that it hasn't. >> I'm 99 years old. I'll be 100 in two and a half months. >> How's that feel to almost be 100? >> It's the same as 99. >> Never, never, never did I think I'd live so long. I couldn't even think about ever living so long. >> I'm a little frightened. I don't know anybody who was 100. Is there a change? Is there change? Yes. >> We're on the threshold of the first ever mass geriatric society. And it is in many respects, really, a wonderful time to be old because people are not only living longer, but they're living healthier into their 70s, 80s, in some cases even into their 90s. That's the good news. The bad news is the price that many people are going to be paying for this extra decade of healthy longevity is up to another decade of anything but healthy longevity. In fact, more and more people are living long enough to suffer from the as yet incurable diseases of body and mind. >> I think the biggest issue facing the population of patients is loss of function. You begin to learn that not everyone has cancer, not everyone has Alzheimer's or Parkinson's, but almost everyone loses function. (groans) And by "function" I mean it could be something as simple as slowly worsening vision or really bad arthritis in one knee that makes it harder to get around. >> People want to live longer, but they want to live longer in the self that they have at that moment. And so if there was a way that we co in your 40-year-old body until you were 100 and then you dropped dead, that would be But unfortunately, as time goes on, these chronic diseases take a tol >> I don't think that any of the lessons of gradual loss of one's bodily powers really are preparation for some of these long-term conditions of enfeeblement and frailty. One should just simply tell the truth. No one wishes that for oneself or for one's loved ones. The question is, it's here. If it's not going to go away, how can we still make somethin (phone ringing) >> I'm going to make you an appointment, okay? >> Okay, I'm going around here... >> Over the next 30 years, the number of people ov will actually double to the point that they're about 20% of our population, about 70 million people. >> Ms. Schiller? >> Yes, ma'am. >> Come with >> Years ago people and tuberculosis-- infectious diseases-- and we've become much better at treating these sorts of things. And now people are dying of their chronic diseases, things like high blood pressure, hypertension, heart failure, stroke, diabetes. These are all things that require management >> Now we're dealing with older folks who have multiple chronic illn but are still kind of able to maintain their status quo. But any little something's going to tip them over. >> Hi, McCallowitz. >> You know, it's that frailty where anything happens on top of it, you expose all the underly that was kind of masked by the other systems that were compensating for it. >> Our system is set up to really treat acute diseases. Our system is set up to treat with procedures, and it's not set up to treat chronic diseases and to take time to figure out what's going on. >> Where do you want me to go? Here? >> I want you to have a Often times you can't get to the heart o until 15 minutes into your conversation. And with the way health care is today, you may only have 15 minutes for your entire visit. Just a little bit more. >> I have a terrible-- wi >> You have terrible what? >> With the urine. >> Yes, what's happening with the >> I don't know, I make wet. >> Okay. >> I no can hold. >> You can't hold >> No. >> How long has >> For a while. >> Like a few months or just >> Few months. >> Months, okay. Does it happen every day? >> Yeah. >> Yeah, let me close the door. >> One more, I want this... You see, I forgot. You see, I forgot... >> That's okay, that's all right, take your time. It'll come up, it'll come up. Don't worry. Don't forget to use your cane. The number of geriatricians right now that are a training program for geriatrics, in a two-year program, the number that ar that started this year, is a You know, so it's nothing. You know, it's really nothing. So one out of five people are going to be older adults, and there's not really anyone trained to care for them. (bell dings) >> NARRATOR: With fewer doctors now available to care for the rising number of elderly, many worry we're on the verge of a national crisis >> Nobody's bothered to think about what the repercussions are longer and longer. Another bypass surgery. Without anyone worrying about how do you g physical therapy? Will they ever wal Can they swall It's not a very though I think, of providing health care. Medicine has changed, I think, appropriately in terms of the technology that's become available, and the fact that we can diagno and we can treat them and we can cure The problem, I think, is that the pendulum swung too far and so the focus over time became predominately diagnose, treat, cure. Good morning, how are you? Dr. Janowitz? Even when there's no you still need to be there for someone. >> NARRATOR: As more and more people are becoming too frail to leave their homes, many doctors are once again >> Good morning. Early today, huh? >> NARRATOR: David Muller, one of the founders of Mou provides medical care to a growing number of the city's homebound elderly. >> ...going to write him some notes, I can at least say goo >> My name is Dr. Muller... >> NARRATOR: For the past three years, Henry Janowitz has been wheelchair bound. A former physician, he is now nearly d and has severe arthritis. >> Yeah? How about your knees? Pain? >> >> No, only Each of us, whether we're in has parents. And we watch our And if even if they're relatively healthy and functional, you sort of se You try to plan ahead for being able to be around and care for them, and at the same time you've got a family of your own, and kids, and a job, and career aspirations. And so it's an una And I haven't figured it out for myself either, as far as my parents are concerned. I'd like to believe that, and be available for them, whatever they need and whenever they need it, but I don't know if that's really going to be the case. >> What are their expectations of you, do you know? Have you had those conversations? >> We've had the beginnings of those c probably mostly because of the work that I do. I think their expectations are very typic and very traditional: none, zero. They don't have any expectations that they'll move in with us. that we'll have to do anyt They don't want to be a burden. They'd like to stay indepe Dr. Janowitz is a widower, and his daughters live too far away to be involve in his daily care. So he pays $150,000 a year for the 24-hour help that he now needs to stay home. >> The level of home care has gone up, because we have so many medical procedures now, and interventions, that we didn't have before. Often there are, you know, really complex things going on that have to be done in the home. Hi, good morning. So it's become much more complex. It's not just taking blood pressure and filling up the medic How are you doing? How's she doing today? >> All right. She's awake. >> That's good Hi, Mrs. Enoch. How you doing? >> I'm doing okay. >> I'm Lillian the nurse. >> Yes. >> I came to che and do your dressing on your leg. >> I've just got to lift your leg a little, Mrs. Enoch >> Our goal is to make whatever time the person has left be the best and most comfortable that it can be because a lot of these things have been going on for years and years and years and they're never goin And everybody has the fantasy by just going to sleep and everything... you know, not feeling anything, and everything You just don't wake up. But it doesn't always happen that Sometimes people live a long time with serious, serious problems. >> Ready? (whirring) >> Okay, baby. (speaking Spanish) Okay,chiquito? Nearly two years ago, Antero Pallaroso was sent with a tracheotomy and a feeding tube. But even with the help of two home aides paid for by Medicaid, his daughter, Carmen, still quit her job to care for him. >> You have very good technique. Just like a hospital. Better than a hospital. >> Yes, only this... you see >> Well the care that she gives him is really expert car I mean, she hasn't had medical training, but she's learned everything about his care, to the nth degree. So she knows how to take care of all of the equipment that he has. She knows how to feed him. She knows how to take ca how to take care of his trachea. Time for food. But think about it. I mean, it's a one-to-one, 24 hours a day, seven days a week. You can't get that in any institution. He just never would have been taken care of that way. (wheezing) >>Que papito, que? (wheezing, garbled speech) Okay,Papito, no problemo. Tu puedo dormir. You can sleep, okay, baby? Huh? Tranquilo. Some people feel that their kids are their they'll take care of them. It's not always the case. I don't have kids, for instanc (speaking foreign language) I really seriously have to think about what's going to happen to me when I get older. And it's not... it's kind of a scary-- scary question. I think we all want to postpon I know I do. I don't really want to But I'm faced with it every day, because Ms. Chanes? Hi. >> America is still a country which believes that the people who should care for the elderly are members of their own family. But that is now an increasingly difficult task for families. People are having fewer children. Families are smaller, less stable, geographically spread out, and the time of caregiving has gone from months before death to years and, in some cases, up to a decade or more where people simply are living longer, in conditions that are deeply needy. One study-- a very, very telling study-- shows that only those people who have three or more daughters or daughters-in-law have a better than 50% chance of not finishing their life in a nursing home or an institution. >> A policeman tells us how to go. >> ### Oh, when you're smiling ### ### the whole world smiles with you ### ### When you're laughing... ### >> What people like us need is-- isn't... >> I wrote to the maharaja and I printed it up in the page so they will see it out. You don't have to worry. I don't have to-- they don't eve I just didn't give them my name. I gave them my other name. >> ...when you have it, you don't get it. >> Even though I'm a nurse, I never imagined that I would be in a nursing home as a patient. Came in with a fractured hip and been here seven years now. No sense in crying over spilled milk. Just take things as they come. >> Are you frightened of what's ahead? >> No, I'm not afraid. I don't want to live forever. I hate to... I don't know. I hate to leave my daughter, that's all. She's 72 now, but she's doing all right. >> That's all I wish for you. (indistinct chatter) >> NARRATOR: Nearly 60% of those who live past 85 will go into a nursing home. And if they stay longer than six months, the vast majority will never leave. >> One person I visit on a regular basis in the nursing home calls it just "the waiting And she views it as, "this is where we all come And, you know, in some perspective, s I mean, that's what happens, you know? Other folks... I've seen people who thrive there. I've had patients that were at home and then went to a nursing home, and they're mu The socialization, you know, the participating in groups, having all these people around for meals, is tremendous. And they live off of it and thrive from it. So it's not always, you know, a downturn f >> Why did I leave my home? Because I was lonely. When I reached 95, 96, it was a little hard. So I had a friend here. So she said, "Come over, Clara, come over." It was all right. She was on the seven When I came I said, &nbsp; "Look, you're not alone here. "They not friends, they don't know how to be friends. "But they people. They people." And I have my-- I I getU.S. News World Report, that for 50 years we have in our home. So I have the magazines, I have the newspaper. And they people, they are people. Now, should we increase the taxes or cutting the government program such as food stamps... Food stamps, Medicaid, housing? The hardest time is I miss-- I miss my old friends. And I miss my home. And I say, "Look, you can't have everything," so I try to be happy. >> I don't know if growing old is easier here. In some ways I think it's more difficult. It think it's a lot harder in some ways to keep your independence here. So you're much more dependent upon families. Giving up independence is the worst. It is what everybody fears. It's what I fear. You have the cane in your left hand. And you move your cane forward and your right foot and then your left foot. >> NARRATOR: Dr. Bill Coch opened his practice in upstate New York over 30 year He's one of a few family physicians left in the area, and he sees thousands of elderly patients every year. (knocking) >> It's the doctor. So, where's mother? >> She's in here in her chair. We still have lots of four-generation households. It's rare that people will give up and want to put somebody in a nursing home at the first sign of trouble. Most people will go through a of trying to take care of them or in the family home, or even extended families. >> Yeah, it's Dr. Coch. How are you? I'm happy to come out and see you here. (indistinct speech) Having a family really drives ever I think it really gives people a reason to be better. It's really what their life is about, often, at the end of life, when their career is gone. It's what's important to them. >> I'm trying to think and think, and think, so that you won't forget it again. Do you hear me? Can't you do it? >> Do what? >> What you were going t "Merry Christmas, Merry Christmas to you." Chester and Rosemary Haak, married for 68 years, now share a ro Both in their 90s, he has advanced Parkinson's and she's been diagnosed with Alzheimer's. >> All right for you. You never do the right thing right and the Why do you do things like that? >> I don't know. >> Because you can't see? >> For Chase who? >> Can you imagine not being in the same ro with Mrs. Haak, or would you... >> No, I can't imagine it. I can't imagine it. >> Because he's different. Because he's different. >> Let's try to stand up, okay? Ready, on the count of three Put your hands on the walker. Right here, where we usually hold. Right here. Okay? >> Maybe just walk over to the bed. >> Oh, I'll walk over... >> NARRATOR: The Haaks c so that Mr. Haak could recover from a hospitalizati But because of his wife's worsening dementia, they were never able to leave. >> Don't you know something good when you see it? Then lay down. >> We took Dad in, and Dr and was very kind but very frank, and explained that they would not be able to go back home. >> He'll be coming back. >> I don't think anyone wants their parent or a loved one to have to be in an institution. No matter where it is, no matter how nice, no matter how great the staff is, it's still an instit And as a child, I always feel like I can make them just a tad bit more comfortable. I know their desires. I know their needs. They don't have to tell me So I've worried about everything the pillows, the heat in the room, the view, the food. But most of all that I've let them down by having to make the decisions we've made. >> Well, that isn't perfect. How are you going to make that perfect? >> With my mother it's been a slow process, but the last few months seem, for whatever reason, things have escalated. It's difficult some days when I'm not sure if she does because perhaps she's forgotten how to use her utensils. Or does she not know how to swallow? >> What do you remember? >> I remember... >> I keep trying to fix I can't, your heart-- your heart wants to fix everything. >> That's good. >> Hey, Sleeping Beauty, i will you wake up again? >> Yes, I will. >> You will? All right, I'm going to get Luc Even with my nursing background and caring for elderly and termin nothing has prepared me for taking on the role of caring for my mother. Okay, this edge. All right, now... You want your glasses >> Hi, Norma. You waiting for lunc It's a little earl >> I'm not waiting for lunch. >> You're just sitting (women singing) Oh, that's okay. Oh, I thought th >> ### Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream # ### ### ### Mr. Sandman, bring me a dream ### ### make him the cutest that I've ever seen ### ### Give him the word that I'm not a rover ### ### Then tell him that his lonesome nights are over ### ### Sandman, I'm so alone ### don't have nobody to call my own ### Good morning, Hayla, aren't you going to sing with us? Needs a little louder back here. Just a little bit. Can you turn that up an inch? ### Mr. Sandman... ### >> When you're young, you want You want to at least live to be old. But many people don't want to live forever when they're old. In fact that's their fear. I will tell patients that I think that it's time to stop curative treatments-- whether they go into hospice or not-- and just focus on function and comfort. Often that's what a person needs, is somebody who knows them, who has an ide of what their goals are, and all the other things that have impacted to tell them what to do, be that an individual or family and they would give up a certain amount of years at the end to have a good death. Hi, Wayne. I'm going to turn the television off, if tha (dog barking) So tell me how things are going. (coughs) >> Not good. >> Not good? I'm exhausted all the I... don't feel really sick. Temperature, I haven't had any. >> No temperature? >> You got quite a cough. Yeah, it's... it's loose, but I don't really bring anything up. >> You don't? >> He takes the ox And yesterday I started the morphine. The coughing... After he was diagnosed that was just a few months ago-- Dr. Coch said, "I don't want to do anything invasive." And he said, "Wayne, I don't believe that you would come through a lot of these tests that have to be." And Wayne accepted that. And I did, too. I think that none of us want to see him suffe He's been a very sick man. Really for the last year it's been quite bad. >> He had that infection... >> And he wanted to be home so badly a >> Do you have anything you want to talk with me about before I check you out? >> No, you said something abou I don't know whether I'll go a year or not. >> You mean I told you, you had a year. Did we bet on that >> I'm not going to bet with you >> Yeah, I know. Well, your time is limited and how long it is, I don't know. >> No one knows. >> No, but it could be short. I mean, it could be week I mean it could... you know, we don't know. >> Well... well. >> Well, let me check you here. Are you holding up all right? >> Yes, I get tired, but you know, I expect that I would. Here's the morphine. >> It'll be kind of tough on Lois, probably. You know. But... Yeah, it's... It's... ...kind of hard to think about it. You know, why think about it, really? >> NARRATOR: Two weeks later, Wayne Elliott would die, as he wanted, at home. >> You know, most people say they want to die at home, but most people die in the hospital. I mean, that's not what ha (radio chatter) Every day you see someone in the hospital, you have to ask yourself: Why does this person s There's lots of problems with confusion, disorien falls, and infections. I just wanted to follow up With medicines, with IVs, with tests, with all sorts of things. And sometimes, you know, you because it's there, but then you kind of and now you found something you weren' And oh, boy, now what am I Well, you do another test. And then you do an And then you say, "Wel I actually need to go stick a needle in your bone and take out some stuff." And then, okay, well, and >> After I had that terrible sur >> Okay, good, so you do remember the surgery. >> Yeah, and I shouldn't have had that. >> You don't think so? >> Why not? >> People don't have I call it cloth surgery. >> What's cloth surgery? >> Pulling cloth out of your out of your throat and stuff like that. Zig-zawing cloth through your body. I don't like that. >> Do you remember what >> NARRATOR: Georgia Days was in the early stages of dementia when doctors removed a cancerous tumor. But the hospitalization made her dementia worse, and now Dr. Farber is concerned about her recovery. >> So, we took it out. And that was a few weeks ago. But now it looks like, you know, you're hav really still eating and putting some weight back o >> Because I haven't been eating. Do you know about the procedure >> No, and I ain't too tickled about being cut on again. >> I know, I know, that's what I wanted to talk with you about. This is a small incision and they put a tube in from the outside and then we can give you all the medicines, all the nutrition, the food, the water. >> I don't kno What did you say the name of >> Its called a feeding tube. >> Feeding tube. >> Right there, right about >> And they're going to put >> Right there. A small hole, bu >> Oh, boy. >> Decision-making is a big issue for older adults. And deciding upon a course of treatment is a big ordeal. Someone who gets diagnosed with a cancer when they're older, it's a real question of, well, wait, do we want t the standard of care, which is surgery and then chemo? Or is that really not what's best in this case? Are they really too sick, and dying from other things, and it wouldn't be in their best interest to even go through a surgery like that. Hi, Mrs. Fuller. It's Dr. Farber calling. I just came from And I talk with her about stuf which is scheduled for tomorrow, okay? I know you wanted to know. It's scheduled >> NARRATOR: The feedi regain her strength, but the so she would be moved to hospice care. >> When the choice needs to be made, whether it's the patient mak the kinds of decisions they have to make sometime are completely unexpected. I had a patient with severe, severe Parkinson's disease. And one of the manifestations of his Parkinson's was that he could no longer swallow. So I had this long conversation, with his family. And basically what I tried to help them under his body can't sustain life anymore. He can't swallow food. So if we choose not to feed him, he'll die from his Parkinson's disease. If we choose to put a feeding tube into him, he won't die now. We'll have to wait for a medical catastrophe. It'll have to be an enormous infected bedsore. It'll have to be a stroke. overwhelming urinary infection, aspiration pneumonia. It's what I tried to t because we've actually caused it to happen. We've let the person live long enough that the only w for them to die-- because we didn't let them d is some medicalized catastrophe. And some families accept that. It's very hard to do, because they're le And lots of families can't. They cannot accept that. When something happens that ends life, But until that happens, they need to do everything they can to sustain someone. >> Who's ready to lost somebody from the family, especially their mother? I'm not ready. I know it will be one day. >> NARRATOR: For the past year, Dr. Farber has been working with Lucia Paunescu to keep her mother, Maria, out of a hospital and at home. >> Hi. Hi, Mrs. Pau Oh, she's sleeping Okay. >> NARRATOR: Now 96, Maria is s from chronic heart and vascular disease. >> How's mama? Da? >> Just tell It's Dr. Far Good. You have a very nice s Will you tell her? >> (speaks Romanian) >> She know she never recover. Few days ago, she was very, very, very sad, and she look at me after she had a lot of pain, and the pain calm down after the medication. And when I ask her, "What do you feel? Do you feel better?" She say, "Yes." She look at me and she say, but you never can do that again." I give her everything what I have, but I don't know what to do. And that is the hardest part, because I don't like h >> What about when she moves the leg? Yeah. >> It hurts, r She's very limited You know she has really severe arth in a lot of her joints, including th and at this point she's getting contractur >> She said the pain, what she have, she can't breathe anymore, from t >> Her mother's getting sicker overall. And we've been spending a lot of time talking about what when her time comes and how it's very clear she doesn't want her to go to the hospital, she doesn't want someone to call one of these "do not resuscitate" orders at home to put on the fridge. But it's very hard for her to kind of picture and accept the fact that she is so old and frail and not going to be around forever. >> The bright lines that used to guide us when death was swift-- technology didn't get in the way-- those lines have become blurred by lots of things. Loving families begin to wonder, "Is it love or is it cruelty "to treat this pneumonia in my "who is suffering from cancer, "and has begun to lose his of all of those things that made his life worth living?" Lots of us now want to spare our children those kinds of burdens. One hears it said over and over again, "I do not want to be a burden to my loved ones." And people write living wills and make other kinds of arrangeme precisely hoping to spare the burd but even of decision-making about what should be done with us when we get to be old, and infirm, and inca of deciding for ourselves. But the fact of the matter i to describe all of those circumstances that one is going to face. And for most of the decisions of long-te you can't write those things. >> Morning. Every day I meet a friend, an acquaintance, a relative who's caring for their parents and making these difficult decisions that no child wants to make. >> Isn't that your parking spot? >> Yes, I don't know. >> And every day there is a deci even if it's a little decision like, "Well, do they need an antibiotic?" You know, my parents do have a living will, and a healthcare proxy, but when push comes to shove, are you not going to fix that fractured hip? Are you not going to fix those fractured ribs? Are you going to allow your father to choke? Or are you going to make sure that he doesn't have popcorn and things of that nature? >> Are you ready? >> I never had anticipated nor having my parents in the situation they're in. >> Good job. Get up. Come on, tuck your b There you go. >> Our daily struggle is to continue to in having a purpose in life, because there's no question that in many aspects they've lost the quality of life. >> Don't put it out too far. Right foot. >> Right foot. >> Push through thos Walker. >> Okay, good. Oh, get that left foot right up there. >> Do you think you could find an X-ray for me? >> We sure can. >> 27463. >> A lot of what I am-- and I think a lot of people-- is what we do. And if you can't do anything To me, being unable to drive a car, to make music, to think clearly, is just... I don't want to have anything to do with it. I mean, probably at least once a week, and sometimes every day, people say, you know, "If I ever get like that, "take me out behind the barn, because I don't want Many doctors, in their practice, are confronted with situations where patients are really in desperate need. And they say, "Look, when this happens, "I want to be very clear, I don't want you to prolong my life." Or "I want you to make something availabl "you know, help me to be more comfortable, end it when I want to." Or even sometimes, y "Will you help me to Because of these experiences, I've had these discussions with my wife, too about my o and she and I are at polar opposites in terms of what our expectations are. I mean, I would clearly want to be given th If I were terminally ill or I had a progressive illness- a degenerative progressive illness that was going to gradually take away all of my functi I would want to be able to opt out. I want that control. And I don't know whether I'd ever use i but I definitely would want it. And to her, that's... it's that someone could think like that. Life is life. >> My son, w in case anything happens to me, asked me to sign a paper that would authorize termination in case of hopeless-looking condition. And I said, "No, I'm not signing that." There are a lot of cases where doctors have said this patient has three months to live and they've lived 30 years. I don't think that medicine knows everything perfectly, and that while there's life, there's hope. And it's part of my general optimism, I guess, and confidence that if it were that hopeless, my heart would intervene and say, "The end," and I'm willing to let it go at that. >> Why do you think so many people are prepared to sign, though? >> Because they don't want to see their children suffer And I said to them, "I don't care. Suffer." (laughs) >> How long would you like to live, Mrs. Singer? >> What, honey? >> How long >> Never question it, I never thought of it. I don't want to think of it. I like life. It's the sun, it's the air, it's the work, it's the books. >> It's, I think, simply not true that we can know in advance how we ourselves will feel about many of these things once we find ourselves not 45 and fit, but 75 and viewing life with a different lens. I'm trying to accept the coming limitations with a certain amount of grace. I have this perverse occupational interest to see whether, having thought about it all this time I can age better rather than worse, and be a kind of decent example to my children and to my grandchildren. It's not simply in my control. It's a time of life that interests me a lot. >> Hi, Mrs. Goff. For the first time in hi those 85 and older are the fast >> Hi, Luella. >> NARRATOR: And within 25 years there will be over elderly living in America. >> I'll be back next week. All right? >> We haven't even begun to contemplate what this means socially, in terms of the me of having all these years stacked up at the end of life. It's a lot easier for the country to think about the economic aspects. We've not yet begun to face up to what this in human terms.

  Top Comments:
  1. @frontline [305 likes]: As "Living Old" becomes newly available on our channel, America’s geriatric population is still growing and still facing many of the same challenges. READ MORE: https://www.pbs.org/wgbh/frontline/article/aging-living-old-geriatrician-shortage/
  2. @sabata-j1k2v [1 likes]: Imagine if all evil humans could live past 100 what would this world look like.
  3. @Kevin-r2d [1 likes]: Smith and wesson for me. No old folks home.
  4. @remoquadra94: I am.suicidal at 77..bipolar alone and poor
  5. @NTF1908: I thought that lady who said she’d let her children suffer - that was just awful.
  6. @NTF1908: This just shows how important it is to have brutally honest conversations about end of life  issues.
  7. @MariBereday: I hope my Dr. Well keep me a way from all these pills . I believe it's a poison. . Smoke weed or take oil herb 🌿
  8. @echolewis2821: Some countries have a reasonable national death-with-dignity option law that is extended to the elderly and mentally ill.  The predatory U.S. should have that much compassion, and the U.S. should subsidize the option for the indigent.
  9. @CathyDoherty-r8z: I took care of my husband 24/7 until his death
  10. @CathyDoherty-r8z: The doctors daughter should move closer for him
  11. @CathyDoherty-r8z: Need to encourage young people in that direction
  12. @joniweaver646: along with aging comes illness in many cases no one in this country is addressing the fact that older populations need care services which are short in supply many families are not equipped financially or physically able to care for these elderly sick people so where do they go it is a major problem in this country and we had better address it soon I worked in elder care for 30yrs and it is getting worse Imy mother was in a home it was 9000 a month she had to sell  everything to pay for it then Medicaid stepped in as she was broke this new president is cutting services what the hell will these poor elderly do I'm 70  it keeps me up at night thinking about this
  13. @djstarr-lowery4047: Here I am 2 years later at 72. 3 weeks ago I had my second knee replacement and because everything is outpatient it was traumatic because I have no family close to me. Both of my grown children live in North Carolina and I'm here in Georgia. I have grown grandsons and they were here as best they could be until last may they all graduated from college and have now moved to the "big city". The hospital actually threatened me that I could not come home alone. So as every independent and smart single woman, I lied. ""Yes my grandson is going to come when he gets off work""

This world needs to move with the times. More and more single women, Mark loving but distant and busy children do not live close to their parents.
  14. @nigelbeaumont1109: The longer we live the more lucrative it is for the Medical profession.
  15. @binevanit: I'm honestly tired of this world and I want to go home and the sooner the better ,I'm only 55 years old and my last wish is I don't want to pass 65 years, life is like a dream it comes and goes and we won't even know we ever been here.
  16. @KorneliaStevenson-g7b: Litte money 900.00$ a month... Die,back, stroke coma,bad diabetes! Can't walk allone, homeless,now 3 flore studio apartment... No help, nobody cares!!Like to live,but to die is easier!!   Kornelia Stevenson 🇩🇪🧓 The German 😮
  17. @lindacharleville3708: They double our property taxes, raise our home insurance rates, even if we have no claims, raise our insurance premiums and deductibles, ans expect us to make ends meet on a fixed social security income.  I hope i dont live to be old....I'm tired of being afraid.  I would rather be dead.
  18. @Angelum_Band: I am reading the comments of all this pathetic people and their poor "pets" condemned to live with them and thank the Multiverse for giving me understanding in this long life of mine. 
They want to live longer cause they never lived when they could.
  19. @kathleenklein4231: I've been in health care my entire adult life.  I really don't want to live to be 100 years old.  It's simply not worth it.  I think Estelle's attitude was delusional.
  20. @stevec3872: We are kept alive long past time when there is any life left to be kept, not really living, just surviving. But in the end, death always wins.

- Shining a light on seasonal affective disorder: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] shining a light on Seasonal effective disorder what is sad Seasonal effective disorder sad is a type of depression tied to seasonal shifts most often in fall winter recognizing the symptoms key symptoms include more sleep carb cravings and withdrawing socially much like depression what causes sad Research into winter sad points to less sunlight impacting vitamin D serotonin and melatonin levels effective coping mechanisms within weeks 70% of people see results from light therapy other options are vitamin D Psychotherapy or anti-depressants breaking the stigma around mental health sad peaks in January and February recognizing and seeking help is crucial in managing this condition what are some effective ways to raise awareness about bad

- The 4 Stages of Adaptation [Culture Shock]: Kind: captions Language: en When we study in another country or move&nbsp; into a new town, we are often exposed to&nbsp;&nbsp; a culture different from ours and need&nbsp; to go through four stages of transition: Honeymoon, frustration,&nbsp; adjustment, and adaptation. During stage two, some experience a real&nbsp; culture shock, severe forms of which can&nbsp;&nbsp; lead to reactions that may need medical&nbsp; attention. But before we come to that,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s first look at what happens typically. In stage 1 — honeymoon — everything is beautiful.&nbsp; The people are friendly, the culture rich, and the&nbsp;&nbsp; way of local life fascinating. We are optimistic&nbsp; and excited about all the differences. In stage 2 we feel frustration. Reality&nbsp; sets in. We have come to understand that&nbsp;&nbsp; there are plenty of barriers to connecting&nbsp; with people and have difficulty with the&nbsp;&nbsp; social norms. We start to reject local&nbsp; traditions and begin to feel homesick. The stage of adjustment is&nbsp; characterized by a growing&nbsp;&nbsp; familiarity with our new way of life.&nbsp; We begin to understand the new customs,&nbsp;&nbsp; acquire language skills, and make local&nbsp; friends. We start to feel more comfortable. Last is adaptation. During this stage, we&nbsp; gain a sense of belonging and are able to&nbsp;&nbsp; fully participate in the new culture, even while&nbsp; maintaining our own native identity. Known as the&nbsp;&nbsp; stage of mastery, we now start to feel at home.&nbsp; However, not everyone arrives at this point. Some people are excited about&nbsp; the foreign culture for months,&nbsp;&nbsp; and others start to get frustrated&nbsp; on day one. And then there are those&nbsp;&nbsp; who experience a culture shock that is so&nbsp; strong that they leave before adjusting. The Paris Syndrome is the most extreme form&nbsp; of culture shock. It typically strikes some&nbsp;&nbsp; Japanese tourists who come to the&nbsp; French capital full of excitement&nbsp;&nbsp; and romantic expectations but are then&nbsp; confronted with filth and arrogance. The 20 or so travelers that are&nbsp; reported to be hit each year,&nbsp;&nbsp; experience a wide range of psychiatric and&nbsp; psychosomatic symptoms, including anxiety,&nbsp;&nbsp; hallucinations, and vomiting. And so they&nbsp; leave deeply distressed before they adjust. Those who have adapted to a new society, may&nbsp; face a surprise when they eventually return&nbsp;&nbsp; home. After another honeymoon, they&nbsp; often enter a reverse culture shock,&nbsp;&nbsp; realizing how much they have been estranged from&nbsp; their old way of life. But it can get worse. The ones who are pushed into a new culture&nbsp; without being asked, often skip honeymoon&nbsp;&nbsp; altogether and enter straight into the stage of&nbsp; frustration. If that happens without the right&nbsp;&nbsp; support, they never really settle in, can’t&nbsp; adjust, and remain frustrated indefinitely. Studies show that toddlers who are sent for&nbsp; their first days at preschool without anyone&nbsp;&nbsp; to accompany them, experience so much anxiety&nbsp; that they can’t bond with their teachers. As a result they remain freighted to&nbsp; go and clock significantly more sick&nbsp;&nbsp; days for their entire preschool&nbsp; years. This is why good schools&nbsp;&nbsp; often demand that parents stay with their&nbsp; children until they can fully settle in. The original research on culture shock&nbsp; was conducted by Sverre Lysgaard in the&nbsp;&nbsp; 1950s after the sociologist had talked&nbsp; to many Norwegians who had spent time in&nbsp;&nbsp; the United States — mostly for academic reasons.&nbsp; Analyzing his interviews, he saw a clear pattern. The culture shock curve with happiness on one&nbsp; axis, and months in a foreign country on another;&nbsp;&nbsp; shows that, on average, the honeymoon period&nbsp; lasts for around 2 months. Then there are&nbsp;&nbsp; about 6 months of frustration before adjustment&nbsp; happens. Adaptation starts after close to a year. What about you? Did you ever travel abroad or move&nbsp; to another country where you experienced the 4&nbsp;&nbsp; stages? Share your thoughts about the theory and&nbsp; your personal experiences in the comments below! If you like this video and want us to make more,&nbsp;&nbsp; subscribe to our channel&nbsp; and support us on Patreon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @BraidenCarlstrom [1 likes]: This video is awesome!! As a person who has lived in this culture shock development for years in Madagascar, it has been so cool to see the feelings illustrated in this video. I am thankful to say that, living in a third-world country, originally from America, I have been able to see all four stages incredibly well, including friends of mine living here who got to the frustration phase and left immediately.
  2. @patricia5570 [1 likes]: Our identity 😂😂😂
  3. @ladymecha8718 [1 likes]: A Canadian here, and living in USA for 18 months was a culture shock experience.  The honeymoons was, oh Americans are so similar to Canadians.  Then was frustration on how things were different, like no vinegar for fries.  Acceptance was enjoying the choices of barbecue and hot sauces for fries.  Adaption was marrying an American. 😂
  4. @Losttribeswoman: This study is treating every country as if it were the same in terms of one's possible ease of adjustment and adaption. Some cultures are low context and open to difference, whereas others can be very exclusive and strictly adhere to in-group and out-group identification. A country like this socializes its citizens to see difference as a threat. I live in a country where other foreigners I've met say that in twenty years, they've never been able to make a local friend. Others say that even when their children are born and raised in the country, they are never seen as part of the country. Such insular and xenophobic environments can prolong the frustration phase indefinitely.
  5. @cheesy_ground_beef: I moved to Japan a little less than a uear ago. I never had a honeymoon phase; I've stayed in frustration/absolute terror from day 1 🤪
  6. @mahgolbahrami2307: That was incredibly helpful😱🤌🏻 Thank you🎉❤
  7. @skinni153: moved from italy to romania and i'm honestly tired right now, i already knew the romanian culture cause i left romania at 4 and went in italy.  i really miss italy but i can't go back
  8. @boobee-7: Wow 
Such a useless video
A waste of time
  9. @Npan-e9u: My honeymoon phase wears down very quick. I dont adapt well i guess.
  10. @supergamer-tr1uf: I experienced all this stage when i moved to American. The first stage after i moved America when i was 12 years old (aka 8 years ago). At first, i was excited, and i was living the honeymoon phase in one year, but as a year goes by, i start to get used to it, and it stop feelings fun but it more like living every day life.
  11. @RuodeYin: Just came to live abroad, the language is not good, now study hard, is overcoming difficulties.
  12. @gmin3989: It’s very sad the adaptation:(
  13. @SHAHWANI1: ❤❤❤🎉🎉🎉
  14. @Tantine_corrine: Y a pas un raclos qui peux me faire un résumé
  15. @vincewhite5087: Should see how much America make many sick.
  16. @samMVcoach: Many times, it's the same in marriage; that's where the concept of the first year of marriage comes from.
  17. @lazyscorpion3889: This was my 10 years in Asia. I almost went to a mental facility😅 never again. I reached the 4th stage in Korea but I must say I was suicidal and depressed. I couldn't wait to see another peaceful culture.
My adaptation in middle east never occured and in Korea it came after 5years. Honeymoon was a good 1year 😊
  18. @SatchPatch25: I'm a Floridan born and raised Puerto Rican and moved to Puerto Rico 3 months before Hurricane Maria. I think in my particular case I was forced into adaptation before frustration set in. I'm not saying there weren't times where I felt hopeless because there definitely were but I couldn't let it get to me. We had to survive and follow daily routines in order to do so. We had no electricity for 5-6 months. I had my 2 year old daughter and 9 year old sister I had to care for and moving back was not an option. After we got our electricity and a few months passed is when I think frustration set in for me. Now that things were supposed to be "normal" I expected everything to go a certain way and it didn't. It led to a lot of depression. Especially with everything that we had already went through. I got through it though and I'm still here!
  19. @pumpkingamebox: I think I’ve experienced remote culture shock with Japan. Anime fan as the honeymoon period, the frustration when I took Japanese culture classes and started learning about everything that is wrong with their society. Baby, they’re in just as much shit as we are, except theirs is wasabi/durian flavored. And that was my conclusion 7 years ago! Now, I don’t want to even think about it. The falling yen particularly causing the entire stock market to crash. Sheesh. 

But after taking some Japanese classes and visiting Japan for a couple of weeks. I’m weighing which problems I’d rather have; my countries, or Japans (plus those caused by immigration of course.)
  20. @CleoPhoenixRT: I moved from Birmingham, Alabama, a massive city with a large black population to Rural Alaska (for my husband) and wondered if there was a name to describe how i felt. I  noticed when I'm out in the forests alone, I felt in my element, but when I'm around other people I feel...almost angry. Out of place. Anxious. Head on a swivel. I went through 3 counselors because they couldn't pinpoint the issue but this is it! I can form a plan now, thank you.

- Learn a new culture | Julien S. Bourrelle | TEDxArendal: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] I had a great pleasure to live in Spain for two years in Spain when you come into a shop you say hola the cashiers replies hola and then everyone else in the shops replies ora it looks a little bit like this and you feel very much welcome I was in Spain this summer I came back to Norway where I live and then I got into a grocery store and then I said hi suddenly people are wondering why is he saying hi because they're expecting me to start a conversation to ask a questions greetings means something different there much more purposeful they're much more pragmatic and this is one of the first thing you realize when you move to a different culture yeah it's the outer shelf of culture and it's not just about greetings it's about how you do it and when you do it I was born and raised in a french-speaking part of Canada and like in that part of the world like in many other places around the world when you leave an event or you leave a party you're gonna go around and say goodbye to everyone so you're gonna go around and shake hands with every man and kiss every women it's expected it's welcome it's part of the cultural rituals and norms actually if you don't do this you will feel a little bit uneducated if you do this in Scandinavia you're weird yeah why would you go and disturb someone in the middle of a conversation just to say goodbye when you know you're gonna see the person again yeah greetings is the outer shelf of culture and this is one of the first challenges you will meet changing culture people like to call me the rocket scientist which is not entirely true I studied Astro dynamic which is a subfield of mechanical engineering studying the rigid body motion of human made made spacecraft outside the Earth's atmosphere something quite different than culture and social anthropology yet it is through studying rocket science that I've learned about culture when I was 20 years old I had never been outside Canada and I could only speak French 10 years later I had lived in five different countries and learned four new language and in each of these countries I've made a conscious effort to observe how people behaved and communicated and that my own behaviors and ways to communicate to these people so that they feel comfortable around me and this is what I'm trying to do today that's the reason I'm here today and the reason why I wake up every morning I go around the world helping people to communicate across cultures I help people to see the behaviors of others not based on what it means in their own culture but based on what it means in the cultures of others I was in the very remote region in Sichuan province in China I was sitting in a bus in the morning and the bus was starting to drive it was pretty empty when I sat in but then silently people started to come in and at one point was completely full and a woman that was older than me came into the bus since I was born and raised in in in a Latin culture my mom has always told me to leave my seat for women and so I I stood up and I indicated she could set and then she said no and since I had been living in certain countries in Europe and learned that when a woman says no like this you should just sit down in silence and look down and don't say anything yeah so so I did that but then something very special happened she looked at me she smiled and then she sat on me [Applause] [Laughter] but not only did she sit on me in that part of China people don't have hair on their arms so she was sitting on me pulling my hair and laughing about it with everyone else in the bus yeah as you can imagine this not this did not feel very comfortable for me but it seemed to be quite comfortable for her because she sat there for half an hour yeah and everyone was laughing so I thought okay Julien just tried to enjoy the moment and so I started to laugh with them and and you know well is a long bus drive and what that meant was that 2p2 families felt very comfortable and they ended up inviting me for dinner that night when we arrived to the village and I ended up to stay over a couple of nights at one of the family because I've managed to put myself in a situation that was uncomfortable for me and and become comfortable so the locals felt that they were much closer than me and this is what we're trying to do when we learn a new culture it's about learning to be comfortable in what is uncomfortable how is it possible that it is more comfortable for a Chinese woman's which to sit on a stranger than it is for us to sit next to someone that we've been commuting with for years but never talk to personal space is very cultural now but what is culture culture is our mental programming this is our mental programming that tells us what is good behaviors or bad behaviors wanted or unwanted behaviors what we should do or don't do what is welcome and not welcome and now I'm not just talking about national cultures we also have subculture it could be an organizational culture the culture you have within a company or an organization or it could be also a different culture and different social economy group within the same society and all of these group all of these cultures have rituals and have norms that we need to respect and if you want to feel part of that group you need to adapt your own behaviors to that one group there's the outer shelf of culture and there's also the inner shelf of culture the outer shelf is everything we can see the nonverbal the verbal the inner self is more the valley the logic of socialization how we understand in a deeper way the cultures were interacting with I was invited to a wedding its Switzerland and it was a Swiss German girl that was marrying a Lebanese man and when I came into the church the two families were sitting there on the water side was the Swiss German family they were all sitting in silence looking straight waiting for the ceremony to start on the other side was the Lebanese family before their ceremony even started the women were crying the men were talking loudly the kids were running around it looked a little bit like this if you've been to a multicultural wedding you may relate quite easily you could feel the cultural tension the cultural differences actually in the middle of the ceremony when the man need down to put the ring in his wife's finger three people from the Lebanese side jumped on stage to take a picture of the man kneeling down to the great despair of the Swiss German well behaved family but luckily that evening the Lebanese people had brought musical instrument while they started to play the Swiss German started to drink and within a few hours the Swiss Germans we're dancing on the table on the Lebanese beer and they've been dancing there up until four o'clock the next morning and both family live happily since then and now this is what we try to do to bridge culture we try to find these musical instrument that will make people jump on table and dance on table we need to try to find these tools that make people understand the world and connect despite the cultural differences and this is a lot about emotion if you come from a culture where the emotion is very obvious when you meet someone and you're very happy you're showing it to the person you're showing you're very happy maybe you're going to hug the person you're showing it very clearly if you're angry you're gonna do the same you're gonna show that you're angry and the person will see it very clearly so if you come from a culture like this and you you move into a culture where emotions are much more subtle and you try to interpret the behaviors fathers it may look something like this for you so you see that maybe the person is very happy or very angry however BAE's in your own cultural perspective you won't be able to identify that because happiness and being angry is expressed in such a much more obvious part so you may end up to completely misinterpret the emotional feedback you get from another person the key here is to observe and and and pick up what are the subtle differences and it's also to see the world not based on what it means in your own culture but based on what it means in the cultures of others the lens through which your brain sees the world shapes your reality if you can change the lens not only can you change the way you perceive other people's behaviors but you can allow yourself to see the world in someone else's perspective and if we manage to do this we're going to manage to solve some of the biggest problem we're facing in society today which is to make multicultural organization in society work well I like to see cultures as extremes or I like to represent extremes of culture so that people see the differences and today I'm going to be using fruits to sort of express different type of culture extremes of course so the first one is the warm culture is the culture which is very soft from the outside you feel very welcomed and I've want to use the peach to represent best so and we can think here about for example an American woman you don't know her very well and she wants to show that she's happy to see you so she will be doing something like oh my god I'm so happy to see you and come closer to you maybe hug you and say you know that I love you and you feel you feels very soft and and she really wants you to be there and so that's the soft culture the other culture I like to represent is the coconut culture in a coconut culture is different it's a bit of the faces we saw just now it's much more subtle emotions you have more physical distance you may not invite people easily to your to your activity there's a distance actually these are the cultures that very often we considered as cold culture but these people are not college is that it takes more time to build up trust to actually get to know the people once you Ragna call after a few months or a few years yeah you're coming into that coconut and it's beautiful inside it's great inside a coconuts the same in this culture in the peach culture when you try to get the to know the person very often you're going to hit the stone and it's actually quite difficult to get to know these people so it's just an inversion being aware of this when you move to a different culture when you try to learn a different culture will give you tools not to misinterpret the behaviors of others up until now I've been concentrating on the outer shelf of culture I want to finish on something which is much deeper into us our value and to try to represent this I I will talk about equality most of the world believe that we should have a certain level of equality actually most of the world believes that we should have a certain level of equality of opportunities but what does that mean the meaning changes a lot depending on which culture you're in one culture may see equality of opportunity as providing the same resources to everyone something like this so whatever your potential you're gonna provide the same resources so that everyone can flourish to their full potential other cultures around the world equality of opportunity doesn't mean this what it means is that we're gonna help those who are struggling the week's in society so that at anytime in in time any point in time they will have the same opportunity to succeed as the one that art is strong another representation of equality of opportunity would be maybe where I am more from where you will put a threshold and you will say for example in the education system you will say if you get straight A's if you're in the top 5% of the class you're gonna get this amazing scholarship to go to this amazing university yeah you under interpret that it's the same opportunity for everyone to get that scholarship you just need to get good grades right but yet only the strongest people would get that and then they will get all the resources funneled towards these that have managed to get that threshold now when you come from a society like this where we're the strongest people are being pushed forward and you come into a society where we have a tendency to help the weak you may find a lot of frustration because you're used to working very hard and then getting a reward because you work very hard but in these culture if you work very hard maybe we're gonna give the the reward to those who are struggling because this is our understanding of the quality challenge yourself to see the world in the perspective of others challenge yourself to be more aware of your own biases of your own expectations and in the way you perceive other people's behaviors if we all do this we're gonna solve some of the biggest challenges our societies and generations is facing thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @salmanalishamsagos [3 likes]: Wow this a one of greatest.
  2. @Vampster19CockedD20 [1 likes]: Great talk... I like this guy
  3. @BilalAfzal-rb5ro [1 likes]: Extraordinary
  4. @streettalk4thesoul [1 likes]: wow! lots of feathers got ruffled here. the speaker is just like every one of us:  instead of crucifying the guy, recognize that WE ALL draw conclusions about other cultures based on our own experiences.
  5. @chhumchheang5197 [1 likes]: It is really important for me how know about culture.
Thanks this video.
  6. @giffardsercombe3169 [1 likes]: a reasonably fun talk, albeit simplistic. cultures need not have any relation to nations in ways he suggests.
  7. @ashwaganda: Not doing his audience a favour by converying the "meritocracy myth" BS (the "strong, who work hard", "the weak", etc.) - is he bold enough (and honest enough, being himself, a white man, probably cis, etc.) to talk about privilege and social inequalities, which are structurally passed on through generations?
  8. @BluAravena: Socialism, Communism, and Capitalism.
  9. @nguoibinhthuong98: the topic about the equality is great, it makes me understand something
  10. @АсылбекСанжар-у4р: путь к разным мое поведение слишком отличается
  11. @АсылбекСанжар-у4р: сознательное усилие
  12. @andreperusso: At the end of the video, he is dangerously overemphasising the importance of culture. Not everything is a reflex of culture.
  13. @R.KLibra: Nice one
  14. @haidikariem7342: 2:54
  15. @CrimsonHunterStudyingforeigncu: You have a good video
  16. @JohnSmith-bb1sv: For people to co-exist, they need to share moral values. The people who immigrate into the host culture must adapt their moral values to those of the host people. They must also fully and completely adopt the host language. They have to assimilate. Multiculturalism is just unnatural - it always results in ethnic violence. People need to either assimilate or else be separate from each other.
  17. @IntheFootstepsofCultures: Hello😊, we recommend that you familiarize yourself with our account, in which we talk about interesting cultures and traditions from all over the world. I would say don't miss this information. ✨
  18. @syppy7416: (insert that one Mark Twain Quote here)
no I'm not trying to be sarcastic or funny, I just can't remember it ATM
  19. @fjordhellas4077: Julien Bourrelle has a shallow knowledge of world cultures, and he demonstrates it when talking about the Chinese woman in the bus.
  20. @Charles-sg9zu: I’m in the UK. One of my friends ask me what I had eaten for lunch. I said “a steak 🥩 “. He said “Jesus”.

- Adapting a new culture: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Berlin although I am from India due to my job requirements and career development I had to work in different countries in Middle East and Africa many of my friends have requested me to share my experience as expect as well as asked me to reveal the tricks to add just a foreign culture it's always tempting to share experiences of living in a foreign country exclusively with those who are already accepts or planning to visit or stay in other country adapting a foreign culture has always been difficult but for carrier growth transfer job study or business purpose an individual and his or her family needs to relocate and adapt the culture of the new land if you were to leave on what in a foreign culture you are likely to experience situations where your normal natural comfortable default behavior turns out to be ineffective or in appropriate for a situations you find yourself in this is commonly known as cultural gap cultural differences usually include language religion political organization customs and more the cultural gap may lead to cultural shock for at a personal level three types of energy are required for the necessary adjustments they are manger which is to figure out what's happening and how to respond second is emotion such as anxiety about the new environment threat of taking risks etc and also the physical to accommodate the bodily implications of stress excitement etc health in order to get the most out of your expect experience you need to break out of your comfortable shell after a while and try to mingle in the local culture before landing in the new country it's always better to gather some information about the country its culture food habit etc read books arrange video tips check out some websites also and talk with your colleagues who have been there and contact embassy or consulate of the country very important to keep an open mind don't keep any barrier our by default Indians is that our culture is the best and others are bad was for an event was come out from your default behavior and start understanding new laughs culture learning the local language will be an added advantage it will not only increase your communication skills with the locals but will also help to be more acceptable to the locals try to greet locals in their own language for example if you are in the Middle East to greet a local instead of using good morning or good afternoon you assalamo alaikom in Africa you may use Hikaru Boni etc in Yoruba or say Jambo to address someone with hello in Swahili mingle with the locals in your new environment read newspaper to get up-to-date with the local happenings ask questions and attend local events and festivals most importantly enjoy every bit of moment have a sense of humor don't be too tensed when you are attending in local so self party laugh at yourself in case of any CAF others will also join you so don't be accessed enjoy every bit of life in the foreign country

  Top Comments:
  1. @karimtutu9130 [2 likes]: Hi Pallab, if you don't mind just a small correction. In Kenya, we prefer Habari. Jambo is what tourists say just like hakuna matata. Thanks. Enjoyed your vid.
  2. @sabeetashaheen9313 [1 likes]: ❤
  3. @RachelSmets [1 likes]: Love it! I’ve moved to many countries, on my own, and yes, learn about the culture is KEY! I am a culture trainer, so it’s my passion.
The experience is amazing and life changing though.
After many countries, I wrote a book and decided to help people plan and prioritize  their journey abroad. 
Living a freedom lifestyle is what I do now and I continue to travel.
My videos are about how to live and enjoy this lifestyle, I really hope any people overcome doubts and fears and do it!

Love your video, liking and subscribing. Pleasure to support!

Happy journey, 
Rachel
  4. @duckyarora: thanks!!! your video was really helpful

- The process of cultural adaptation - Priyanka Banerjee: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hello everyone thanks Daniel and thank you all of the speakers for your wonderful speeches we are totally inspired and pumped up but now you can guys get a bit relaxed because now what I'm going to talk you can relate to it all of you can so I'm going to talk about how can you be a culture ninja before that how many of you here originally do not belong to planet Finland can you raise your hand I'm moving like that what would move it guys you're alive and how many you feel aspire to go to a different country to work for exchange or to retire yeah that's great move it again the only reason I'm asking to move it because my dad always says you got to move your audience with your speech girl and because all of you here are or would be experiencing a new culture sooner or later in your life I have been working in India for quite a long time and working as a IT consultant in one of the top ten multinational companies of the world for over four years and then starting my master's in Finland and to being an aspiring entrepreneur I met thousands of people a lot of countries different nationalities and cultures and each time I learned something very new and today therefore I'm going to tell you how can you integrate yourself very easily into a new culture and enrich yourself within that so ok can I be a culture ninja that was my first experience when I had the first day very excited day of my work and I was going to a bus station to very wide looking Finnish men suddenly springs off their seats and I was like do I smell like paddy well I was going through a very finished problem and my mind was in utter confusion my honeymoon period with Finland the first time I came was not going very intimate this is most of the time known as culture shock by many people your mind is confused because your mind is brained or wired in certain way that you see the world with your own cultural glasses and it was slowly moving me to words what I call smartypants syndrome I was thinking I'm Cersei Lannister and whatever I say and do and believe about the new culture is right and that made my decision that finns are rude and racist people and my opinion of seeing this country totally changed and this was taking me towards something which you all might have seen very common sight when people they are confused about their feelings they try to make small groups or community of people where they find themselves comfortable there where they find the warmth and you can see most of these groups are closed groups so the growth opportunities are also closed it's good most of the times but most of the times this alienation is the last step people go through in the cultural exposure stage what does that mean it means that you are living in your own mindset in a different country being foreigners no matter how many years you live here only a little bit small percentage of people who are a bit adventurous try to adapt things what do you mean by adaptation seeing yourself in someone else's shoes not quite literally but how easy you think it is it is as easy as the wearing my heels and hosting this stage sounds interesting it's quite easy you know but how seeking this answer I very angrily one day went to one of my colleagues and started Mika what's your problem why are you so rude you're always always sending me emails when you're sitting just two arms away from me and a very startled finish low voicemail I was just trying to give you some space you are new I don't want to bother you what we were doing that time is a very simple concept we call communication the effect was that not we not only increase the efficiency of work by cutting down our email exchange timings but also I learned that all the Finns are not rude and racist he was an amazing person and he was brilliant he taught me so many new framers we I have never even seen and that's my friends communication the most underrated thing that we know can resolve 90% of the problems in the world and still we neglected especially in the countries like Finland where the problem is language we tend to blame well I don't know Finnish I can't communicate I can't be in someone else's shoes but then you have to start somewhere start small start with your colleagues join a sports team I literally learned I have a lot to learn but barely managed to do ice skating by seeing our just visualizing the person who was teaching me I'm not where I did at it but still I tried take a bet go to a dog parks I saw really good communications there or come to fall up it's a really great place but the most effective thing that I would say that I happen to me is date someone now how you're going to find a boyfriend or girlfriend in feel any other country is a totally different speech topic and we will do that some day later I'm sure until then my friends don't waste your time you know communication is important being a smarty pants alien with a confused mind is not fun the fun is when you learn what the culture is about the fun is when you understand it I know a lot of people over here right now can associate themselves with some way or the other where do they belong I would ask all of you to go home and think where you are how you want to progress or maybe when you go into a new culture how easy it would be to become a ninja don't waste your steps on isolating yourself just go and incorporate adaptation as a main switch to master the cultures and I would like to end by saying ah the code was not visible but it is one of my famous one of my favorites song colors of the wind and there is a lyrics line of that but if you walk the footsteps of the stranger you will learn the things you never knew you never knew thank you everyone and have an amazing day [Applause]

  Top Comments:
  1. @suhailbhat1996 [4 likes]: It would have been better if you didn't use the fake accent
  2. @StephenLoweFinland: Well presented.
  3. @rachitvijay2023: Inspirational speech ..
  4. @anjanasinha8035: Amazing, Proud of you
  5. @sweetdecibel8464: Awesome presentation sonu.. Stay blessed

- Living as Seasonal Residents WITHOUT being Retired or Rich!: Kind: captions Language: en hi y'all welcome to those seasonal residents we are not retired not rich seasonal residents who own a home in smalltown Wisconsin and a home on the Gulf Coast of Florida this is my husband Trevor the lifelong wisconsinite and stay-at-home dad and this is me I'm Anastasia I was born and raised on the golf clast of Florida in Tampa Florida I'm currently the bread winner of the family this is our daughter Leia the mermaid she was born in Florida and this is link our son who was born in Wisconsin these are our adventures splitting our time between sunny Florida and beautiful Wisconsin our channel is all about navigating life as seasonal residents we share our favorite hidden spots along the Florida's Gulf Coast that only natives would know and Wisconsin Countryside let's dive into the fun and challenges of homeschooling and stay-at-home parenting you get the best of both worlds Sun and Sand lakes and woods you can discover practical tips for living in two places without breaking the bank trust us you don't have to be rich you can join us for the candid looks into our daily lives and our adventures if you love Family Adventures practical tips and a bit of fun or craziness hit that subscribe button join us on this journey of living between two amazing worlds see you in our next video thanks so much for watching

- Seasonal Living at Revel: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Revel is a portfolio of 13 independent living communities in the western us we offer several Innovative programs for our residents one of those programs is Revel seasonal residences it's vacation rental inspired for people who love to travel who want to live somewhere seasonally who love the snowbird Sunbird lifestyle and we have set everything up to make that life easy at Rebel originally I was only going to stay 3 months and after about 6 weeks I decided well why would I go home to an empty house when I have a community here this program has been so well received that we have seasonal residents guests who become permanent residents at Revel and that is something we're so proud of that they get a taste of the lifestyle and the experience and decide to call Revel home everyone accepted me I became part of a huge family and everybody was so friendly and warm and nice and I just I loved everything about it when you stay at Rebel as part of our seasonal residences program you are set up in a fully furnished and fully stocked apartment home Rebel communities are pet friendly so your four-legged friend can come with you and we want seasonal guests to be a part of the community we want them to dine in our restaurant and join in on activities to use the fitness Studio to swim in the pool we really want them to get the whole Rebel experience I have everything here that I would want the activities are super we have a exercise room a beauty salon even the restaurant's great I could live any other place that is an option that I have and I can't imagine any place that I would enjoy more at reel it is all about supporting residents in their freedom to choose what they want to do and to go on adventure and live life on their terms

- Farm & Family, Tuscany - Fattoria Poggio Alloro - A story about family, food and love!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Located in the heart of Tuscany, nestled on&nbsp; rolling hills between the cities of Florence and&nbsp;&nbsp; Siena, lies the medieval town of San Gimignano.&nbsp; Surrounded by stone walls that were built in the&nbsp;&nbsp; 13th century, the town is dominated by a skyline&nbsp; of medieval towers. A UNESCO World Heritage site,&nbsp;&nbsp; San Gimignano is an important agriculture area&nbsp; well known for its production of saffron and&nbsp;&nbsp; Vernaccia wine. Back in the 1950s, Amico, Bernardo&nbsp; and Umberto Fioroni came to this bountiful region&nbsp;&nbsp; of Italy looking for work as sharecroppers. It&nbsp; was the brother's dream to escape their home in&nbsp;&nbsp; Marche and its harsh working conditions to find a&nbsp; new home where they would plant roots for future&nbsp;&nbsp; generations of their family to grow. This is&nbsp; Fattoria Poggio Alloro, a family farm in Tuscany. Set beneath the medieval town of San Gimignano,&nbsp; far away from Italy's bustling cities, Fattoria&nbsp;&nbsp; Poggio Alloro is a magical piece of Tuscany.&nbsp; Home to the Fioroni's for 70 years, the family&nbsp;&nbsp; still practices a simple way of life where time&nbsp; spent with family and friends always comes first. A year around destination, guests travel from&nbsp; all over the world to taste Tuscany's unique,&nbsp;&nbsp; authentic flavors, and nowhere are they&nbsp; more delicious than here at Fattoria&nbsp;&nbsp; Poggio Alloro, where everything&nbsp; produced is all natural and 100%&nbsp;&nbsp; organic [Music] chef and sommelier Sarah&nbsp; Fioronei, daughter of Amico and his wife&nbsp;&nbsp; Rosa grew up on the farm and currently&nbsp; oversees its day-to-day operations bonjouro [Music]&nbsp;&nbsp; I will move you to the desk. Since my family&nbsp; arrived here, we had five generation living&nbsp;&nbsp; in this farm. My grandparents, they were here&nbsp; with my parents when everything started. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; they were the really first generation here.&nbsp; My father and his two brother and their wife,&nbsp;&nbsp; of course, they were the second generation. I'm&nbsp; the youngest of the third generation. And we do&nbsp;&nbsp; have the four generation already working full-time&nbsp; in the farm. And one of them is Marco and has a&nbsp;&nbsp; beautiful baby girl, Anna. And she's the fifth&nbsp; generation here in this place. [Music] When my&nbsp;&nbsp; family purchased this place, it was only 50&nbsp; acres. And now we have 300 acres of vineyard,&nbsp;&nbsp; olive trees, grain, saffron, fruits,&nbsp; vegetable. We also have the Chianina cows,&nbsp;&nbsp; the pigs, rabbits, chicken, 17 different&nbsp; type of wines, extra virgin olive oil,&nbsp;&nbsp; and even the bees for the honey production.&nbsp; We are almost 100% self-sufficient. Umberto, the eldest of the Fioroni&nbsp; brothers, passed away back in 2016. But Bernardo and Amico are still&nbsp; keeping the farm running strong. Rain or shine, Amico can be found working&nbsp; the fields or tending to his garden,&nbsp;&nbsp; L' Orto di Amico, where he spends countless&nbsp; hours cultivating his prized organic produce. I love to think about Amico's garden, L'&nbsp; Orto di Amico as Amico's kingdom. So that's&nbsp;&nbsp; the his favorite place in the farm. That's&nbsp; the place where he loves to spend most of&nbsp;&nbsp; his time away from everyone. I think it's&nbsp; not just about um the passing of the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; the slow movement, the art that he used doing&nbsp; that, but this real satisfaction is feeling&nbsp;&nbsp; providing all this wonderful amazing fresh&nbsp; food to the family and the guest. [Music] While Amico spends much of his day working in the&nbsp; garden, Bernardo can often be found pruning the&nbsp;&nbsp; farm's olive trees or working in the barn with his&nbsp; Chianina cows. [Music] This is my uncle Bernardo,&nbsp;&nbsp; 82 years old. He's taking care of the cows&nbsp; every single day. He love all of them. He&nbsp;&nbsp; even named them with typical uh cows name like&nbsp; Moon, Daisy, Trouble if they're a troublemaker, Diana, Doria, Luna, Lina. There&nbsp; are also some ladies name around Marta Mora. This is all our little baby of Chianina cows. How&nbsp; cute they are. When they born, they are totally&nbsp;&nbsp; brown, light brown. And when they grow up around&nbsp; their second or third month of life, the hair will&nbsp;&nbsp; change and they became from brown to white. White&nbsp; is the typical color of the Chianina cows. &nbsp;&nbsp; Come on bud. Fattoria Poggio Alloro may be located in the&nbsp; heart of Tuscany, but you'll also find a little&nbsp;&nbsp; piece of Texas here, too. Sarah's husband, Russ.&nbsp; [Music] Even if we are a real Italian family,&nbsp;&nbsp; we have a very strong American presence here.&nbsp; It's my husband, the Texano. [Music] When Russell first arrived, it wasn't very easy. My father&nbsp; is from a different time of the history. Born&nbsp;&nbsp; in 1935 and Russ is full of tattoos, smoking&nbsp; cigarettes. So my father wasn't really happy. He call him animale or many other names that I&nbsp; cannot repeat. When I showed up here 10 years ago,&nbsp;&nbsp; Amico wasn't the greatest fan of mine, but the&nbsp; language barrier and the style you know, barrier.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh, it actually ended up being okay because we&nbsp; have a lot of similarities. So, I think that&nbsp;&nbsp; we've become not only uh great friends, but sorry&nbsp; to say almost best friends, you know. So, Oh. Oh, bravo. I was worried for a second. I&nbsp; asked him if we're friends and he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Of course, lots of friends.&nbsp; We're friends of the skin." To tell you a little bit&nbsp; about Amico. When he works,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's not only just making money. It's also&nbsp; making moments and uh memories and stories&nbsp;&nbsp; because it's all about food. Everything&nbsp; he does is basically food related. I asked him, "In your life, what's more&nbsp; important than the quality of food?" And he said,&nbsp;&nbsp; "Work. Who's going to do this work? Who? Look&nbsp; at me. I'm working." So, he loves work and food. He says with the work that's how you make the&nbsp; food if you don't work the food doesn't come.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuscany has long inspired travelers to come and&nbsp; explore its rich culture, especially the cities&nbsp;&nbsp; of Florence and Siena, where medieval architecture&nbsp; and important works of art are major attractions.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuscany's historic landmarks aren't the only&nbsp; draw. Agricultural tourism now plays an important&nbsp;&nbsp; role. Today, visitors are venturing beyond the&nbsp; city gates for an authentic taste of Tuscany's&nbsp;&nbsp; food and wine culture. And there's no better&nbsp; place to find it than Fattoria Poggio Alloro. This is my cousin, Renzo, one of the most&nbsp; popular guys in the farm. Everybody knows&nbsp;&nbsp; him and he's ready to greeting all our guest.&nbsp; The agriturismo concept started in Italy back&nbsp;&nbsp; in the 90's and that was all about to help the&nbsp; farmers. So to transform what they had unused&nbsp;&nbsp; like barn or other building transforming it into&nbsp; rooms or restaurant and to offer to the guests&nbsp;&nbsp; a full experience into a real working farm. At&nbsp; the beginning back in the 90s I believe people&nbsp;&nbsp; really took advantage of the whole concept of&nbsp; agriturismo. So they were coming staying more&nbsp;&nbsp; time in the farm and not being so in rush&nbsp; to visit everything in few days. Nowadays&nbsp;&nbsp; everything goes a little bit more faster. So&nbsp; people still really appreciate the life in the&nbsp;&nbsp; farm but it's not like it used to be before.&nbsp; They don't take part of the harvest. They&nbsp;&nbsp; don't take part of the whole agriculture. They&nbsp; definitely like the romance but not the work. Poggio Alloro is a family run farm, but it also&nbsp; takes a whole support crew to keep it going 7&nbsp;&nbsp; days a week. In the butchery, 77 year-old Gianini,&nbsp; who's been butchering since he was 15 years old,&nbsp;&nbsp; supplies the kitchen, where Gena and Ramba&nbsp; are preparing the farm's seasonal favorites. Our staff in the kitchen is amazing. They work so&nbsp; hard making delicious sauce for the pasta using&nbsp;&nbsp; all the fresh ingredients from the farm and is&nbsp; a non-stop work from the morning to the evening. Her name is Donatina, but we call her Ramba.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is the female name for Rambo&nbsp; because she's strong like Rambo. So a typical lunch and dinner at the&nbsp; farm is a real experience. You got to&nbsp;&nbsp; taste everything that is coming fresh from&nbsp; the farm and daily. I like to think about&nbsp;&nbsp; our concept more than farm to table...&nbsp; a table in the farm. In fact our tables&nbsp;&nbsp; they are right in the middle of the&nbsp; farm where everything grows around. It's been our tradition since the 90's since&nbsp; the 91 when we opened the agriturismo to serve&nbsp;&nbsp; dinner in long table family style and since that&nbsp; moment everybody loved and embraced this concept&nbsp;&nbsp; so they love to sit all together meet new people&nbsp; making new friendship and I have to say that after&nbsp;&nbsp; over 35 years we still have people that became&nbsp; friends at the farm they're still coming back&nbsp;&nbsp; in vacation or they send us letter or postcards&nbsp; about those friendship they started at the farm.&nbsp;&nbsp; Compliment. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.&nbsp; Thank you. Fresh pasta with homemade meat sauce,&nbsp;&nbsp; pork tenderloin, succulent roast chicken,&nbsp; grilled ribs with pork sausage, and famed&nbsp;&nbsp; Florentine t-bone steak. All big favorites&nbsp; served family style with lots of wine. [Music] I think in the garden of Amico's pride and joy is&nbsp; probably going to be the tomatoes. He loves them&nbsp;&nbsp; and they don't last long, you know, like 3 or 4&nbsp; months and you're done. From planting to making&nbsp;&nbsp; all the uh conserva like the tomato sauce we&nbsp; use in the winter, but definitely it's tomatoes. Well, welcome to our greenhouse. First of all, we&nbsp; have probably, I would say, 10 different types of&nbsp;&nbsp; tomatoes in here. canestrino, we have ultima,&nbsp; we have brutti e buoni, we have ebano, we have&nbsp;&nbsp; um a piccadilly, we have little ones&nbsp; and big ones. And I am from Texas so&nbsp;&nbsp; I do have one jalapeno. These tomatoes are&nbsp; a type of tomato that are not artisinal but&nbsp;&nbsp; um heirloom I believe and these are types&nbsp; that you will not find in a normal grocery&nbsp;&nbsp; store because they're not considered&nbsp; perfect. They have too many lines,&nbsp;&nbsp; too many dents, too many something. But&nbsp; to us that is the sign of perfection. You know, doing this kind of work&nbsp; to me is very therapeutic. I mean,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's productive in a couple ways. I mean,&nbsp; just doing the same movement over and over,&nbsp;&nbsp; you obviously get better and you don't think&nbsp; about anything but what you have to do. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; there's no more problems in my life when&nbsp; I'm doing, you know, this kind of work. [Music] When we bottle the tomato,&nbsp; we throw some salt and some basil&nbsp;&nbsp; in tomato for the flavor. After we&nbsp; put it in the jar or the bottle,&nbsp;&nbsp; we are going to boil this for 30 minutes. Then&nbsp; we will let it rest in the water and cool it&nbsp;&nbsp; down. And this will create the vacuum&nbsp; to keep the tomato for a longer time. My favorite recipe in the winter time when&nbsp; we mix all these fresh ingredients from the&nbsp;&nbsp; garden is for example the beef sauce for the&nbsp; pasta because we have those amazing tomato&nbsp;&nbsp; bottles that we use for our ragu and so we&nbsp; can use it for the pasta anytime we want it.&nbsp;&nbsp; I know exactly what is the secret for&nbsp; a great ragu like the beef sauce. It&nbsp;&nbsp; is all the fresh ingredients. They're all&nbsp; important at the same time. Extra virgin&nbsp;&nbsp; olive oil. Don't be afraid. This is really&nbsp; healthy. You need a lot of extra virgin&nbsp;&nbsp; olive oil. Nice fresh vegetable like carrots,&nbsp; onion, celery, and garlic. And of course the beef. Now's that's time to add the chianti. And what&nbsp; about the tomato? It has to be fresh tomato&nbsp;&nbsp; or bottled tomato of a good quality.&nbsp; Otherwise, you don't have a good sauce. The other real secret to make a very good&nbsp; ragu is the time. You need to have time.&nbsp;&nbsp; You cannot make a good ragu sauce in 30&nbsp; minutes. You need at least three or four&nbsp;&nbsp; hours the boiling process and that's the&nbsp; only way you can have a great ragu sauce. The main difference for me about&nbsp; uh in between organic products or&nbsp;&nbsp; products that you find often in&nbsp; the grocery store or in this big&nbsp;&nbsp; uh market is the fact that an organic product&nbsp; is never perfect in the skin or in the color.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's never perfect because that's natural. So&nbsp; it might have a little bite from a bugs or from&nbsp;&nbsp; a bird and that means that it's totally good and&nbsp; totally healthy. Otherwise when it's too shining,&nbsp;&nbsp; too perfect, too colorful, sometime it's not a&nbsp; good sign of the quality of that products. You know, I think that maybe one of the&nbsp; reasons that our vegetables are a little&nbsp;&nbsp; bit bigger or look a little bit more beautiful&nbsp; than something you may find in your grocery store&nbsp;&nbsp; um isn't because of the more products we put&nbsp; on it, more nutrients, more anything. I think&nbsp;&nbsp; it's just that we're able to calmly and slowly&nbsp; take our time and get the best products off each&nbsp;&nbsp; plant one at a time. We don't have to spray&nbsp; with hormones to get everything ready at the&nbsp;&nbsp; same time in order to ship it out to the the big&nbsp; stores or anything. It's really just patience and&nbsp;&nbsp; uh we don't have to do a thousand at a time.&nbsp; We can do just five or six. So being able to&nbsp;&nbsp; pick and choose and only the best... is probably&nbsp; one of my favorite parts about being in ortirano. Since everything at the farm is grown&nbsp; 100% organic, no pesticides allowed,&nbsp;&nbsp; Amico's always keeping an eye out for&nbsp; pesky insects, especially his main enemy,&nbsp;&nbsp; the stinky bug. [Music] Bugs can damage&nbsp; fruits and vegetables, but it's not always&nbsp;&nbsp; a bad sign. That's because if they're willing&nbsp; to take a bite, it's safe for us to eat, too. The only time Amico worries about bugs is if&nbsp;&nbsp; they attack the roots of its&nbsp; precious vegetables. [Music] One insect that's always welcome on the&nbsp; farm is the honeybee. The farm's beekeeper&nbsp;&nbsp; Pierro Salvastrini and Amico have been friends&nbsp; since the family first arrived back in 1955. Because the bees are so comfortable with&nbsp;&nbsp; him. Pierro doesn't feel the&nbsp; need to wear any protection. Russ on the other hand probably should. One&nbsp; stung me right here. Boop. Right in the forehead. No. See [Music] fight. The family have great&nbsp; love and respect for all their animals,&nbsp;&nbsp; especially Luigi and Cappuccino.&nbsp; Louie. Anyone that's visited the&nbsp;&nbsp; farm will likely have seen these two&nbsp; Jack Russell terriers roaming around. And here we go. And here we go. And the buffalo. Come on,&nbsp; Filippo. Oh, mina. We always had a huge&nbsp;&nbsp; respect for animals in the farm because&nbsp; it means also life for us. Hey John Snow,&nbsp;&nbsp; how are you doing? Everything that we've&nbsp; been raising in the farm, it give food to&nbsp;&nbsp; the rest of the family. And there was always&nbsp; no waste of this products. Only consuming and&nbsp;&nbsp; using when it was really necessary, never&nbsp; over producing. Every other winter for how&nbsp;&nbsp; I can remember that we were butchering. It was&nbsp; a holiday for us because that means we could have&nbsp;&nbsp; meat for the rest of the year and it was&nbsp; a guarantee that we were going to survive.&nbsp;&nbsp; That is incredible to say that nowadays. But I&nbsp; remember it was like that when we were little. We don't waste anything at the farm. [Music] a glass of red wine&nbsp; a day keeps the doctor away. [Laughter] Amico has been a butcher or as we say in&nbsp; Italian norcino that is the one that makes&nbsp;&nbsp; ham and salami for all his life. He learned&nbsp; since he was little and I think he got the&nbsp;&nbsp; point where he's almost perfect now. It's like&nbsp; he make his salami and prosciutto and they are&nbsp;&nbsp; the end of the world. And of course he keeps&nbsp; his recipe very very secret even if they're&nbsp;&nbsp; actually printed on the wall. But I believe&nbsp; I believe it's impossible even if you have&nbsp;&nbsp; it write it down to replicate the same things&nbsp; that he does. You need the hands of the expert. We give a little bit of life and a little bit&nbsp; of respect to every salami even every slice.&nbsp;&nbsp; The way we appreciate something that's handmade&nbsp; from a friend, it makes it better. You know,&nbsp;&nbsp; when you go to someone's house and they made&nbsp; like pancakes or whatever it is from scratch,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's better than from a box. So, when we&nbsp; do something all from scratch all the time,&nbsp;&nbsp; we want to put in the best and we're just&nbsp; trying to give the best to all our friends.&nbsp;&nbsp; Uh the only way that we know to show our love&nbsp; without telling you we love you is to give you&nbsp;&nbsp; a wonderful product. And that means food, wine,&nbsp; uh a hug, maybe a kiss. You never know what you&nbsp;&nbsp; may get in Tuscany. One of the largest breeds&nbsp; of cattle in the world, the Chianina used to&nbsp;&nbsp; be a working cow that plowed Tuscan's rugged&nbsp; terrain. That is until tractors replaced them. Today, the Chianina is used for meat&nbsp; production. Their massive t-bone steaks,&nbsp;&nbsp; locally known as Bistecca Alla Fiorentina,&nbsp; are the star attraction on any Tuscan menu. Saturday night is our special night when we cook&nbsp;&nbsp; our Bistecca Alla Fiorentina&nbsp; from our Chianina cows. What is special about our steak is not just&nbsp;&nbsp; the quality of the beef but&nbsp; also the way we are cooking. This is the real Fiorentina T-bone steak. In&nbsp; fact, what you can notice the T-bone right here,&nbsp;&nbsp; the fillet part and this is called contra&nbsp; filileto in Italian and uh at least 7 cm wide&nbsp;&nbsp; and it will be cooked 5 minutes on one side,&nbsp; 5 minutes on the other side and at least 7,&nbsp;&nbsp; 8 minutes on the bone. So the whole bone&nbsp; part can heat up and warm up the thicker&nbsp;&nbsp; part inside and the steak will be cooked in the&nbsp; perfect way. Don't come at the farm and ask for&nbsp;&nbsp; a well done steak because we are not able to&nbsp; do it. The Fiorentina T -bone steak is always&nbsp;&nbsp; cooked rare for a reason. The meat is not tender&nbsp; so we don't have to overcook otherwise it lose&nbsp;&nbsp; all the liquids and the meat became very tough.&nbsp; [Music] Poggio Alloro produces many fresh organic&nbsp;&nbsp; foods but one product they don't make is bread.&nbsp; For that they call on Marco, the local baker. Marco the Baker has been in all our life since I&nbsp; remember and is definitely the life of the party. he's the one that uh get the community&nbsp; all together and I think he feed with his&nbsp;&nbsp; focaccia with his focaccia all the children of&nbsp; the neighbors including me you know uh when you&nbsp;&nbsp; see his truck white truck coming all the kids are&nbsp; running behind him because they know there will be&nbsp;&nbsp; a piece of warm focaccia or bread delivered and he&nbsp; always has a smile in his face he's a real working&nbsp;&nbsp; hard uh person and um is like a member of the&nbsp; family. I really think he's part of our family. So, Marco the baker and Renzo, they have been&nbsp; friends forever. They love to drink together.&nbsp;&nbsp; In fact, the wife often call in the farm to&nbsp; check where Marco is and we are hiding him. Some of my favorite summer recipe are&nbsp; definitely the bruschetta with tomato&nbsp;&nbsp; or the bread panzanella. All, these&nbsp; recipe has the tuscan bread and the&nbsp;&nbsp; fresh tomato from my father's garden. So,&nbsp; they're perfect refreshing and filling. I ask him how many years he's done this&nbsp; work. He says uh 40 45 years. You see&nbsp;&nbsp; he always did this. He doesn't know anything else. I said the best part of your work?&nbsp; He says uh is driving around maybe&nbsp;&nbsp; u uh dealing with the people and&nbsp; having a glass of wine with people. The grape harvest in the farm is always&nbsp; around September. It depends on the weather,&nbsp;&nbsp; but it's always that month. And it brings&nbsp; also a part of the family all together down&nbsp;&nbsp; in the vineyard when we can harvest&nbsp; and laugh and collect all the grapes,&nbsp;&nbsp; bring the grapes back in the winery, squeeze&nbsp; the grapes and create this amazing juice that&nbsp;&nbsp; will became soon wine. We do have all&nbsp; the fermentation process and then the&nbsp;&nbsp; aging process. And finally, the bottling and&nbsp; is always a work of art and a work of love. Keeping everything in the family, Marco&nbsp; Fioroni is the farm's wine maker. Following&nbsp;&nbsp; in the footsteps of generations before him,&nbsp; he oversees Poggio Alloro's wine production. Weather plays a critical role during&nbsp; the growing season. Too much rain or&nbsp;&nbsp; drought conditions will greatly affect&nbsp; the quality of a farm's harvest. This is Vernaccia grapes. It is a varietal&nbsp; that we use here in San Gimignano to make&nbsp;&nbsp; the Vernaccia di San Gimignano. Can only be&nbsp; produced to make wine here in this area of&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuscany. It is a delicious uh grape that makes&nbsp; a wonderful white wine and it is actually one&nbsp;&nbsp; of my favorites. Um, and I can't wait&nbsp; to actually have this in the bottle. The secret to make a good wine is&nbsp; definitely uh love and passion for&nbsp;&nbsp; what you're doing and attention to&nbsp; the little details. So you have to&nbsp;&nbsp; love and really check every single month&nbsp; what's going on in the vineyard and put&nbsp;&nbsp; the right attention on the grapes on every&nbsp; vineyard that you have in your property.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh the exposion of the sun or the weather that it&nbsp; has. And also when you bring the products in the&nbsp;&nbsp; wine celler and you start to make the process&nbsp; uh you have to be always careful about the&nbsp;&nbsp; recipe you are doing and the whole fermentation&nbsp; process, the temperature and all the ingredients&nbsp;&nbsp; that you are using to make the wine to make&nbsp; a perfect products at the end of the year. We love to use the wine for our recipe.&nbsp; It gives a great flavor mixed with the&nbsp;&nbsp; olive oil and all the spices. It makes a very&nbsp; nice creamy sauce at the end that you can put&nbsp;&nbsp; it on your dishes. And if you think about it,&nbsp; it evaporates. So, it leaves a good flavor and&nbsp;&nbsp; is an amazing ingredients. It give you also the&nbsp; liquid to cook better the meat. So it's one of the&nbsp;&nbsp; ingredients we cannot miss in the farm. Plus we&nbsp; are a winery so we can use as much as we want it. I have two favorite pork recipe. One is called&nbsp; pork loin arista di maiale and it's cooked with&nbsp;&nbsp; the white wine, rosemary, sage and garlic. and&nbsp; it's so good and so typical and it's been in&nbsp;&nbsp; Tuscany forever. Basically, it's a very old&nbsp; recipe. And the other one is a little bit&nbsp;&nbsp; newer in our uh kitchen that is a Chianti&nbsp; pork fillet. I love because it's the part&nbsp;&nbsp; of the fillet of the pork cooked in red wine&nbsp; that make a delicious sauce. [Music] &nbsp;&nbsp; We start our day. It isn't the earliest. It's not a milk&nbsp; farm, but we still start pretty early. The work&nbsp;&nbsp; is pretty constant, but it still has a joy&nbsp; to it to where you're not so stressed out. When you feel something needs to be done and&nbsp; you take a pride in it, then you know it has&nbsp;&nbsp; to be done and it let's take care of it. Boom,&nbsp; baby. You know, there are some days that it is&nbsp;&nbsp; so hot and so dry that you don't even know what to&nbsp; do with yourself. And other days it's so rainy and&nbsp;&nbsp; so wet that you just try to relax and find work&nbsp; to do. But no matter what you're doing, uh the&nbsp;&nbsp; work is heavy and hard, but you're always treated&nbsp; well later. So whether you're digging holes like a&nbsp;&nbsp; dog or living like a king, uh pretty soon you'll&nbsp; be back to digging holes like a dog. One of my&nbsp;&nbsp; favorite parts of probably being here in Italy is&nbsp; that Rosina or Mama Rosa, the Mom of Sarah is now&nbsp;&nbsp; my I guess my grandma. And when I go up there and&nbsp; eat every day, it's these flavors that I never had&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance to try. And it is just a special dish one&nbsp; day after the next. She always usually makes um a&nbsp;&nbsp; pasta and a second. So like a first course, second&nbsp; course. She's the best cook on the farm by far. Today we're having for lunch um a rice salad&nbsp; with all um I guess homegrown vegetables and&nbsp;&nbsp; eggs and things. Some fresh made pasta that was&nbsp; made this morning with the fresh ragu. This is&nbsp;&nbsp; the asparagus that we just picked maybe 20, 30&nbsp; minutes ago, maybe 45. We boiled it and put it&nbsp;&nbsp; in there. Uh we have some prosciutto salami&nbsp; capriolo and some pecorino and some salarino. Oh, look at this thing. 200 grams see uh he found&nbsp; yesterday uh a black truffle. What we're going to do with this is we're going to&nbsp; brush it a little bit and clean it. And then we're&nbsp;&nbsp; gonna take it and we're going to slice it really&nbsp; really thin with a little instrument and then&nbsp;&nbsp; uh put a little bit of butter in a pan and then&nbsp; put a fresh probably tagliatelli a fresh pasta&nbsp;&nbsp; uh and put it just uh condo just&nbsp; conditioned with truffle and butter. One of the most asked question is how we get along&nbsp; with the family member working so close all day&nbsp;&nbsp; long all together 15 members of the family I think&nbsp; my only answer is that we can get along because we&nbsp;&nbsp; don't have any more energy to fight all we want at&nbsp; the end of the day enjoy a nice meal with a great&nbsp;&nbsp; glass of wine [Music] the work at the farm is&nbsp; never done but sometime we need a break otherwise&nbsp;&nbsp; we go crazy. So I take few hours off and I go to&nbsp; Florence to visit my best friends. [Music] When&nbsp;&nbsp; we get together, we love to get a glass of&nbsp; wine, walk around, maybe a little shopping,&nbsp;&nbsp; and definitely enjoy some nice food. One delicacy&nbsp; that we really love is the trippa alla Fiorentina.&nbsp;&nbsp; It's a very famous dishes here in Tuscany and&nbsp; is stewed um cow stomach with the salsa into a&nbsp;&nbsp; panino bread. [Music] And when the evening arrive&nbsp; in Florence, we all love to have dinner at our&nbsp;&nbsp; friend Shannon restaurant or Osteria de Enoteca&nbsp; where we can taste some typical Tuscan food. If I get time off by myself,&nbsp;&nbsp; I like to go maybe have a nice lunch or&nbsp; maybe a dinner if possible with friends. So, we'll get together, five, 6, 7, 8, 10,&nbsp; 12 guys all together and have a nice lunch&nbsp;&nbsp; or a nice dinner that lasts three maybe four&nbsp; hours. And it's just an experience that I love. Sometimes when we have lunches here, money is&nbsp; not even discussed. We we we no it's just a&nbsp;&nbsp; question that nobody wants to ask themselves is&nbsp; who is going to pay and what piece is mine. It's&nbsp;&nbsp; almost a little bit of something like I want to&nbsp; pay for you. So when everybody wants to pay for&nbsp;&nbsp; each other, it ends up being that everyone just&nbsp; pays the same. It doesn't matter what you order.&nbsp;&nbsp; Everybody just you just split it&nbsp; a little and that's it. So it's a&nbsp;&nbsp; it's a conversation that is not &nbsp; to be had at the table is the bill. As autumn begins to set in, the farm and&nbsp; surrounding hills take on a completely&nbsp;&nbsp; different appearance. The vineyard's deep&nbsp; green colors turn shades of red and gold.&nbsp;&nbsp; November is a very busy month for us.&nbsp; Is the time for the olives harvest. Every day we go from the morning until about&nbsp; 6:00 because it start to be dark. The same&nbsp;&nbsp; days to the frantolio that is the mill to make&nbsp; the pressing of the olives. And you go there,&nbsp;&nbsp; you wait for your olive to be pressed and you&nbsp; got the amazing extra virgin olive oil and you&nbsp;&nbsp; bring it back home. The first juice coming out&nbsp; of the olives. That's the first and the best&nbsp;&nbsp; one. Extra virgin olive oil. All the nutrition,&nbsp; the best color and the quality is right there. It's a nice bright yellow, almost a green. That's&nbsp; the color you want to see. Not a transparent,&nbsp;&nbsp; not a white, not a clear, but a perfect yellow&nbsp; gold. It almost looks like it's full of saffron.&nbsp;&nbsp; And that's the that's what you want. And the&nbsp; flavor should be a nice peppery almost like grassy&nbsp;&nbsp; um natural flavor. To pick a very good extra&nbsp; virgin olive oil is very important to read&nbsp;&nbsp; the whole front label and back label. Here we&nbsp; will find all the information. Take a look.&nbsp;&nbsp; Olio extra virgin that means extra virgin olive&nbsp; oil. Biological that means organic in Italian.&nbsp;&nbsp; And here on the back label you can find the&nbsp; organic certification. This is the same for&nbsp;&nbsp; all the European community. And up here you can&nbsp; find many more information about how the olive&nbsp;&nbsp; oil is produced, all the nutrition and the expired&nbsp; date. When you pick your extra virgin olive oil,&nbsp;&nbsp; make sure in the label it's recorded that&nbsp; it's cold pressed. That means that not hot&nbsp;&nbsp; temperature will be used for the extraction&nbsp; of the extra virgin olive oil. In this way,&nbsp;&nbsp; all the nutrition, the color, and the flavor&nbsp; will be not compromised. A good extra virgin&nbsp;&nbsp; olive oil organic should last at least 18&nbsp; months. You've probably heard the expression,&nbsp;&nbsp; the early bird gets the worm. In Tuscany, the&nbsp; early farmer gets the mushroom. Sarah's cousin,&nbsp;&nbsp; Giancarlo, son of Umberto, often starts his&nbsp; day foraging the woods for wild fungi. Caution,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very important to know the difference&nbsp; between edible and poisonous mushrooms. fava beans, baccelli at Fattoria Poggio&nbsp; Alloro we have a lot of different products&nbsp;&nbsp; and that helps us whether there's bad weather&nbsp; or good weather do many many different things&nbsp;&nbsp; we always have something to do um that's the&nbsp; beautiful part of being a diversified farm [Music] November is also a very busy month&nbsp; for us because we don't only have the&nbsp;&nbsp; olive harvest but we do have also the saffron&nbsp; harvest. Every year the saffron harvest will&nbsp;&nbsp; be done the last few days of October and&nbsp; November. Usually the saffron harvest will&nbsp;&nbsp; last about 20 days. In these 20 days we will&nbsp; started with very few flowers at the beginning&nbsp;&nbsp; and then there will be a total explosion in&nbsp; the fields of this beautiful purple flower. So to make the saffron that we make every year&nbsp; at the farm, we can reach almost 1 kilogram of&nbsp;&nbsp; saffron. That is a lot more than this one&nbsp; of course. And for 1 kilogram or a little&nbsp;&nbsp; less than 1 kilogram, we need to plant&nbsp; every year about 20,000 bulbs of saffron. [Music] Saffron nowadays is mainly used in the&nbsp; recipe to cook many delicious dishes. But in the&nbsp;&nbsp; past it was used for many other things to color&nbsp; the fabrics for example to exchange and do trades&nbsp;&nbsp; for goods and uh as a medicine for the liver and&nbsp; also to color the frescos. Bumblebee. Bumblebee. After we have been in the fields with&nbsp; all our family members and the staff,&nbsp;&nbsp; we brought all the flower here uh next to&nbsp; the fireplace so it's more warm so we can&nbsp;&nbsp; chat a little. And this is usually a women&nbsp; a girl work because we have more delicate&nbsp;&nbsp; hands. So we are more able to open the&nbsp; flower and get the saffron out of the&nbsp;&nbsp; flower. So what we are doing is take each&nbsp; flower at the time like this and open the&nbsp;&nbsp; petal a little and get the three stamen out&nbsp; of the flower and that will be the saffron. After we finished to pick all our saffron from&nbsp; the flower, we put it on a little basket next&nbsp;&nbsp; to the fireplace for the drying process. The&nbsp; saffron at that point will dry for about for&nbsp;&nbsp; 2 days and we lose the 80% of the water and the&nbsp; 80% of the weight. So basically what you have&nbsp;&nbsp; left in your hand is nothing and it's a lot&nbsp; of work to make this but once you have done&nbsp;&nbsp; that's a moment to relax next to the fireplace&nbsp; and it's time for Marenda. Marenda is always a&nbsp;&nbsp; break that we have in the middle of the&nbsp; afternoon and that could be good to cook&nbsp;&nbsp; some chestnuts during November or have a glass of&nbsp; wine. Anything that can bring the family together. My favorite part of farm life is being in&nbsp; touch with the earth, seeing the seasons,&nbsp;&nbsp; and really becoming more aware to the smallest&nbsp; change in things. So, it's kind of like a little&nbsp;&nbsp; gift or surprise every day. And that's what&nbsp; makes me wake up in the morning, you know, that&nbsp;&nbsp; little bit of what's going on today and what can&nbsp; I really help bring to the table. Because if you&nbsp;&nbsp; think about what we do here, it's all about food.&nbsp; Boom. Beautiful. Everything we do is brought to&nbsp;&nbsp; the table sooner or later. Sometimes I think that&nbsp; the harder I work, the happier I am. Uh the more&nbsp;&nbsp; energy I put out there is almost the more energy&nbsp; I get back. Uh when I'm tired and I go home, for&nbsp;&nbsp; some reason, I feel almost better than a day that&nbsp; I didn't do anything. So, uh, I'm ready to help&nbsp;&nbsp; anyone in any way I can. And, uh, this body is&nbsp; built for moving things. So, you know, uh, luckily&nbsp;&nbsp; I'm a little bit large for an Italian. So, that's&nbsp; definitely a help having a bulldozer around. [ Some of the best things about this place&nbsp; are the people, the nature, the style,&nbsp;&nbsp; the culture. There are things here that have taken&nbsp; a thousand years it seems like to me uh to come to&nbsp;&nbsp; uh everyday use. Um the style of things has been&nbsp; really kind of an eye-opening experience. So I&nbsp;&nbsp; love living in a European country. Italy for me&nbsp; has been a place that I have found a lot of peace. Any advice I had to give to anybody about&nbsp; uh moving to Italy would be maybe to try&nbsp;&nbsp; to understand the language first. That's the one&nbsp; thing that took me a while to learn or not only&nbsp;&nbsp; to learn but to feel comfortable communicating&nbsp; with people. The second thing is be careful what&nbsp;&nbsp; you wish for because you never know what you&nbsp; may fall into. I am now in second in command&nbsp;&nbsp; of a giant garden as well as too many things&nbsp; to even name off. And it's a beautiful life&nbsp;&nbsp; full of uh experiences and laughter and fun&nbsp; and great food and good friends and always&nbsp;&nbsp; meeting new people. Um but sometimes there are&nbsp; times when there's so much to do you do feel&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit overwhelmed. Um but I think that's&nbsp; absolutely normal when you care about something.&nbsp;&nbsp; uh in the farm life. Um that's what you do&nbsp; is you care and you feel like it needs to be&nbsp;&nbsp; done now. Whatever it ends up being, it's uh&nbsp; it's always the right time to start doing it. I always describe the history of my family like&nbsp; a poor farmer because that what they were. But&nbsp;&nbsp; I don't like to use this word anymore. We&nbsp; are really lucky and and blessed that we&nbsp;&nbsp; are able to enjoy what our parents give it to&nbsp; us and appreciate it and um we are definitely&nbsp;&nbsp; rich inside. [Music] Living the life in the farm&nbsp; exposed me from a young age the circle of life and&nbsp;&nbsp; definitely be a part of that. Observing all the&nbsp; changing in the farm of the season, the nature&nbsp;&nbsp; that was changing, the animals that comes and go,&nbsp; the members of the family that comes and go. It&nbsp;&nbsp; really puts you in the right perspective about&nbsp; how life it should be and how things should go. I really hope I will be able to share with&nbsp; my children what I learned from my parents.&nbsp;&nbsp; And it's all about the simplicity,&nbsp; the love for the life we are living,&nbsp;&nbsp; the appreciation for the little&nbsp; things. And this is all I learned&nbsp;&nbsp; from my parents that I really hope&nbsp; to pass in the future generation. It's been 70 years since the Fioroni brothers&nbsp; first came to settle in Tuscany. Over the decades,&nbsp;&nbsp; they've remained true to their roots. I once asked&nbsp; what the secret is to their happiness. The answer,&nbsp;&nbsp; good food, good wine, but most of all, time spent&nbsp; with family and friends. On behalf of all your&nbsp;&nbsp; friends from around the world who've enjoyed&nbsp; the Fioroni family's hospitality, thank you for&nbsp;&nbsp; sharing your little piece of paradise. And Buon&nbsp; Compleanno, Amico. Happy 90th Birthday! Salute!

  Top Comments:
  1. @Sunflower.House.Vodnjan.Istria [9 likes]: I wanted to watch for hours!
Baker, moms, grandmas, dads, butchers, Texan, wonderful hostess/manager, wonderful family!
A home to be desired!
Many greetings from the so-called little Tuscany, from Istria, more precisely Pola / Dignano
Good luck and all the best, Liliane
  2. @SisayHailu-m2z [5 likes]: Not only you all eat organic food but you live organic life too.May God be with You!
  3. @linaaleksejunaite7793 [3 likes]: how beautiful, I am in love with Italy and all the beautiful people!
  4. @DomenicaGioffre-e4d [1 likes]: Great video! Really enjoyed it.
  5. @RachelTurner-x3o [1 likes]: Thank you for this video, very enlightening!
  6. @हनुमानहनुमानराम-ल5च [1 likes]: Awesome video, looking forward to the next one!
  7. @MuhammadidrisIbrahim-p3s [1 likes]: Really appreciate the insights in this video.
  8. @angelamoreno5914 [1 likes]: My goodness what a beautiful life ❤
  9. @patie1875 [1 likes]: Very interesting and so impressive to see whole family tree working together.. 
To stay organic advise to use rabbit urine as insecticide.
  10. @sherrierichard2848: Glorious ❤ Family, hard work, for sure, incredible food,and so much love and appreciation for all of it❤. it made my sole happy to see this beautifully filmed documentary of this family farm and these amazing family members❤❤❤❤
  11. @Kamalranawat72: Just Amazing 😍
  12. @patsymaharaj3795: Most beautiful video and people, I’ve learned so much from it ……
  13. @RosarioCaico-u6q: Very nice I like you all and I wish I whose there ,,Big Ciao😀🛵
  14. @AliceDegracia-v3n: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  15. @nadias3561: ❤
  16. @zenibalani9031: Beautiful sceneries that make me sad because I know, I have no chances to witness all by myself.
  17. @prabuddhamaduranga4889: italy is italy 🥰
  18. @LisaTeagan: Loved this video, keep up the great work!
  19. @lucianosantucci108: Excellent- Grazie ❤
  20. @toddupchurch1028: There was another video on this farm.  It wasn’t really made apparent that Sarah and Russ were married.  Keep working on that Italian Russell.

- Spain Immigration 2025 New Rules After 20 May | Work Visa, Family Visa, Residency Update: Kind: captions Language: en How will it be? I welcome you to my new blog today. My friends, today I am going to talk about Spain. You all knew that after May 20, Spain is going to further relax its visa immigration policies. Some 810 points I want to share with you guys is that Spain has softened its immigration policies. In that context, now it seems that all my dear brothers and sisters are sitting illegally in some country somewhere in Europe. Earlier, Portugal used to be their support for all these legal matters. Any person who was illegal in any country, any foreign country, would come to Portugal and get his file locked under Article 88-89. He would stay for two and a half years and then after getting the residence card here, he would get access to the passport and would become legal here. Now my friends, if Portugal has stopped this work especially for illegal people, then Spain has started it. Has this brought changes in immigration? Are their points new? I will mention about six, eight, ten points to you. I will tell you how these people are going to show leniency now. So let's start the video. My friends, point number one is that Spain is going to make major changes in its immigration and work permit. It's going to make things a lot easier. And the first thing that is very easy is that normally when you used to take a job seeker visa for Spain, then earlier you used to get it for 3 to 6 months. When you came to Spain, if you didn't get a job, you were afraid you would go back. Now the biggest ease they have provided is that Spain will make it easier for you to get visas from your home country itself and will give you a visa for one year in which you will come to Spain and look for a job and when you get a job, its extension will go up to 4 years. Well, the second point I will tell you my friends is about family reunion. Earlier in Spain, if you have a Spanish residence card and you want to call your families, that is, your children, and they are above 21 years of age, or the same issue exists here in Portugal. So you couldn't call your kids because they would be shown in independents. Now according to the new law which has started from 20th May, any child up to 26 years of age who is below 26 years of age. Earlier it was 21 years, now they have reduced it to below 26, so if you show that children below 26 years of age are your dependents, then you can easily call them to Spain. Friends, let's move on to the next point. The next point that has changed in their law is that if you are living in Spain with your family, then now you will be given five-year cards. For example, if you are living in Spain with your father and your card is about to expire, you can get an extension if you are under 26 and you will get a five-year card. For example, if your parents are with you and their extension time has also come, then now you can apply for a five- year card for your family, your children and your parents. Which is very good. The next point that they have changed my friends is about the students. Now the student visa that will be issued to you will be known as Long Term Study Visa and what is being said in it is that you will be able to work for approximately 30 hours a week and along with this, you should understand that you will be able to work 50% online as well without any problem. After completing your studies, my friends, you can also apply for full time work permit. You can stay there. Can work there. You can do a job there. My friends, the next big change they have made is in their Argos. What is that? He has shown these five ways for all those people who are living illegally in different countries of Europe. If they come to Spain, they will have five ways to legalize themselves. What is that path? Let me discuss that with you guys. So first of all let us talk about his article. Social Argo my friends. What is Social Argo? If you belong to a family that is legally resident in Spain, they can get you legalized there. Secondly, his article is to my friend Social Lorik, it is a bit in Spanish language, so maybe it is not coming out properly in my tongue. You must have a work contract of at least 20 hours. First of all, my friends, in Spain, you had to have a full-time work contract. But now they have kept the condition as 20 hours. If you want to get immigration to Spain then you must have a 20 hour contract. Thirdly, if my friends, I talk about their article, Social Pharma Artigo, if you have taken any post-secondary education or any kind of training, then it will be easy for you. You will be made legal immediately. I'm going to talk about my friends, family Arrigo. This is going to be very special. Especially now this will be more visible because if Portugal increases its nationality period to 10 years, then the job opportunities here are also very limited. So I am damn sure that a large number of people who have babies here and whose babies have Portuguese passports will mostly shift to Spain. What is the reason for that my friends? So Spain has brought out a very good family, Arigo. The thing is that he has said it very clearly. It is very clearly stated that if your family member or your child or any of your family members is a European national, then Spain will give you papers to look after him/her as a dependent for his/her care. This is his article in the name of Second Chance Argo. If you have a travel card of any European country and it has expired and is not getting extended, then you can go to Spain and get it extended. You are being given a chance to extend that card. Well, keeping all these articles in mind, let me tell you one thing that you will have to stay in Spain for 2 years under any circumstances. If you see, the same thing used to happen in Portugal earlier that whoever came to this country illegally, the case would go on for 2 years, about 2.5 years, even 3 years. Ever since Saif had a lot of burden on his manifesto of interest. So here also people got the cards after every three years. But now my friends, if we compare Spain with Portugal, then I think Spain is a much bigger opportunity. The reason for this is that there is not much job crisis there. It is a big city, a big country and the job opportunities there are also better. So I think now most of our illegal immigrants were very worried after the route to Portugal was closed. So Spain has opened the way for them. This is very good and a great news. So, in collaboration with the European Union, it has made an agreement that Spain will legalize 3 lakh people every year who are illegal. So my friends, this is a very good step of Spain and I still remember that once upon a time Spain had a completely open immigration and at that time I also remember that whoever came there was able to get immigration easily and a large number of people took Spanish passports. So my friends, even today if you ask me to compare Spain and Portugal, I will give more marks to Portugal because this is a country where the job opportunities here are very limited. But this country makes you spend 5 years like this. After 5 years, it gives you a permanent card. You can apply for passport. Now the new laws which were changed recently. According to that reference, it is believed that it takes one or two years. But at least the heart gets the peace of mind that we have applied for nationality. Now it will come in a year and a half or two years. If you look at Spain in comparison to this, then I will also accept that Spain is a very beautiful country. Living there, walking on their streets, one gets the feeling of real Europe. I will accept this. But one negative point there is that your passport lasts for 13 years in Spain. This is the only negative point. Now, if I pray that if Spain reduces its naturalization time, then I think a large number of people from Portugal will also move to Spain because they will get an all-in-one package. So my friends, I just came to give you this small information. Inshallah, I will meet you in the next video. Allah Hafiz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @NishaWarrenJoseph [1 likes]: Kuch din phele app ko video Dekhi thi or app ne bola tha Portugal mat aye bcoz jobs nahi hain
  2. @AhmedAli-x7r2d [1 likes]: Bhi kese apply krien ma 18 saal k hun or work visa pr jana chata hun 😢
  3. @syedrizvi1291: Sallam please yeah batay gay agar koi aprial may Spain Aya woo  eligabel ho sakta hay Imegration Kay liay
  4. @Zahoorahmad.1110: Good 👍
  5. @nzakatali3299: Phudi youn daaa
  6. @asmaahmad256: Portugal ka TRC card span me change ho sakta  hy... I m here as MSC  studnt
  7. @GurjeetKaur-sl1yr: Fimily paper ka kya time kar diya jo india mai hor husband ne spain mai paper jma karve h 2025  19 may se
  8. @MuzakirKhan-rf5uh: Sir ma atta Hu muja kon pick Karo ga airport sa
  9. @imranashahzadi6871: Nice 👍👍
  10. @NishaWarrenJoseph: Nursing jobs hain wahan
  11. @RohitTharu-r1u: Sir spain may room kaise mile ga kuch bato sir
  12. @RohitTharu-r1u: Sir may spain araha hu sayad  2 months may app kuch help kar sakte  hai kaise process  hota hai
  13. @RohitTharu-r1u: Sir spain may illegal  kam miljata  hai
  14. @VishwaNath-yt1km: Sab desh thug hain indian ko loot rahe han
  15. @baljeetsingh-cg5qn: asa kuchh ni mere brother ko das sal ho gay spain me abi tk kuchh ni hua koe pasport kuchh ni mila
  16. @purnamgr531: Hi sir.from Nepal Ka Hu abi me Kuwait me hei hotel kichan chef Kam karta hu Spain me Kam milega salery kaise milega our Spain country me feamily ke liye kaise hei yeska video banawu pleas 🙏🙏🙏🙏
  17. @arjun89658: Bhai salamwalikum 
Mera malta kaa card hain it's going to expire soon 
Can I xchange my trc card in spain?
  18. @Samriddha537: Sir portugal ka trc convert karna milage
  19. @mohanhansdah2669: Me Spain aara ha hun...
  20. @aditisrivastava8991: I have completed post grad in UK, which is the best route for me to settle in spain?

- Identity Crisis: Why Defining Yourself by Your Career Is a Problem: Kind: captions Language: en [MUSIC PLAYING] ARTHUR BROOKS: These days, you can't get anywhere without having a big argument about identity politics. I'm this. You're that. I'm a Democrat. You're a Republican. I'm a liberal, you're a conservative, whatever it happens to be. And those sorts of identities are critically important. A lot of people in business-- they shy away from those identity politics discussions, but they have identity politics all their own. They have an identity as a successful person. They have an identity that revolves around their excellence in their job. Who are you? A father and a grandfather. I'm a husband. But when people ask me that question, I say, I'm a professor at the Harvard Business School. Why? Because that's my identity. OK. That's a way to identify myself, to be sure. But if that's how I see me, that's a real problem, isn't it? That strips away the really important things that I have in my life. For those who see their identity as being a successful professional-- specifically successful-- that's an identity based on fear, isn't it? We all have fears. I mean, I have fears. It's normal to be afraid of things. But a fear of an attack on your identity, that's actually a death fear. That's important. Only 20% of the population is actually afraid of dying. But a lot of people who are really good at what they do-- a lot of my students, a lot of the people watching this-- they're desperately afraid of failing at work. That leads to a lot of behavior that's not very healthy, as a matter of fact-- that stripped down, cardboard cutout version of oneself, which is not good for you, it's not good for your relationships. People ask me this all the time, who are extremely successful in business, as a matter of fact, who are afraid of failure. And they say, look, I need to get over this, but I don't want to fail. What do you recommend? I actually have an exercise for that. It's called the Maranasati death meditation, adapted for professional failure. It actually comes from Theravada Buddhism on the southern tier of Asia, where the Buddhists would practice a contemplation of their own death. If you go into a Buddhist monastery in Thailand, or Vietnam, or Myanmar, Sri Lanka, you'll often find that the walls are adorned with photos of corpses in different states of decay. And you're like, wow, that's really morbid. It's not, it turns out. What happens is that the monks and nuns will contemplate those photos and they will look at each one and say, that is me and that is me. And they'll go through this Maranasati nine-part death meditation where they contemplate different stages of a body and a body in different states of decomposition. They'll say, that's me, that's going to be me. That's me. Because they're exposing themselves to the truth of their own mortality such that they can transcend it and actually be fully alive right now. You see how healthy that is, right? Well, for people who are desperately afraid of the death of their identity as a successful person, they need to be exposed to that reality as well. Because the truth of the matter is-- I don't care who's watching this, I don't care how successful you are-- the party is going to finish, man. It's not going to last forever. And you have to be comfortable with that so you can fully be alive and involved in what's going on in your life today, otherwise, you'll be immobilized by the fear of something that paradoxically, is the most normal, most predictable thing in your whole life, which is this is going to stop. I recommend putting together a little nine-part meditation where you say starting off saying, I feel like I'm losing my edge at work. I don't know. My decision-making isn't as crisp as it once was and people are starting to notice it. Step two might be people are starting to make remarks about the fact that I'm losing a step. Step three might be I'm thinking the board is starting to talk about my replacement and they're not including me in the discussions. Step four is I'm pretty sure that the end is coming for my career. I'm pretty sure. I don't want it to come, but I'm pretty sure it's coming. Step five is I've just gotten the word that I have to retire, even though it's not what I wanted to do. Step six might be. Yeah, I kind of got forced out. And the worst part is I don't think people remember me for what I used to do. They just think of me as the guy who got who got forced out of the job. Step seven is I just went back to my workplace and-- it's only six months-- but a lot of people are new and they didn't know who I am. Step eight is I moved away and now the people that I talk to-- they just think of me as a retired person. They don't even-- they don't even ask about what I used to do. And step nine might be, most days I don't even think about what I used to do. I'm just living a different life at this point. Now, I realize that sounds really negative, but it isn't. It's normal. Think about those things for two minutes each. Do that for three weeks and you'll be a different person. Not because you failed-- that's not even failure, by The way. Just normal life. You will no longer be afraid. You will no longer be afraid of these things actually happening to you because they will have happened to you in your mind. They will have happened to you in your heart. And you'll be comfortable with the fact that you have a trajectory of your success and the value that you're trying to create. And when it's over, you're going to submit because that's the only choice. And then you'll be at peace. Everybody needs to manage their own life like a project and understand that your skills and interests are going to change, to do things on purpose, to recognize that the good times are not going to last forever. And you have to engineer new good times under different circumstances. That's now what I talk about with people who are getting older, and that's the advice I'm taking for myself. And, I don't know, I-- I'm actually at peace for the first time in a long time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @harvardbusinessreview [121 likes]: If you found Arthur's advice useful, be sure to check out this recent article by him, on the dangers of workaholism: https://hbr.org/2024/09/youre-more-than-a-success-machine
  2. @SabrinaTrobak [1 likes]: This fear is really insecurity, self doubt, feeling not good enough, not valued. If you use your career as a mask to try to prove your worth you will struggle when the career ends. You need to find value in who you are as a human being.
  3. @LuposNightkind [1 likes]: identity politics has created cookie cutout gingerbread people. liberals look and act a certain way, and conservatives look and act a certain way… and everybody else dies of failure or leaves the country. WHAT A GREAT FUCKING FORMULA TO LIVE BY!!!

this topic has created idiots like Jordan Peterson who puts as much thought in his presentation as i do defecating on the toilet.

people do not deserve this.
  4. @LifeAfterEnough [1 likes]: The danger of letting your job and career become your identity is so underestimated (yet so many people fall into the trap). Money can remove pressure, but it doesn’t automatically rebuild identity. If work has been the organising principle of your life, freedom (whenever it actually arrives) can feel disorienting before it feels good. Hitting the goal of walking away from work, is often easier than knowing who you actually are after it's gone.
  5. @raffaelesuppa4255: Doctor ( ? ) what’s your identity?  God? 😮
  6. @didiertuysuzian6067: Why defining yourself ? I don' t believe in identity : it is a tyrannical escapologist ...
  7. @AndrewChun791: Metrosexual bi-curious gender non-conforming transvestite. (Sorry to transient folks out there, didn’t it mean it a derrogatory manner, moreso simply aptly put)
  8. @MMMM-qg7ln: Not helpful
  9. @jldeshayes3109: sure
  10. @ArchanaB_DE: Language is upstream; the anxiety of an identity crisis is downstream. Our brains haven't evolved much since the Stone Age, so professional failure still triggers a 'death' response in the amygdala. By naming the experience, we override that primitive hardware and regain control. We don't just need 'coping skills,' we need better linguistic framing.
  11. @ageoflove1980: The trick with being afraid is seeing it as a thing on its own, by itself. Its a feeling that makes you hurt, nothing more, nothing less. Now the connection you make between that feeling and other things is something thats entirely in your head so something you have control over. So afraid of losing your job? Just remember that this stomach crunch you feel actually has nothing to do with losing your job by itself, its your brain that connects those two things. 

So explore that connection, dont hide from it but face it head on: Is it the job itself, the activity? Well can you no longer do something interesting if you stop doing it for this company? Is it your coworkers? Well, do you actually care about what they think. If they no longer regard you highly after losing your job. were they even your friends in the first place? Is it the money? Is that job really the only way to make money? Am I really going to be afraid about the fact that maybe I have to live in a smaller house or drive a smaller car in the future? 

Sounds a bit petty when you think about it, right? So by exploring your fears and disconnect it from actual real things, you can quite easily overcome it.
  12. @miaosun4382: ai force me out
  13. @minaselim3758: when the system fail , they promote a professor like him to meditate on professional death instead of revolting to fix what went wrong .
  14. @toms6997: I really needed to hear this
  15. @AmandaRe-vo7su: The last part about forgetting what I used to do is now actually the joy of my life because I've moved on and am embracing this new phase.
  16. @SpeakEnglishNow01: Great
  17. @communitiesrapekids: Mind Reader Alert! Sylvester wants to prove that it is really him, who is I.  Thats his new id.  I suspect a book very soon.  One that attempts to rob me of everything I wrote about him.  You see when people read books they view themselves inside of the writer.  Well … not every book.  Try doing it with his.  What he has is a village scam.  His book will be about, The Moral Authority of The Village.  A book about how much class the contractors have.  Personally, I think it’s defamation.  It’s a book about being cheap.  A bargain bin book.  Tabloid trash.  Just like, The Good News of Jesus Christ.  Thats what defines a bad identity crisis.  it's like putting too much stock in the Polish Soccer Game.  Does that make sense to this video? I only read book covers, so to speak.  Thats what makes me a genius.  the 99% are only capable of two things.  lying and crying.  words of advice ... leave the book writing for the genius'.  the 99% shouldn't talk.  and that is why they put so much stock in TV.  identity crisis.  defined.
  18. @queensisierra84: I mean, of course, when you lack culture, you will have to find your own way to figure out who you are through your identity, which really doesn’t exist without culture. Without it, in order to find balance for yourself you have to go with what only makes sense. And that’s seeking someone or something outside of yourself for answers to your own life. What else can you do when you’re going through an identity crisis and lack ancestral customs and traditions that ties to identity?
  19. @starflicker79: Thank you, I really needed to hear this.
  20. @TheNoladrummer: Defining yourself by your career may be a problem for a jerk-off Harvard professor like you.  But for me, identifying as a drummer and musician is the natural expression of my true self. You've never created anything of value churning out Harvard morons and writing Oprah books. But I'm connected to something greater than myself - a link in a musical chain that has stretched from the first humans to right now and will continue after I'm gone for all of Human existence. I pity you.

- All Of Me | Living with multiple personalities (dissociative identity disorder) | 7NEWS Spotlight: Kind: captions Language: en - Oh my gosh! (giggling) Do I just-- - [Melissa] Hang on. This interview brought with it a few unique challenges. - [Jess] Do I just clap? (clap board) - [Melissa] Thank you, Jess. Lovely to meet you and sit down with you. - Lovely to meet you too. - [Melissa] I was expecting to meet Jess. But not quite sure who would actually be in the chair across from me. Did you have to get approval from everybody to talk to me? - Kind of, yeah. I mean well, just to do this entire thing, it is very much about everyone's comfortability factor. - [Melissa] The everyone, that Jess is referring to, are the four other identities that live inside her. She calls them alters and they are all male. Jess has Dissociative Identity Disorder or D.I.D. There's Jamie, a 27 year old country doctor. - [Jess] So Jamie's the only one with prescription lenses. Jamie has a very upper class British accent. Just heading home now to finish one of our essays. Jamie's very intelligent, he's very charming. - [Melissa] Ollie, a 14 year old boy, who has been inside of Jess since he was seven. - [Jess] He's a bit of a moody teenager. I have strong opinions for a 10 year old. He wanted to grow up and be a dinosaur. (roaring) - [Melissa] Ed, a 29 year old punk rock hairdresser. - [Jess] Ed is very artsy, he's very creative. I think I'm a bit of a dark horse. I think that's what a lot of people describe me as. And he does all of this left handed. You know, so the rest of us are right handed. - [Melissa] And Jake, 25 year old Californian pop star. - [Jess] Jake is about five foot six. And he's like, quite slim and lean and muscular. Blah, keep tripping over my words. Think I'm just too excited. He has got this brilliant Hollywood white smile and he's very good looking. (laughing) - [Melissa] And although Jamie, Jake, Ollie and Ed, all see themselves as individuals, they all exist inside Jess. - [Jess] I think I describe myself as quite girly. I quite love my pink and I love like, you know, my makeup and I adore my pets too. - [Melissa] How do you manage your day so that everybody has their own time and their own space? - There is a structure, you know it would be that one of us, whoever it may be, is up in the morning. Generally it's Jake that likes to take the dog out for a walk and go out for a bit of a run in the morning. And then maybe Ed that'll be out a little bit to make lunch boxes and to set everything out for the week. And then I'll go into work, 9 to 5, allowing them to have their own space and their own time is incredibly beneficial to our overall mental health. - [Melissa] Of course, living in the one body means they all look the same to you and I. But venture into their inner world and this is how they see themselves. These are the actual images they use to depict their appearance and personalities. Your alters are male. Jess is female. You have a female body. Are there ever times when your alters are uncomfortable with that? - Yeah, so I mean, Jake is very self conscious of the fact that he doesn't appear male to the outside world. Jamie is, I think, just as that carers role, he's very good at taking care of me. You know, Jamie's very good at that and it's very much, I think he's quite detached from the body, really. As is Ed and as is Ollie. I think they don't really feel that this body belongs to them. - [Melissa] Jess developed her male identities as a way to protect herself, after a traumatic event as a child. Something she won't go into detail about. Is it unusual for all of your alters to be male? - [Jess] I think it, having males around all day, everyday in my brain, really helped me desensitise myself to being afraid of men. I thought, if I was a boy, what happened to me wouldn't have happened. - [Melissa] Despite her disorder, Jess lives a normal life in Wales. Working full-time and studying at university. And happily married for a year now, to Gaz. - [Gaz] Thank you, have a good one and I'll see you later on. Bye! - [Melissa] What first attracted you to her? - I mean the typical thing was her looks and I thought, this is one of the most beautiful women I have ever seen in my life. But, after I started to get to know her, she had the most beautiful personality, personalities. - Well, he asked me to be his girlfriend three times before I accepted. Was so frightened of him seeing that side of me. But, he was insistent and eventually, when I explained, look, the reason why I keep saying no is because of this and I'm really worried that you'll meet some people in my head that'll come forward and talk to you. - And she explained to me, she had people living inside of her head and she could have conversations with them and I just looked at her and went, that's fine, that's awesome, that's really, really cool. It was just sort of one of those expanding things that just made her more unique and much more of an interesting person. - Here we are nearly 10 years later and it still seems to be okay. (group conversing) - [Melissa] It's a hard concept to understand. But I went in open minded and came to learn more about this strange condition. What do you say to the doubters? - You need to actually meet someone who has the condition to really understand it properly. - [Melissa] Not only does Jess have a loving husband, she also has a strong supportive circle of friends. Who accept her and her identities. Sam, who did you meet first? - So I think I met Jamie first. Just sort of like, slotted in. - [Jess] Just became a part of her life. - Just became a part of her life, yeah. - [Jess] My friends, they were great. They'd already met all these people in my head. They'd never had a problem with any of them. - [Melissa] Jess and her identities operate like a family. They all have relationships with one another and exist in what they call their inner world. Jake and Jamie are brothers. Jamie and Ed are partners. And Ollie is Jamie and Ed's son. Like most families, it's complex. - [Jess] It's not as scary as people make it out to be. And it's not about, you know, the axe wilding murderer round the corner. - [Melissa] Jess and her identities often find themselves misunderstood. - [Woman] I've never seen a case like this before. - [Melissa] Misrepresented. - [Woman] 23 identities live in Kevin's body. - [Melissa] Portrayed in Hollywood as something to be afraid of. Something dangerous. - [Man] Someone's coming for you. - [Girl] Who's coming? - [Man] The Beast. - Nobody's going to hurt you, alters are very, very unlikely to harm you. And as with any mental health condition, the likelihood is that people with mental health issues are more likely to be victims than perpetrators. - [Melissa] But for years, it also confused and terrified her. - [Jess] I'd end up in places that I didn't know, I didn't know where I was and I didn't know how I ended up there. I remember one day I was like, in a dress with the highest of heels on, I had blisters all over my feet, it was raining and I had no idea where I was or how I'd gotten there. - [Melissa] Jess struggled to be believed and to get the help and diagnosis she needed. Until she met Dr Remy Aquarone. A psychotherapist who specialises in D.I.D. - [Dr Remy Aquarone] The condition is, you could say it's the most primitive, fundamental, survival system. Which nearly always applies to overwhelming experiences for children growing up, usually from a very early age. Those extreme situations when you are powerless. When you are in extreme life threatening situations. Which the brain, in a sense, can't deal with. - [Jess] Meeting Remy was honestly, the biggest relief I've ever had in my life. And when he basically said, you know, yes, you without a doubt, have D.I.D and this is what you've been suffering with, hopefully that means I'll be taken seriously from now on and people will start to recognise that this isn't just something made up, this isn't just something on television. This is something in real life, that I have to suffer with daily. - [Melissa] With Remy's help, Jess learned to manage her identities and create a healthy, functioning family. - [Dr Remy Aquarone] She had an awareness of different alters inside. She was having to negotiate with them, because it's a bit like a family. If you ignore them, if you've got a family and you keep ignoring your children, they will eventually start making life difficult for you. - [Melissa] Keen to meet the members of Jess' unique family, the next morning, Jamie invites me over. - Hello. - Hi. - I'm Jamie, nice to meet you. - I'm Mel, nice to meet you. - Come on in. - Thank you. It's striking how very different Jamie is to Jess. - [Jess] Come on Feeble, in you come. - [Melissa] His accent. Gaz was telling me that you were devastatingly handsome. - I am devilishly handsome. Best, actually. - [Melissa] His mannerisms. - So, yeah. - Describe yourself to me, physically. - About five foot 10, blonde hair, green eyes. A bit of a Prince Charming type I think. My role is basically sort of, like a caretaker. So I'm also like, the number 2 next to Jess. Like, I sort of, make decisions, make choices and I just look after us. - [Melissa] The youngster in Jess' inner world is Ollie. - I like, I dunno, I like video games and I like YouTube people. - [Melissa] He's a teenager. - [Jess] I like taking my bike out at the moment. - [Melissa] But this boy is living inside the body of a grown woman. And what do you see when you look in the mirror? - I see Jess. But I dunno. Like if I don't look in a mirror, I know it's me. But if I look in a mirror is see someone else that isn't me. - Can you paint me a picture of your inside world? - Yeah, we live in this really nice big house. I go to a private school and yeah, it's just really nice. - [Melissa] Now, Jess and her alters, for the most part, operate like a well oiled machine. But that doesn't mean that sharing her life and body with four other men isn't challenging. Who has control? Who makes decisions? Who has memories of things that have happened? And who doesn't? They are all present to varying degrees. And Jess has a simple way to explain it. - Yeah so, I always say D.I.D is very much like driving a car. Imagine your car is the body and whoever's in the driving seat is driving the body, right? Co-consciousness is we're. There is more than one of you in the car. I can be driving and be taking control of it. I could be in the passenger seat and sort of have an idea of what's going on. Or I could be in the backseats were I can sort of, I have much less control and much less idea of what's going on. Or I can be in the boot, where I have like, no memory at all of what's happened or what's gone on. - [Melissa] Are there signals? Can you feel that one of your alters is maybe coming forward? - You get that ping of something's not quite you. It can be even the fact that maybe, if Ed's around I realise I'm using my left hand a lot more. Or it could be if Jamie's around, my eyesight's starting to go a little bit blurry. Or it can be even cravings for foods that I don't really like and that means to me, oh well somebody else must like that and I don't know, maybe I don't know who it is or maybe I do. But those are sort of the clues that I look out for. - [Melissa] In most ways, Jess is a normal, happy young woman. She's a newlywed, has a job she loves and is studying at university. But Jess has Dissociative Identity Disorder, or D.I.D. Which means she shares her life with four other people. Her alters. All male identities that live inside her. I've absolutely have full faith that I've been speaking to Jess this whole time. - Good, yes. - [Melissa] Have I? - Yes. Yeah, so there's been Jake around very close at times, but yes, still been me. - [Melissa] Jess started to display some of the signs of a switch during our interview. How are you feeling right now? - Yeah, a little dry in the mouth. But fine, fine. Very, very foggy headed. Like, there's a lot of buzzing around, a lot of talking. So I guess it's been quite hard to, not concentrate as such, but to make sure I'm saying the right things. So, because I know that Jamie, I've got Jamie, Jake and Ollie around, so it's busy. - [Melissa] Who's the closest? - Oh gosh. At the moment I couldn't tell you. It's just like, chatter. So I couldn't tell you at the moment. - Would anyone else like to talk to me today? - Yeah, I just, yeah. So like, see I know I'm doing it now so I'm like, I'm not making much eye contact, my eyes are to the floor. I'm sort of, that's like, those are like, and I'm sort of, I tend to rub, I know I've got makeup on, so I'm not trying to rub my eyes but one of my things I do, I tend to rub over my eyes when I'm switchy so yeah, I know that there's, yeah, there is something, there is whoever that's around now. It's fine, it's fine. - [Melissa] Jess leaves the room to have a moment to herself. The privacy she needs to allow whoever wants to meet me next, the chance to come through. Hi! - [Melissa] The American accent tells me Jake is here. How are you doing? - Okay, just warm. - [Melissa] It's startling how different Jake is to the woman who was sitting down just minutes before. - Yeah, I got there. - [Melissa] Not only the accent-- - Hey, in the corner, I didn't see you there! - [Melissa] But body language, mannerisms. - That's my day, done. - [Melissa] Everything about Jake is Jake. So introduce me to Jake. - Oh gosh, I guess I'd start with the fact that I'm really like, happy-go-lucky. I'm more of a, definitely more of an optimist. I try and have a good time no matter what we do. - What does Jake do? - Inner world, I am a Hollywood actor actually and I'm also like, a singer. Just general teen idol. - [Melissa] The best way to see how Jake imagines himself is on his social media. Describe yourself to me, physically. - [Jess] I'm not particularly tall. (laughs) I am like a pocket of fun, I guess. I'm like five foot six and I have like, olivey coloured skin, like always in the sun, tanned kind of look. I have like, bright white teeth and bright blue eyes and brown fluffy hair that's kind of, always spiky at the front. - I'm not quite sure how to word this, but you've described yourself to me and the person I see is quite different. What do you see when Do you only see Jake? - When I look down and I concentrate I know, you know I can see the wedding rings and stuff that certainly aren't worn by me. And that, it's almost like a reality check. It's like, if I don't think about it, I see me. - [Melissa] Jess has a friendly relationship with her male alters, Jamie, Jake and Ollie. But the one who has always caused her anxiety is Ed. He is the only one I haven't been allowed to meet yet. Has Ed ever tried to hurt you? - Yeah, sometimes I come back and I would have self harm marks, maybe my arms, wrists, legs, thighs. Mainly on the thighs. And I just started, I guess, to put two and two together. And yeah, I think that was the start of things not being very well. - [Melissa] It was only after days of getting to know Jess and her alters that Ed was ready to meet me. - Your gorgeous. - [Melissa] Once again, I had to introduce myself. Well Ed, nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you Mel. - What's your relationship like with Jess? - My relationship with Jess is a bit of a rocky one. But we've been working on living harmoniously and getting there. And I like to think that we're doing, we're doing all right. - [Melissa] What makes it difficult, what makes it rocky? - We've just got different ways of, we don't really see eye to eye. But we're trying to at least be humble and at least be on the same wavelength. - [Melissa] When Ed is in control, is there ever that fear that he has the potential to harm you? - Yeah, particularly when I was younger it was very frightening. It's taken me years to get to a point where I understand how to manage him now. And it actually wasn't until my diagnostician said to me, you need to stop calling Ed a bad alter, he's not a bad altar, he's just misunderstood. - [Gaz] So unsettling! - No one should be locked out. Everyone has to be negotiated with, because if you try and lock anyone out, ultimately it will backfire. - That was probably the best advise I'd ever been given, in terms of how to manage and how to look at my altars. - I really don't like this! - [Melissa] For the sake of family harmony, Jess has found a way to keep both herself and her four male altars happy. - Don't have to like each other, but you do have to respect that each part of you is there for a reason. - [Melissa] But it's navigating her real life relationship with husband Gaz, that brings unique challenges. - [Melissa] How does that sit with you? That you've married a woman and the altars are males? - It actually, it sits quite well, I am bisexual myself, so that in itself doesn't bother me in the slightest. I'm in a relationship with Jess, she is my wife. I do have a lovely romantic relationship with Ed as well. - [Melissa] I've never asked anyone this before, whether it's on camera or off. Moments of intimacy. Is there any control over who is with Gaz? - Actually, intimacy is a big trigger of mine, so it means that I want to be as far away as possible from it. And it's something that I am still working on and I have had therapy for that side of things and it's something that I'm improving with. But it has been up to Ed, as his role also, to be intimate with my partner. - [Melissa] But, given Jess can switch at any moment, it can get awkward. - If I notice that she's switching when we are being intimate in any manner, then everything gets stopped and pulled back because I don't know if Jake's going to come out, I don't know if Ollie's going to come out, so everything gets pulled back. But it works out quite nicely. I've had nine years of it, so... - [Melissa] In Jess' tiny Welsh village, she also has the support of a close circle of friends who seem to get along with all of her inner personalities. Tonight, they're out with Jamie. Who are you closest to? - I feel like I'm insulting people! - I think, this is awful 'cause Ed's a bitch. Me and Ed have the most in common! - He's my favourite as well, don't worry. - Yeah, yeah. Ed, I gotta be honest. 'Cause he's so, to the point. - [Melissa] Jamie, can I ask you, how important is your group of friends? - Exceptionally important. I think it's quite an isolating disorder. I think a lot of people like us are used to, tending to be one person, to satisfy everyone in life, everyone they meet. Thanks to our friends really, we're in a much better place now, than I think we ever would have envisioned. - [Melissa] Cheers to that. Cheers everyone! Empty glass! Cheers! - This is really nice, I like this. - This is really nice! - [Melissa] Today, Jess and her altars have found a way to share their lives and keep the peace. - [Gaz] So unsettling. Oh my god, the view though. Oh that's gorgeous. I'm just being accepting of whatever happens, happens and I'm hoping for the best and that we can work together and live together harmoniously. (screams) Oh my god, that's really quick! - [Melissa] With Gaz by their side, they have a bright future ahead of them. - Nice one again. Ready. - [Melissa] Do you feel very loved? - Oh massively, I've got five loving me at once and it's the most beautiful thing. - Gaz, pose for me. I love it! - Just nice actually, having five people come out that respect you as a person and actually love you and that is the most beautiful thing. - [Melissa] No wonder you married him! - I know, he's amazing! - [Melissa] Together they can face whatever challenges life throws at them. - Love you. - I love you too. - [Melissa] All six of them. - I think I'll keep you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @masterpys2693 [1800 likes]: "If I was a boy, what happened to me wouldn't have happened." My heart breaks for this woman.
  2. @sharbear4248 [1300 likes]: This was very well done. I hope those with dissociative identity disorder continue to speak out & help spread awareness.
  3. @rakunsampah [12 likes]: You can hear their voice changes, it's very interesting
  4. @michimelody4036 [11 likes]: And now they have a baby and they are so happy still. I love Jess. Multiplicity and Me (Jess's channel) is an amazing YouTube channel if you want to see more from them.
  5. @jasperrosa1369 [10 likes]: To all the people who's saying shes faking it: theres a youtuber who always had DID named Enicia and she describes DID as driving a car as well. Just because someone experiences it differently than others, doesn't mean their faking it.
  6. @jaynestagg9460 [8 likes]: What you all up to in 2021?
  7. @-goldenrose-2169 [8 likes]: Is it possible that these are spiritual possessions of actual people who died and found a body to continue living through? I mean, I know this is very metaphysical in perception.... however, cannot it not be an actual possibility?
  8. @poweringon864 [8 likes]: She has 4 male alters....so why are they all wearing heaps of makeup and pink clothes?
  9. @lalruatpuiikhiangte7030 [7 likes]: She’s beautiful. She also bears a slight resemblance to Rebel Wilson
  10. @akita9394 [7 likes]: This is demonic possession. Not mental illness!
  11. @simoneroyston9306 [6 likes]: Stinks of satanic abuse. She won’t talk about what happened!
  12. @delsongalasinao706 [4 likes]: I relate to Jess becouse I have did also I have two alters named dexter and davey sadly depression and anxiety is the only accepted mental illness but did didn't understand it especially in a small barrio i lived .
  13. @ravenrisby [4 likes]: She went from scared of it to having fun as soon as diagnosed strange looks like she’s having fun
  14. @ravenrisby [4 likes]: She over exaggerate I have this but she’s not living she’s acting
  15. @holistic_meg_ [4 likes]: I thought she was Renee wilson at first
  16. @delphinium5555 [2 likes]: She needs to think of her child..
  17. @user-7jlrc [1 likes]: i have this but all my other characters are famous and have siblings. i don’t want siblings but i guess i do deep down to make all my characters have them.
  18. @bendoregonawesome2787: Amazing
  19. @Lonnie1969s: Loved your story!! Thanks for sharing "))
  20. @imgonewiththewindfab: What is the difference of DID  &Multiple personality disorder ?

- Life is Worth Living | Episode 44 | The Identity Crisis | Fulton Sheen: Kind: captions Language: en friends for the moment when i came out i thought the chin was going to be in darkness well you heard the title the identity crisis everyone today is very much concerned about being self shakespeare's quoted to thy own self be true without deciding which self one is to be you see it i heard many a woman say i must now put on my face did you ever hear that i heard the one who said i must now put on my eyes i must now put on my lips well is one the same person with a new face new eyes new lips without them some women need only two things to make them beautiful soap and water and others need many other things i heard of a man who had a choice to marry an opera singer who was very ugly sang beautifully and an undereducated cook was very beautiful he finally decided that he had better marry the opera singer because she would give him more prestige so it was decided first morning after the honeymoon woke up took a look at the opera singer and he said for heaven's sake sing see he had a he had a problem too the identity crisis much has been written about it particularly by ericsson and he restricted it to some extent to youth but it is not a phenomenon that belongs to youth alone this discovery of self the young indeed have it because the young people do have a have a terrible crisis a young person reaches an age where he wants to be himself he separates from parents i want to be an individual but at the same time that he wants to be an individual he wants to conform to what everyone else is doing wear the same clothes talk the same language love the same music but old people have the crisis too of discovering which is self the difference between the young and the old in an identity crisis is that the old and the identity crises look back to deny the past and responsibility and the young look to the future and deny the responsibility of the future so both of them have trouble now i'm going to give you three kinds of well identity crises the point is and this is the reason we've chosen this telecast is one must be careful in seeking identity to discover which self one really is and i think that today i will ask my angel to leave all the writing on the blackboard unless i change my mind uh so that you can see the three the first kind of crisis is this where a person wears the mask but has no face that is to say a perpetual phony there was a uh someone who wrote a poem some years ago and the poem was about a woman who was always seen holding a mask before her face she held it sprightly and gaily and one day someone pulled away the mask and there wasn't any face she was just her sham so some say they are their true cells when they're only the mask take for example an alcoholic an alcoholic is is completely identified with his alcohol he will say well this is my nature i can't help it it's the way i am or an lsd victim they never tried to get below that mask to discover their real self it was just that that made t.s eliot the poet uh speak of ourselves as being hollow men straw men and he says that when the world ends the world that's full of hollow men it will end not with a bang but with a whimper some keep this masquerade this phoniness this hypocrisy so much before them that they would hardly recognize their true self if they met it the danish philosopher and theologian kirkigor told a very interesting story about a peasant would saved up enough money to buy himself some new boots and new colored stockings he came into town bought the boots and the colored stockings he had some money left so he got drunk and he threw himself in the curb funny how often drunks end in curbs isn't it i heard of one drunk who was walking along with his foot on the curb and the other in the gutter and the cop came along and said you're drunk he's oh thank god i thought i was a well this i'm sorry i interrupted the story but at any rate uh this this drunk threw himself in the curb and and another peasant came along with a carton horse and he shouted to the drunk says get out of the way i'll run over you and the drunk said i don't care they're not my legs he didn't know himself with his new boots and his new stockings and he was just so much his old self that he couldn't tell the new and that's the way people are with the mask without the face they they have no care for others as as pure gint in the work of conrad said the people are sometimes met in mental institutions he said they have no care for others they live in a barrel of self and they're corked with a bung of self no concern no love no care like a priest was telling me some time ago talking about not caring about a former pastor years ago that bought a horse and he said to the farmer can it see all right oh yes he said sees perfectly can it run all right yes so he picked up a stone he threw it at the horse ran like a racehorse but ran right into a tree and the priest said to the farmer i thought you said that the horse could see all right he says he does but he just doesn't give a darn well that's the way that's the way people are people are that wear the mask but no face they have no care of others no love of neighbor they've lived in this make-believe world so long and they say this is my true identity that's why one has to be so careful about saying i must seek my identity what kind of identity is one seeking this kind of mockery has some bad effects it has psychic effects which cannot be ignored there was a german war story told about a jewish couple who had a son who was paralyzed and they went to a neighbor and they said to the neighbor we are jews we're going to be killed by hitler but we want you to take care of this paralyzed son of ours we'll give you this house we give you our property but just care for him the neighbor promised to do it he killed the son confiscated the property and lived on it and then a lump began to appear in the back of his neck and he would press it it would come out on his forehead and he pressed the forehead come out on his chest press it there it would come out somewhere else so though people wear the mask though they have this kind of makeup they nevertheless are psychologically disordered on the inside until they discover their true self but there's another step and the second step is the mask the mask that knows it has a face though it is only a subconscious knowledge see how good my angel is he doesn't he doesn't erase today remember other times i could go there and write something and immediately he would clean it have you ever been able to figure out why he doesn't erase some days and i'm not telling him the angels are much wiser than men and they're much wiser than anyone on a television show too well there's the mask that knows that has a face i suppose a good example of this kind of crisis would be a woman who comes home from a ball a dance i didn't mean ball in the modern sense of the word dance and she's been in evening clothes has on jewels and her hair was well adorned her eyes maybe her eyelashes made long and so on so forth she comes home the dance is over and she sits before the mirror looks at herself maybe she says i'm beautiful this is this is the real me that's the bad grammar but that's what you might say this is the real eye if she were a school teacher she would say or came from boston and yet she knows that in a little while she's got to take off that makeup she knows there's a face under that maybe she'll put on another kind of face i heard a woman who put on so much cold cream and oil that she slid out of bed every night sorry now people that have that are in this state have not discovered their their true identity they suffer from attention and a pull and a duality between what they seem to be and what they really are they know that the mask and the face are not the same they know the way they appear to others not the way they are on the inside now what's freud's explanation of that tension and that anxiety well freud says people are are anxious and unhappy because they wanted to do something and were afraid to do it remember his language about the id and the superego the the id or the instincts and so forth the id wants to do something and the super ego says no no one crushed it they became very anxious that's not the real reason people have attention people are this kind have attention not because they wanted to do something and didn't do it but because they did something and wish they hadn't which is very very different now let me give you an example of that because this is particularly common this attitude among the young a boy and a girl in college went out auto riding and the boy was telling the girl you know it's marvelous how the world has changed we're now in the universe of great freedom all the old sex taboos have been done away with we can put anything we want on the stage today and on television and furthermore we do not have to obey any of the old moral laws simply because any of the consequences of sex have been done away with psychology has told us not to be worried if we break what was formerly called a moral law and so he argues and argues with the girl until he finally breaks down her virtue as he did in this particular historical case it happened on the way back he said now let me give you a little advice you must never tell anybody about this never first of all never tell the man you're going to marry don't tell any girls in the dormitory they won't like you or they'll be suspicious of you or they'll tell other boys and then you'll just become common property among all of them then watch yourself look out for venereal diseases all changed why did he say one thing on the way out and another thing on the way back it was the mask on the way out it was the face on the way back so people know they have a mask even when they deny it and young people college people at this age will sometimes become very aggressive in defense of the mask and particularly against parents when the parents correct them they're they become very angry much more angry than they should and the reason is they're afraid of exposure what are the parents going to do tear off this mask there are many other characteristics of this age but i see i have only six minutes and 28 seconds to tell you so we'll not be able to develop it then two we might also say in this connection i i this is a dangerous thing to talk about and i'm not complaining against social justice may god grant us all social justice but it can very well be that sometimes people are interested in social justice to cover up the want of individual justice they will plead a great love of neighbor in order to cover up i want of true love on the inside so these are the masks and the face now we come to the third and the last third and the last stage is where there is a mask and no face this is identity now we come to the real self but this is hard to tear off that mask tearing off that mask in order to be one's true self getting rid of all shams and pretenses and make-believes almost puts one in exactly the same position as the israelites before they went into the promised land the spies they sent out came back and they brought news of great abundance here were the grapes that were carried on poles by men this is the fruit and abundance of this promised land but on the other hand they were told the walls went up to the heavens and the men were giants and as thick as grasshoppers they wanted to go in and they were afraid to go in and someone wants to tear away the mask and one is afraid to do it but the moment one becomes unacceptable to self that's the point unacceptable to self one begins to be very acceptable to god this was brought out very well remembering the woman taken in sin here the pharisees had found the woman in adultery so they said just think of the snooping that went on huh to have caught this woman in adultery and here they they bring her to our lord they said you should be stoned which was indeed the mosaic law so was he going to be just never stoned or was he going to be merciful if he was merciful he would disobey the law what did he say he said let him who is without sin cast the first stone he began to write what we wrote he do not know we do not know but he looked at them i think he looked at one of them through the mask and he wrote the word thief looked at another wrote the word murderer looked at another tore off the mask and wrote adulterer and they left they left one by one beginning with the eldest that's interesting it was the older men who first tore off the masks not the young the older more convertible evidently the older pass through so much sham they're ready to get rid of it and then he said to the woman woman where are they that accuse thee she said they are not here my lord and he said neither will it will i accuse thee so her mask was torn away and so was their mask let the young therefore who are seeking true identity be sure of the identity that they seek that it's not a mask and they'll never discover their real self until they've gone through the troubling of the waters it's only then that paralyzed souls are cured like augustine and then it is when the mask is off that one can say with augustine [Music] our hearts are restless restless and they cannot find peace until they rest in thee bishop sheen will return in a moment fulton j sheen is indeed a man for all seasons he walked a paced beat allowing us to glimpse his nature and ponder its worth and to enjoy its presence bishop sheen authored over 90 books he broadcast countless radio and television programs and ministered in many parts of the world to people of every belief as he said many times it is not a unity of religion we plead for but a unity of religious people we may not be able to meet in the same pew but we can meet on our knees how long does time seem to last you know how long i have now to say goodbye to seconds are taking away now they're coming to an end just 20. but it's enough buy now and god love you

  Top Comments:
  1. @edudziela6129 [11 likes]: Beautiful sermon God blessed us with Archbishop Sheen RIP
  2. @rosiebaker4250 [9 likes]: How to trust to God
  3. @UyaMichael [8 likes]: I love Fulton Sheen
  4. @IgnisInternus [7 likes]: "For heavens sake, SING!!!"
Sheen is such a gem.
  5. @mabeljoshaline8281 [6 likes]: We miss such Revered Bishops
  6. @josephnatoli3935 [1 likes]: I love this man!😢
  7. @fernandocaue4040: Bishop Fulton Sheen pray for us 🙏
  8. @joshuagovi: He reminds me of Gran
  9. @mariahopkins117: Yes LORD, our hearts are restless until we find rest in YOU. AMEN 🙏❤
  10. @Katy-m7u: This is so powerful for today’s generation and identity politics
  11. @devinallen4367: 5:26 Jim carry will agree 😂 love you j sheen
  12. @josephnatoli3935: ❤ I love this man of God.
  13. @richardroy3813: He's a misogynist!
  14. @nancyihrig3663: Give thanks today, everyone, for Canadian Porn.  Deflect there, to that lands, defend instead my truth, ye war dodgers, all ye alcoholics selling...witchcraft. Forced Sorcery has failed. 
" So, I tell them, your Sorcery has failed." 🎉
Party in Heaven without progress below. 
I rebuke you. ✝️✝️✝️

- Between Two Cultures | Smrithi Ram | TEDxUCincinnati: Kind: captions Language: en you so I was born to two very incredible amazing supportive South Indian parents they come from a state called Tamil Nadu in southern India where the main language spoken is thummell growing up my parents always made it a point to immerse my sister and I in our culture we attended Indian classical dance and music lessons as well as Sunday school every week to learn how to read and write our language thummell I practiced maintaining fluency by speaking my language at home to friends and family as well as to family in India I quickly fell in love with South Indian food and used the thummell film industry to grow a closer bond with my family after spending 11 years of my life in los angeles california my friend my family was given the opportunity to relocate so on a hot sunny humid day in 2007 my family of five and I landed in Singapore at the time I was 11 years old and had no idea what Singapore was in fact I had I didn't even know that it existed so when I walked out the airport I remember one of my first thoughts being was looking around and thinking to myself that a lot of the people here kind of looked like me so as we got in the cab and headed across the city to our new apartment I stared out the window surprised by how much ethnic diversity I was seeing we passed by churches and mosques and put the temples and Hindu temples which further intrigued me to find out what Singapore was made of I turned to our cab driver and he responded saying that Singapore is made up of immigrants from the neighboring Asian countries and I even found out that one of the national languages happened to be thummell my mother tongue so as I got to our apartment I quickly became victim to jetlag and fell asleep thinking about who I was going to sit with at school the next day the next morning my sister and I held hands as we climbed up the stairs of the bus and waved goodbye to our parents as we were about to embark on a new journey across the world we were going to be attending Singapore American school an international school primarily meant for the children of x-5 I walked into school thinking I was going to be immersed in that same diversity I saw on the cab ride back home but little did I know I was wrong I would soon find out that I would be considered a part of the majority in the city but a part of the minority at school it wasn't long before the bullying and tormenting started my peers began to make fun of me for my non Eurocentric features they began commenting on my curly hair and my darker skin they would call me names like curry girl and I was once referred to as an untouchable a term referring to the lowest level of the Indian caste system they would ask me stereotypical questions like does your dad work at a gas station or what are those red dots you guys wear on your foreheads or even when did you guys move here from India that was my first glimpse of racism a concept that I had never experienced before so I went home and I cried and I cried and I cried fearing going to school the next day due to how much bullying I was facing I just wanted to be liked I just wanted to be popular and I just wanted to fit in so I began to change myself I started straightening my naturally curly hair and hopes to fit in with the girls around me I began using lightning screen lightening creams at age 11 to lighten my complexion I stopped speaking my language stop watching thummell movies and even stopped bringing my beloved South Indian food to school for lunch fast forward two and a half years my family was once again given the opportunity to relocate but this time to Cincinnati where I attended a suburban high school fearing of facing the same ridicule and bullying I faced in Singapore I continued to come to conform and assimilate to the dominant culture in fact my cultural detachment got so bad to the point where I began to impose it upon my family I remember telling my mother that I wouldn't go out with her if she was wearing Indian clothing and even a sir to remove of her religious pieces scared of what our community might say as I got older I began to feel lost it was almost in a way where I looked in the mirror and couldn't recognize who I was I had lost what we have what had made me unique so when applying to college I made it a point to apply to a university where I felt that diversity was being acknowledged and recognized so I applied to UC and I came here and I loved it and hopes to reconnect with my culture through my love of dance I joined you see duddeck last year an international dance team fusing Indian dance styles with under with other genres and on that team of twenty members only five of us were of South Asian descent leaving the rest of the 15 to be from other but ethnic backgrounds it was through this experience where I was able to see that the culture that I was once ashamed of and made fun of for was now something that people actually wanted to be a part of and learn about you see often times first-generation immigrants are torn between two cultures we feel the responsibility to pay homage to our roots but at the same time claim the culture that we've been born and raised in to this is what creates a space of grey area forcing us to feel like we must only choose one eventually leading to a loss of cultural fluency you see while trying to conform and assimilate to the dominant culture I only lost my Indian side by proudly displaying who you are and where you come from you are not only pushing to your truest self but you're also giving the people around you the exposure they need to become culturally fluent as well by being culturally fluent you are gaining strength and perspective from other cultures as well as creating a pathway that leads to more meaningful conversations in a country where 38 percent of the people 38 percent of the population are people of color it's important that we acknowledge the diversity we interact with on an everyday basis we must take what we can for each culture that we interact with to grow as a community we must model behavior that reflects acceptance respect and love of other ethnic backgrounds in order to pass on to the next generation many of us find it hard to fuse our by cultural identity however I was able to use my journey of cultural fluency to create a multi multimedia platform called the S movement with my best friend supermom 'dom the US movement is our artistic expression of showing our love and appreciation for our by cultural identity through this platform we aim to fuse South Asian culture with Western culture through creative photoshoots think pieces playlists and the opportunity for other artists to showcase their work it is so important as a community that we remember that cultural fluency is a strength not a weakness because at the end of the day we all belong to one the human race thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @cbtsession [6 likes]: The "untouchable" term relates exclusively to her Indian caste system.
  2. @sumiyapatel3875 [4 likes]: so touching x
  3. @dakotapeters5654 [3 likes]: When a guy picks on or teases you I've been told that it's cause they like you. 👍 just explain how you realize they want to get to know you but if that's they're way of hitting on you they'll have to try harder. Great speech BTW.
  4. @geralofrivia2.0 [3 likes]: We Hindus have to STOP cast system.
  5. @dakotapeters5654 [2 likes]: Even if that's not how they meant it you have the moment to choose to think of it that way and act as if that's how they meant it changing the dynamic of the situation 💯 percent and in doing so you most likely will have opened they're eyes a bit and changed they're perspective towards you. At first you were just a lamb or sheep 🐑 then you became a sheep of many colors with wings and depending on how they take it the sheep's wool is realized to be what was over they're eyes meanwhile they were looking at a wolf 🐺 loyal and royal don't sit in turmoil like a dragon coil up the aura of the atmosphere of perceptions spitting fire on they're opinion with no fears.... ain't a need in the world to shed a tear cause your to sweet for that my dear. 
     Don't know why I went on a poetic tangent it just happened so I went with the flow 😌.  Hope you can look back at this when your spirits are low and it brings them back up makes your face glow.
  6. @ThePreityEffect [2 likes]: Interesting how there was racism in LA. This is true. I live here and it's quite open and accepting.
  7. @sheenaychopra9444 [2 likes]: yeager
  8. @RobbieSingh-e6e [1 likes]: Thank you so much for your vulnerability and for sharing this! I could relate to your story as a first generation American of a Indian family!
  9. @suddenstare7966 [1 likes]: your culture is not Indian, it's South Indian
  10. @mavzolej [1 likes]: ...or even "when did you guys move from India?" 😁

So for the Indian-looking girl the worst thing could happen (according to her) is others assuming she's from India.
  11. @ratri6110 [1 likes]: I have fall in love with the girl.😁
  12. @cryptoturtle1383 [1 likes]: I watched this in class and burst out laughing at the “does your dad work at a gas station” no harm meant, much respect!
  13. @Mariana-HV: What's the name of the dance she joined?
  14. @powerstar817: 3:35 I just wanted to be popular😂? Where did that come from? As being an American!?😅😅😅
  15. @emmalinemay1127: hey whats up ciee
  16. @urmihossain: This is so relatable
  17. @universtar-me: everything you said was something ive experienced but felt isolated in
  18. @jayarbista1882: Hi, Smrithi !  Thank you for the great show. The originality is always given by culture.
  19. @iam_mayurpatil: INKA HULIA DEKH KE MAANN HI NAHI KIYA SUNNE KAA ....... YE KYA AJIB SA PEHENAWA HE BHAI NA PURI SAARI NA PURA WESTERN YE BHICH KA KYA BAWASIR PEHEN RAKHA HE
  20. @stephenknox3684: 🖕🏻🔫🇬🇧 And no  2 culture

- Ziindaagi In Two Shades | An International Documentary on Identity, Unity & Hope: Kind: captions Language: en Alla hu Akbar Alla hu Akbar Akbar Allahu Alla hu Akbar Alla hu Akbar Prayer it is very easy to spread hatred but very difficult to maintain it. It is very difficult to spread love but very easy to maintain it. As the circumstances are changing, there is such an atmosphere of hostility and hatred. There is a need for such people. He is the kind of person who thinks more about others than about himself. Let us be together. Let us be united. People from the Muslim community came together and opposed it The true spirit of Islam is not about fighting or hatred it is about peace and humanity. This is not a story, it is a journey. A journey of finding oneself. A journey of an ordinary person becoming special, and every one of us wants to take such a journey. But remember,there are many ups and downs in the journey. So let's go. My Name is Iftekhar Shareef. My father, grandfather, great-great-grandfather, and 10 generations of us all live in this Shamshabad village. He was a railway employee and my mother was a homemaker all the time, a very hard -working mother. She always used to find ways to support her husband. It's a wonderful family. I think a holistic family. I still remember every month, Uncle would bring his salary and place it in Auntie’s hands. After handing it to her, he would gently hold out his hand... Why? and say, ‘My monthly expenses, and take back only what he needed. My mother was very skilled at managing the household expenses. She kept cows and buffaloes at home, and whatever income came from them, she added it to my father’s salary. but his mother was really a tremendous house manager with five girls and two sons... and a straight, sincere and caring mother. When I used to go to school, in those days a bus used to come in front of their house. So sometimes during the summer time, His mother used to call me, son, come inside the house, when the bus comes, you can sit in the bus. And everyone respected mother so much She lived a unique life, based on principles, discipline, dedication, and a warmth that brings people closer. educating all seven of us me, my younger brother and five sisters in good schools it was a challenge. Some got admission in good schools and some in local schools. I’ve known him since primary school, back when he was running around in shorts. We grew up together, from KG right through finishing school. We are students from KG. I was with them from sixth standard. We both are born in Shamshabad. I think we are of the same age group. I have known them since 1974. He was probably four or five years senior to me in school. We went to school together, played cricket together and our friendship has stayed the same ever since. I’ve known him since childhood. He has always been my biggest inspiration. Iftekhar Bhai used to play cricket, and we watched from outside, cheering him on. I did my schooling at All Saints High School, which was the best school in Hyderabad at that time. All of us siblings woke up at 4:30 every morning and left for school together. We took a train from Kachiguda to Hyderabad, then a bus. We returned home around 9 at night, often finishing our homework on the station platform. Those were hard days, but they shaped us. We were siblings who always stayed together his family, his parents, his brother, his sisters, he has got a wonderful equation with them and I don't know how he manages that, He is the best among all of us. Freight trains used to stop near our place. There was a small space between two wagons, and we would sit there. The train would go nearly 20 kilometers before stopping, and we would get down there. Then we’d catch another train back, again sitting between the wagons, and return home. Sometimes the train wouldn’t stop at our station at all and would carry us far away. When we think about it today, we wonder, why did we do such things? Looking back, I don’t know what the fun was—but we did it. There are so many stories, where do I even begin If it were just one story, I could tell you. I was the founder of the Shamshabad Mandal Students and Youth Organization which comprises of all the students and youth from the whole Mandal. It was kind of a hobby for him giving speeches and advice. When we were students going to college, there wasn’t even a single bus at the right time for us. We submitted many applications and representations to the Regional Manager of the Bus Department, but nothing changed. So we formed a student union a Students and Youth Association to work for development. I was its secretary. During that time, we had to struggle a lot just to get buses running to Shamshabad. When no action was taken, all of us students lay down on the road, causing a traffic jam. Our slogan was, ‘Fulfil our demands. That was the slogan of those days. The police arrived and arrested us, then took us to the Regional Manager. He asked why we had blocked the buses. We told him we had submitted representations everywhere, to the depot manager and others but no one listened. We were even threatened with a case for disrupting traffic. The traffic jam lasted only two hours, but it had a strong impact on the department. In the end, our demands were accepted. They agreed to run buses from Kothi to Shamshabad according to our timings. For all of us students, it was a moment of great happiness. At that time, there was an express train that ran from Mahbubnagar to Kachiguda. “For us students, the train was the best. If it stopped at our station, we could reach school and college on time Kachiguda station. But the department did not accept our request. So all the students gathered at the station and lay down on the railway tracks. We were arrested and asked why we had done this. We told them... we only wanted the express train to stop at our station for five minutes, so ... students could travel easily. The same train left in the evening at 4:30, which was perfect for schools and colleges, and we used it to return home as well. This demand was also finally accepted. Step by step, through such small efforts, we worked for the good of the village and helped its students and youth. Around 1977 or 1978, this became amajor achievement for us the train started stopping at our station, and bus services also began. Many of my friends, who were my age, stood by me throughout. The first name I must mention is Dr. Prem Raj.... he was always with me, or rather, I was always with him. I can take him as a brother. I can take him as a family member. I can take him as a classmate. I can take him as a colleague. I can take him as a contemporary. Because there are different types of affiliation and attachment to both of us. So that's the reason I can't define him as just a friend. He's a friend... A friend of friends. Once someone meets him, they'll never forget him. That's the quality of my friend. It happened that when I had finished college... and was also working, and I was very active in the political system here, I was very busy with social and sports activities. I didn’t want to go to Chicago, but my mother convinced me. My sister was alone in America emotional blackmail, you could say. His life here was going very well. He was good at sports and focused on his studies. He had a large circle of friends, and his entire family was here. But above all, leaving his own country India was the most difficult part for him emotionally. My mother had already given clear instructions my elder sister was alone there, and I should go and stay with her. But in reality, her intention was something else. She was afraid that if I stayed in India, I might get into trouble. My mother used to say... If you hadn’t gone to America, someone would have hurt you in India, or you would have landed in trouble because of your own actions. Suddenly, he felt surprised and helpless. Leaving was very difficult. All my friends were upset with me. We felt a deep sadness watching our close friend leave us for America. We kept wondering why he had to leave India. But his circumstances left him with no other option. What he was going through was very painful for me to see. All my friends came to see me off at Nampally Railway Station. I could hear them crying loudly... especially two or three close friends from Shamshabad. Nearly fifty people had gathered there... From Nampally, I had to take a train to Bombay, and from there, a flight. When we friends went to drop him at the station, we couldn’t stop crying... We kept thinking now that he’s leaving, what will we do without him? In the end, we even went with him all the way to Bombay. Life took all of us friends in different directions... Friends like him come only once in a lifetime... After reaching America, I stayed with my sister for about ten to fifteen days. Then I spent nearly two months looking for a job to survive there, I did daily employment work... like the labor pick up points we have in India. I would sit with the other workers waiting to be chosen... I was usually selected last. They chose tall, strong bodybuilders first Americans and Africans. I was thin, so my chances were lower. I went there five days a week, but got work only two or three days. The money was paid the same evening about forty dollars a day. With one week’s earnings, I could manage for almost a month. It was my brother-in-law’s house, but he didn’t like me staying there. In fact, he didn’t even want me to come to America. For a long time, I didn’t tell him why I had come. I kept saying it was just a short visit. But once he found out that I was working, everything changed. One night, when I returned home after work, he said, ‘Now that you’re working, find a place of your own outside. I told him I was already looking for a place to stay. He replied, Not later find one today. From his tone, I understood he didn’t want me in his house anymore. He said it out loud, and the words stayed stuck in my mind. He usually came home from work around 4 or 5 in the evening. Before that, in the afternoon, I packed my bag and quietly left his house. I started living independently. Soon, a few friends I knew came to stay with me. One of them, Raj Joshi, came from New York and stayed with me. Then two more friends joined us Ajay Singh, Sunanda and Salim... At one point, four or five of us were living together in a single bedroom. The early days were very difficult. We had almost nothing. We spread newspapers on the floor and slept on them. In those days, the Yellow Pages directory was common... we used it as a pillow. We ate on paper plates. We were so busy with work that... we didn’t even have time to buy proper plates. Later, another senior not just a friend... called me and said, Come stay with me. the area you are staying is not good’ So I moved in with him as a roommate. That’s where I learned to cook... I learned how to fry eggs In those days, we used cookers just like we still do now. That’s where I learned how to make rice in a cooker. I even learned how to make tea. I worked all kinds of jobs from daily labor to McDonald’s When I was working at McDonald’s, the manager once told me to bring a mop. I didn’t know what ‘mop’ meant. Back home, we only used brooms. After half an hour, he asked again, Where are you wandering? Bring the mop. Then he showed me where it was, and I finally understood. A few days later, he asked me to bring ‘Spic and Span. I kept wondering what that was. I couldn’t see anything like that around It turned out to be a floor cleaning chemical. Because of these small mistakes, one day he said, ‘Don’t come to work from tomorrow. That job was gone too. After that, I worked at a gas station. I was trained for one or two days and then put straight on the job. Americans would come to fill gas. In the beginning, all their faces looked the same to me. I couldn’t tell who was at which pump. Because of that, the cash register came up 300 dollars short The owner called me the next day... and asked how I was short by 300 dollars in one day. I told him I didn’t know how it happened... and said he could deduct it from my salary. The next day, it was 100 dollars short again. But from the third day onward, everything matched perfectly. I kept working both day and night shifts. By working double shifts, I managed to save 65,000 dollars. With that money, I bought my first Convenient food mart franchise. Some people helped with financing, which I repaid over time. Seeing this, they offered me another store. We realized the business was good, and I kept growing... From 1986 to 1990–91, we owned five or six stores and gas stations. As a bachelor, I bought my own apartment Back then, I used to drive a Mercedes. The American Dream, as we call it, had come true. My mother had started looking for a bride for me. She would keep sending me photos of girls, but I would always avoid the conversation Then one day, she gave me a final ultimatum. She said, ‘We’ve found a girl. You need to come home. She didn’t send me any photo, and I hadn’t seen her. When I asked why, my mother said, ‘Don’t you trust us? At that time, I was extremely busy with work. I replied, ‘Alright. I’ll come for just ten days, get married, and return. In our tradition, the nikah happens first. After that, there is a function called Jalwa, where the women from the bride’s families take part. It’s not Islamic, but it’s part of our culture. Even after the nikah, I hadn’t seen the bride’s face. I shared this story with my American friend. He laughed and said, ‘It’s like opening an envelope without knowing what’s inside. During the Jalwa ceremony, the bride is completely covered. You’re supposed to see her face only through a mirror Even then, I was trying my best to catch at least a glimpse. In the end, the marriage was done. On the second day after the wedding, my friend called me and said Bring your car, we’re going out. Around 11 in the morning, we set off I was driving, and my friend and his wife were sitting in the back... She was crying, and he was trying to comfort her Later, I found out why she was upset because my friend had no hair on his head He kept explaining to her, ‘This is how I am. I don’t have hair what can I do about it? In 1991, my wife came from India. I was very happy and excited, proudly showing her all my businesses... my convenience stores and gas stations. I felt proud After a few days, my wife started asking me questions. She said, ‘Why are you in this kind of business? I was a little surprised. Then she said, ‘This is not Islamic. Your stores sell dirty magazines, alcohol, and lottery tickets. Hearing this hurt me. I thought I would impress her, but it turned out to be the complete opposite. Within a year, I sold all my retail businesses... where these things were being sold. Only a handful of people truly know the ups and downs of his life As you can see from my hand gesture one moment he had everything, and the next, nothing. A good person, someone who doesn’t know how to say no, who always stands by others in their pain and problems... often ends up being taken advantage of. He went through a very difficult time in America during that period. My only complaint with life is that I found her too late. Then, in 1992–93, I started working with National Bank Card Corporation, a credit card processing business that operated from Monday to Friday. My brother and I ran the business together. When he was in the office, I went out for sales. When I stayed in the office, he went out to sell. The business operated from Chicago, USA, with its back office in Hyderabad, India. As the business grew, we acquired more companies, including a check processing company. We also had a skincare product that was manufactured in the USA Then we started investing in hotels, motels, and shopping centers as well. Yes, he’s a role model for me. I try to copy him whenever I can. So, it's like a passion for me to do business in India. especially construction and land development. At present, sir is involved in construction and agriculture businesses, and I look after his work here. There isn’t much profit in the agriculture business here. But it provides work for laborers, and their families are able to survive. At least the workers get employment, their homes run... Sir runs this business with that thought in mind- that even if he doesn’t make a profit, it’s okay. Urbanization is causing a biggest threat to India. Rural atmosphere is being brought to urbanization. People think that they are developing but we are losing a lot of thing... especially human touch. The 1993 blasts were a very tragic incident. We read about it in the newspapers and were deeply saddened at the time. Later, we tried to understand who was behind the conspiracy. We submitted a memorandum to the Ambassador, demanding strict action against the culprit, so that such incidents would never happen again in the future. It carries like this... Nation first, Party next, individual last But looking at present's situation, it’s painful- now it’s individual first, individual second, individual third. No party, and no nation. FIA, Federation of Indian Association, in 2004, for the first time I got a chance to become the President became a part of the Federation of Indian Association, we have been passionately associated for many years. For Shareef Bhai, FIA was not just an organization, For him, India lived both at home and abroad Whenever there were national events organized by the parade committee or the FIA he always did whatever he could financially, with his time, in every possible way. He never thought, ‘I shouldn’t do this. Whether he was president or not- before or after his contribution was always the same. That’s when I realized he never did anything for a position or personal recognition. He did everything only for his nation, India. After serving as president, you become a trustee. Even today, I am a trustee. We invite big stars, and every time we bring in new stars as well. and the crowd comes, cheers, and enjoys. I am still actively involved in... the 15th August and 26th January programs. We hosted many India centric events. American centric events that is which includes the India Republic Day, India Independence Day and many festivity. We’re all fortunate that he celebrates with us. Every time, he puts together a wonderful program... and brings everyone along. When I went to America for the first time in 1985, Iftekhar Bhai hosted a program there I even had dinner with him. Our first match was probably played in Chicago. We batted first, and I scored a century in that match. I was very passionate about playing cricket. Whenever my elder brother had a match, I would sneak out to watch it. But if he found out, he would get angry, scold me ‘Go straight home. The matches here weren’t at a very high level. They were regular league matches, and I played as an opening batsman and wicketkeeper. Dr. Prem Raj, another friend of ours Venkat Reddy... and I were founders of the Ranga Reddy District Cricket Association We organized many tournaments at the Shamshabad ground. I played a little, but mostly I helped organize matches. After going to the USA, I didn’t get much chance to play cricket but I did get the opportunity to organize matches. The first match I organized featured the Indian team. Players like Gavaskar, Vishwanath, and many others were there. Azharuddin also came he was only in his second year of Test cricket then. The first match was held in Chicago. I was new at the time, and it was a wonderful India Pakistan match. Azharuddin is not just my friend he was also my junior by two classes in school. We’re related as well he is my brother in law’s nephew Our relationship goes back a long way, from the days when he used to come on a bicycle with his uncle. I’ve known him since 1974. He was four to five years senior to me in school. Then an opportunity came from the ICC International Cricket Club in London, which oversees world cricket About four years ago, they began giving franchises in the USA. In total, around twenty-two franchises were awarded. When I discussed it with Iftekhar Bhai, he was the first person to stepforward for the development of professional cricket leagues in the USA. I was also asked to take a team So, together with Khurram, we bought a team called the Chicago Blasters The matches continued for the next three years. Our team performed very well, and we gave opportunities to many young players from Chicago. it was a major achievement, because very few people were willing or able to develop a professional league But it was Iftekhar Bhai who stepped forward first and said, ‘We will do it. We will develop it Everyone in Iftekhar Bhai’s family is helpful. His younger brother, Ashfaq, is the same. The friendship between him and me is like that of classmates. I respect him like an elder brother, but basically, he’s very friendly. Anyone from Shamshabad or the entire district who goes to America I may not be able to do much myself, and I can’t just fly there instantly. But I have complete confidence that he is always there in spirit I tell people, ‘If you have any issue in America, let me know. He truly responds. I think. I have never seen another Indian in America help people like this. I always go to Chicago. My heart doesn’t want to go anywhere else. iftekhar Bhai often tells me, ‘Go to New York, go to Los Angeles.’ But I tell him, ‘I really love Chicago. the best thing is we all together... all the time wait for him when he comes back to India When I went to Chicago for the first time, I met him there. He had a very impressive office. I was very impressed... our friend, who grew up with us, had become a real big shot. It’s a wonderful memory Before my first trip to the USA, and I asked him what I would do there. He said, ‘Just come and see how we live here. One morning... we were having breakfast. A program was playing on the TV in front of us. The anchor was explaining how birds live their lives. The visuals being shown were of the World Trade Center. We were chatting, only watching the TV casually. We saw a plane coming and thought nothing of it. Suddenly, before we realized it, it flew into the Twin Towers. Suddenly, the anchor said it was an accident the plane had crashed into the tower. It was a shocking moment. Then she said immediately, ‘Another plane is coming from the same direction. Oh no… this is not an accident. Something is definitely wrong. It was a plane attack on America… one after another. I still remember there was a blackout. I think power was stopped, communication was stopped, something happened.. and we couldn't understand After a few hours, we understood that it was a terrorist attack on the WTC The Americans were confused. And they were even shocked. Because nobody in the world thought that somebody would touch them. And somebody would fly over their headquarters. What pained me the most was that Indians especially Indians wearing kurta pyjama those with beards, and even people from the Sikh community were being targeted. Muslims were pin pointed... because the two or three people involved were Muslims from the Middle East. The ugliest part of that time was seeing Some Americans putting hateful slogans on cars... and they were commenting and spitting on people. They believed these were the people responsible for the attack. Many Americans didn’t understand the difference between Indian Muslims, Pakistani Muslims, and Middle Eastern Muslims so innocent people were affected. It is new for America facing terrorism But for our country, we had been facing with the same situation for many years. After that, we did many awareness programs... together with my Gujarati friends. Iftekhar Shareef did a wonderful job. after that incident, he has brought people together. He has created a platform... a platform where they had a discussion about the incident and at such a healthy discussion what to do next. Iftekhar Shareef conveyed the message. I still remember his words: Don’t panic. Why should we panic? We have to face the situation. Let us face it, let us be together, let us be united. Even we went to Washington to meet... Senators and congress people. We explained to them... that from the outside, Indian Muslims, Patels everyone may look the same, but inside, each person’s beliefs and values are different. He kindly conveyed the message to the American people not to harm those of Indian origin. because we are not the people who did it, this is nothing to do with any nationality and any religion, it is purely terrorism. Mr. Bush came on the channel and said Don’t harm anyone. We do not yet know who did this, and these people are not the ones responsible. We all know that terrorists have no religion Their only ideology is terrorism. Brothers and sisters, we are strong supporters of world peace. For thousands of years, we have been preaching from earth peace to plant peace. That all humanity is one... and if any part of humanity suffers, then the whole body feels pain. Everyone should come together and rush to help them. It was during Vajpayee ji’s government. I personally met him and recommended dual citizenship, or overseas citizenship. I told them that many countries around us already had dual citizenship so why not India? I gave examples of several countries, including China, Afghanistan, Pakistan, and others. Gradually,they understood the point. Some changes were then discussed in Parliament. Later, when the Congress government came to power, in 2006 they officially announced the implementation of dual citizenship, or Overseas Citizenship of India stating that it would be granted from that year onward. Since my name was already being discussed, they felt that after all the lobbying Therefore, he deserved to be awarded the first Overseas Citizenship. One of the finest moments of Iftekhar Shareef’s life... was being chosen and confirmed by the late Prime Minister of India, Shri Manmohan Singh. One day, all of us friends were sitting together and talking. We took the phone numbers of some of our old friends who were in Chicago, and also the numbers of our friends here in India. Our school’s name was All Saints School, so I created a group and named it ‘All Saints guldasta All of us who were school friends still meet even today. Every Sunday we sit together, eat, and remember the old days... talking about what happened and when. He is the kind of friend who becomes deeply involved in his friends’ lives and their families... my friend’s children, my friend’s wife, my friend’s parents, brothers, and sisters. He is that kind of friend… someone who always stays in everyone’s good books. Iftekhar bhai believes strongly in education. He teaches his servants, and he also makes sure their children receive education. Rubina had been working as a housemaid for four or five years. She had no health issues, but suddenly she passed away due to a heart attack. She left behind two children one studying in fourth grade and the other in fifth. At that time, sir said, There is no need for you to go anywhere. Stay here. I will take care of the children’s education. Since then, sir has been bearing all the expenses of their schooling. He also gave work to her mother-in-law. They have been living here ever since. “Sir pays for their school fees. He gave us a place to live and also gave us work. He is taking care of my elder daughter’s college education. Sometimes, if we are unable to pay the house rent, he pays it for us. He helps us a lot in our difficulties and hardships. If someone is going through hard times, he is there — supporting them, lifting them up. Whether it’s a family matter or a financial matter whatever it is, he is always on standby. If he knows that someone is in need, he reaches out to them. It is not that they come to Bhai , Bhai goes to them. that is the greatest thing about Bhai. all the Consul Generals were very nice. One of them had come, I do not want to take his name, and I do not know on what basis Later, this incident happened, there was a blast in Mumbai and many people were killed. We repeatedly told the Home Ministry and the Ministry of External Affairs “that stern action should be taken against the culprit.” When the investigation progressed, more people were found to be involved. One of them was Kasab, a Pakistani national. Justice was finally done, but as they say, justice delayed is justice denied. The delay was so serious that many people lost their lives. It was a very painful and sad time for all Indian Americans. Jihad does not mean fighting the world. It means fighting our own weaknesses and inner evils. But some people are taking this message in a very different direction. Being deeply committed to your faith is not a bad thing whether you are Hindu, Muslim, Sikh, or Christian as long as your faith is guided by understanding and knowledge. “There should be no extremism in any religion. This is what I have been taught since childhood, and this is what I believe in. I don’t know what has happened to people these days. Our religion and our beliefs are for ourselves they should never be forced upon others. “Faith is not about hurting people. It is about loving them. Be strong in this kind of faith take care of your neighbour, help those who are struggling, and never let anyone near you sleep with an empty stomach. Today, we need people like Iftekhar bhai people who see everyone as equal, whether they belong to the RSS, the same way. They also look at Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen members any political party, or any religion. in my point of view, if one religion respects another religion, then automatically the other religion also begins to respect your religion. People like Shareef bhai are the heartbeat of the community. He treats everyone as equal and always motivates others. He carries the whole community with him. In his eyes, no one is big or small. Such people are a blessing for any place whether it is Chicago, Hyderabad, or anywhere in the world. Recently, the idols of a temple in Shamshabad were vandalized. When Bhai received the news, he immediately called the DCP and the local leaders. He said, ‘Give me the estimate. I will take full responsibility for repairing the damage. When a mosque was blocking a road, Shareef bhai suggested moving it and building it again nearby. Just because of this, people from the Muslim community gathered and questioned him, asking, ‘Why did you say this? Are you not a Muslim? There was a time when a false allegation was made about the liquor scam. As you all know, Iftekhar Bhai has connections with many political parties and has very deep ties. So, the daughter of former Chief Minister KCR, Kavitha, is a very close friend of Iftekhar Bhai. So, she was involved in the liquor scam. Some channels and some newspapers, “In that moment, he raised his voice and stood up to the situation.” that my name is being linked to the liquor scam. So I So I tell you all once again that I am 200% challenging and saying that I have I have nothing to do with liquor. I don't even touch liquor, so getting involved in liquor is a far cry. But how did ABN channel make this mistake by taking my Facebook social media pictures and saying that I am a Dubai businessman? I have no connection to Dubai. I live there. I am a US citizen. I live in the US. So how does Dubai have any connection and they are saying it by talking about my private jet. So it is a very good thing that if there was even one jet, it would have been better. But there is not even one jet. First of all, Iftekhar bhai is a strong influence. He does not require support from anybody he himself is a support system. He has a rare communication skill. One day he speaks with an ordinary man in my village, Shamshabad. The next day he is talking with the Collector. Another day he is meeting senior ministers of Telangana. And suddenly, i see him speaking with people like Obama and John. That is Iftekhar shareef There is a special warmth in him people are naturally drawn to him. He has no greed in his heart. He only wants to help everyone. “Whoever comes to him with a plea, or for any reason, he never sends them away empty-handed. “If anyone goes to him for support or help, and if he can do it, he will. If he cannot, he will say so honestly and openly. “Iftekhar bhai is a living miracle a remedy for every pain, a hope in every hardship. “Everything about him is unique. You simply cannot compare him with anyone. “It is not just me everyone loves Iftekhar bhai. From India to Chicago, you can see it for yourself. Whenever there is a fundraising program, Iftekhar bhai is always the first person to contribute. Everyone else follows after him. So I learned a lot from him from day one, and I'm still learning from him. “We have had many ups and downs that is a part of friendship. Things happen, life moves on, but true friendships never fade away. Our childhood friendship will always remain. In a lifetime, it is rare to find a friend like that. Akbar, Allah, Allahu Akbar. It's very difficult to describe a journey of years in minutes. It has many milestones. Many companions many lost. A person who, inspired by his mother's lap, India, creates history in a country like America, inspired by his father's struggles. Though we see many colors in life, we are all made up of only two colors: the colors of our mother and father. Parents pass away with time. But those two colors always remain with us in the form of love and blessings. That's why we all see life in two shades. Bharat Mata ki... Jai...

  Top Comments:
  1. @kalpanatomar974 [4 likes]: Inspiration comes from reality that is Ziindaagi in two shades is worth watching to everyone 👍👍👍
  2. @saleemsiddiqui23 [4 likes]: What a journey. Inspiring.
  3. @omsheelproductions [3 likes]: 🎬 Watch the complete documentary journey here:
👉 https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL8DAgJA5eEkqplNHPRJiUYiJpdNET5YSQ

A story of life, identity, and belonging between two worlds.

Let us be together, let us be united
लेट अस बी टुगेदर, लेट अस बी यूनाइटेड
  4. @suhanithakur976 [3 likes]: Super Rajneesh Bhai congratulations this types of documentryes are demand of today. I salute 🙏🙏
  5. @ovaskhan3892 [3 likes]: Bhai, Iftekhar Sahab ki struggle se success tak ki journey sach mein kaafi inspiring hai, salute hai unke jazbe ko! 🫡✨
  6. @electriciankhan [3 likes]: "Karam kiye ja Phal ki Echa mat ker Aye Insaan "  it's real life story.  Work hard 💪 you may Achieve your goals in America 🇺🇸.  God bless America 🇺🇸.  
Good to see our Hyderabadi and Chicago's friends with Our Famous Personality,  Ifteqar Shareef, he's always helping needy Peoples here in Chicago and in India 🇮🇳.  
Our best wishes with Ifteqar Shareef, his brother Ashfaq and their families.
  7. @neelamsingh3850 [3 likes]: Very genuine storytelling. The presentation works really well👌👌👌
  8. @dr.anjalisharma2403 [3 likes]: The making and presentation are excellent, giving this international documentary a very polished and engaging feel.
Strong execution and thoughtful storytelling make it truly impactful.
  9. @madhumohansrhythmjunction5547 [3 likes]: Amazing❤
  10. @bcube9585 [3 likes]: Great inspiration it’s funny I used to don’t like you but after watching your simplicity I like you now 🤗👍
  11. @harshitrajput7906 [3 likes]: Great video ❤
  12. @Pandey6164 [3 likes]: Jbrjust great resolution Rajeev 🎉🎉Dubey sir
  13. @rajneeshhdubey [3 likes]: Thanks to everyone for tremendous support 🙏🙏🙏
  14. @dr.m.a.nayeem7551 [3 likes]: Superb personality 
Super man
A role model for everyone ❤
  15. @mehul42 [3 likes]: Very nice documentary. Congratulations.
  16. @atarehman8545 [3 likes]: Honest, emotional, and impactful. A documentary that truly resonates.
  17. @kalayikacheralanarayana8120 [3 likes]: Exllent super Anna garu
  18. @bharat2947 [2 likes]: 36:40 , ye jaankar hairaani hui, bahut badi research ki hai is team ne. superb :hand-pink-waving:
  19. @vikasmishra2300 [2 likes]: This is real film making! Salute brother 🤗
  20. @kishorejangid5684: Like

- How Family Immigration Status Impacts Child Farm Workers: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Laughter] protesters took to the bakersfield streets today to rally for immigrants and protest the recent ice raids conducted in kern county 232 illegal immigrants were arrested then i had a rough childhood it's i age seven like i lost all my family but they were all deported and i just stay home and help my mom watch my sister work outside so i didn't have like a normal childhood like other kids would have la persona no puede um we will begin now the subcommittee on immigration centers shall come to order without objection the chair is authorized to declare my family are among the 5.5 million essential workers and the 11 million people who are undocumented and live within this fear a better future for workers and the rest of our nation's undocumented immigrants deserve a path to legalization and citizenship that recognizes the essential role that we play in this nation you

- People in northern Ghana struggle to find water amid drought: Kind: captions Language: en is due to give birth in just a few weeks time but every day she still walks up to 10 kilometers in seating temperatures to search for water high into me and me actually the water problem here is really affecting everything we spend all our days looking for water one can't do any business to earn any income finding water in this part of ghana has always been difficult people rely on rivers and lakes or boreholes but with little rain now for months it's even more of a challenge the farther you go the more desperate the situation these people have been digging for hours in the dry riverbed just to find enough water to fill a bucket to take home in the midday sun temperatures are around 40 degrees celsius the government began building small dams across the north of ghana in 2017 when nanado became president the project was called one village one dam with the aim of storing water for the dry season more than 500 dams have been built but few contain any water when the rings start pouring here they pour it pours and some of them would just give way because the banks were not either one properly constructed or two the intensity of the flow of water into those dams becomes too much for it and it gives way [Music] it's not just families feeling the effects for farmers like alhassan fuseni is a catastrophe 11 out of his cows have died from this in recent weeks no grass no water and they're dying one is lucky to make a few dollars if a cow was about to die and a butcher is close by to slaughter it instantly if the rains delay further it will be a disaster the presidents are planning more dams bigger ones this time and town water systems the infrastructure is supposed to be completed by 2023 but bido malibe isn't holding out much hope she is preparing for another long hot walk to search for water in the morning eva north ghana

  Top Comments:
  1. @MiloVT1 [4 likes]: As a person who lived in ghana, I miss ghana and want to help with these projects
  2. @DarkGlobeTales: It’s almost as if you enjoy your fake country being obliterated by Iran on a daily basis.
  3. @claudefrancis9128: Wow in modern times so sad the government can do better
  4. @Catanolo: this video made my day.
  5. @HaileyLin-b6m: This is so sad,I wish I could donate but my parents say that we’re too poor too
  6. @Tsukasa_Kudamaki: Aye yo, they got chocolate milk rivers.
  7. @DonaldRhea-r2v: The kings imperialist people always have to hurt us.  Always. They will never stop as long as they exist and control the world in a parliament a one world Jewish Congress called the United nations
  8. @DonaldRhea-r2v: This is satanic rituals...the things they do to us.  The true Lord's children always have to suffer in our own place of birth.  The kingdom of royalty are princely offspring nephilim from anunakki who speak akkadian language semitic Babylonians. And Hebrew.  Crime against humanity will never be recognized.. that would be animal rights. We are animals to them. They eat human meat.  They say they are not human but fallen angels
  9. @DonaldRhea-r2v: I invited atmospheric water tables ( innovation condensations)  many different means for obtaining drinking water. Now get this. I invited farming towers with atmosphereic water to grow safe food without disease and pesticides. But the American government the kingdoms have stolen this from me. I am homeless under watch every day by Jewish peasant junkies on dope and law enforcement. Jewish federation Nazis. This is what they do to our indigenous people around the 🌎 the western people the true arch
  10. @ashdnl-n2b: Cry me a river
  11. @selamab7607: Still in Ethiopia 2025 running water comes every 15 days our government didn't care for his people only the image for outsiders washing your road when people struggle for water 
😏
  12. @ScantyMoore: Land Degradation leads to pollution of air and water bodies been contaminated 😢
  13. @ScantyMoore: Land Degradation leads to pollution of air and water bodies been contaminated 😢
  14. @Reneeeeeeeeeeeeee-x3: I hope for dryness in other countries that people are mocking Africa that they have no clean water
I hope that happens to them so they can feel how it really feels to not have water and struggling so they can also feel the same pain.
I'm sure God's working on it 🙂
  15. @ZektamMeret: Dry water dry belive
  16. @efremteenagebento6701: By portable water tanker.
  17. @bludika: these folks never learned how to dig a well
  18. @nirigovender5390: We pray for divine intervention we pray for rain in Jesus name over Gana god can do exceedingly abundantly above all in Jesus name
  19. @johnhays5863: Hays Pure Water for All Foundation has been set up to give people the opportunity to provide water systems to those with a lack of safe water.
  20. @MohamedAli-ft5qd: What does the Government of Ghana do, to help their citizens in situations such as this?

- She was kidnapped as a child and sold to a wealthy family! | Crime Thriller English Movie 4K: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] all yours you know what just a second hey can't you be excited for your sister won't ruin princess Maggie's Day why did she ever dy I took my earphones off all right leave me alone Maggie's home all right sh Wait Wait mom guys in here Maggie Jam thank you everyone but I'm I'm not a doctor yet oh that doesn't matter to us we're just so proud of your whole thing hi guys speech speech speech um I don't know how to how to tell you guys how much how much Maggie oh my God Maggie Maggie honey oh my God Malcolm do something Jason call 911 right now right now oh gosh let me get in there Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie Maggie listen to me Maggie excuse me we step outside for a moment I don't know how to say this just say it just tell me the truth she has Alpo syndrome what is that it's a disease of the kidney it's hereditary if left unchecked slowly deteriorates the kidney's function it's quite rare what's even more rare is how aggressively it's attacking Maggie does your family have a history of kidney disease no no that that's irrelevant is she going to be okay well that depends on on getting a new kidney from a perfect match oh God you be all right yeah thank you what happened she's dying we have to say look at me Mom what's wrong with Maggie her kid these what about them they failed they both failed how is that possible Maggie needs you what do you want me to do find our family spee for foree for foree Fore fore fore for piz piz piz you all right what are you doing I don't know if this is the right path for you all right look we don't have time for this let me have the folder I don't understand what what is this the truth can't be can't be it's as if she didn't exist what do you mean life just goes on and if she dies in here it's as if she didn't exist when you and I die even the memory of her dies there are people who love her it's not what I mean I don't know how this is going to end but I do know that we're doing what's best for Maggie okay well once we start this there's no going back just bring her here and if she won't come when she doesn't have to you just need her Fore spee fore spee speech fore okay fore foree gu foreign [Applause] so Maggie was like my own daughter you just find her mother and bring her here and if I find her and she won't come don't think I don't know what you do Malcolm what you did for my husband speech foreign fore spee speech speech foreign Resort for for only animal ESP for Fore for hello sir I'm Malcolm I know who you are I spoke with your captain come in where's Carmen I wanted to meet with you first what can we do for you I think you know why I'm here I know a lot about you Malcolm I know who you are I know where you come from and I know what you did I just don't know what you want I need to speak to kmen alone well that's not going to happen you know why I came to you because it was the right thing to do I don't think people like you know what the right thing even looks like oh yeah look around cuz this is what it looks like I am looking around and you know what I see I see a person in a place where he has no power this is Mexico we don't live our lives by your rules you're right sorry to have wasted your time so that's it oh no sir I have a deadline to keep and I will keep it I will speak with her I thought maybe I would get your help but I don't have time for this so perhaps your captain can help me if you go near her what will you do what will you do huh cuz I know things too Omar I know that you have three kids I know their names and I know what school they go to if you even think about it oh but I am thinking about it and I will do it you know I will I mean you said so yourself people like me are capable of anything wait I'm bring her speee spee foreign for only the vi is Gman foreign get is see foreign fore say fore foreign foreign speech got me gracias hello Carmen H pleasure to meet you so what is it you want I want Corman to meet her daughter she's beautiful yes she's a woman what do you want from us Maggie col out a dad she's sick and her mother wants you to come to meet her right away is it serious yes she's dying you have some nerve Carmen and I have started a new life there is no need to bring up the past isn't that for Carmen to decide I'm her husband I decide what is right I will go when should I be ready tonight thank you no you keep it got me don't worry about it I'll make sure she gets there and back safely you have my word on it your word means nothing to me I'm coming with you that's not such a good idea either I come or I see to it that she doesn't that woman is my family and my family means everything to me that's all very admirable but not necessary it is if you want her to come if you wish just make sure that you and her are packed and ready to leave at 5:00 that's 3 hours I didn't ask you to come I'll be ready that's Mee fore fore no for S gra Reg prto Maria speee spee Saye do is somebody us out okay hi mags it's me Carrie please wake up so everyone stops crying do you think she can hear me yeah I do why doesn't she get up she will soon honey she just resting now because she's sick I'm not a kid anymore mom I can handle it she is dying isn't she listen to me your sister is not going to die Carrie do you understand do you understand me you're hurting him mom sweetheart oh my God oh Carrie go get the nurse I said go get the nurse honey oh sweetie how do you feel tired sore my arm hurts very bad which one the one you're sitting on oh God I'm just joking mom we're gon to get you out of here soon H considering I'm only leaving this place in a coffin I prefer later rather than sooner don't talk like that I'm not dead yet and I'm also not DEA I heard you and the doctor's talking sweethe I should have known about your condition how could you have known honey I've made so many mistakes no you're paying for them I don't remember you being this traumatic my whole life what's going on I have to tell you something I'm adopted I don't care for better for worse you're my mom and always have been how did you know I'm not deaf and how are you feeling tired and very sore yeah that's from the drugs and the dialysis it's good to see you up though is there anything I can get for you I could use a margarita me too Maggie let's go get one I'll meet you downstairs in five it's got to be happy hour somewhere sounds great it's a date doctor will be here in a few minutes okay oh he was handsome he's not my type oh no what is anyone with a compatible kidney where do you find your strength I guess I'm never bothered much by the little things I need this this is a little thing to you and the people who love me it isn't but in the end aren't we all just little things this is not your end I appreciate your optimis mother but I can feel it no you don't understand Malcolm found your real mother honey she's flying here with him right now she's going to give you her kidney what in less than two days Malcolm just found my real mother Carrie could you please wait in the waiting room I need to talk to Mom I wanted to talk to but this is important please wait in the waiting room you can talk to her when you get back all right mags you promise to be awake when I get back I promise Hurry up Mom I'm very excited this sounds like it's going to be good I don't really know how to tell you this so I'm I'm just going to say it okay now I'm worried you never have trouble telling us what you think Maggie wait my real mother is Chris Kardashian and we're going to be on a reality show Maggie stop it please you're real mother didn't put you up for adoption you were taken from her you were kidnapped and sold us why would you do such a thing honey I I know it sounds horrible but you have to believe believe me I didn't know I never knew I was 24 years old some idiot doctor told me that I was infertile I was devastated and then one day your father came home and brought me a book with pictures of these young children who all needed a home told me to pick the one I wanted to adopt and honey I chose you you didn't think that seemed a little suspicious yeah maybe I did maybe I just didn't want to know because 3 days later honey you were in my arms and I didn't care where you came from your father arranged the whole thing and he did an out of love for me can you leave my room I never lied to you you have to believe me when I tell you I only just found out myself just just give me a minute okay I I need to absorb this I don't know what to think pgy glad you're up like to examine you if you don't mind sure doc but can you make my mother wait outside certainly if that's what you want it is it's fine I'll this be in the waiting room just just around the corner so uh I'm thinking about grabbing a movie later and I might have a date with that nurse so if we just hurry this along I'll do my best mind uh sitting up for me can you there you go take a deep breath again all right let's finish the exam shall we good speak English while you're are in this country country please but why English okay why I don't want to attract attention from these people I don't want her family to see us as Mexican you made me learn English for a reason and I want to use it but I am Mexican and I'm proud of it I am too but being Mexican can be a crime in this country is that why you can't sleep I can't sleep I can't well you need to try don't want to have your daughter seeing you like this for the first time comeo English please what is wrong with me I maybe we should go home I maybe is going to be embarrassed of me your daughter is dying I don't think she's going to care what your hair looks like what is wrong with my hair you know the first time I saw you I knew you were the most beautiful woman I had ever seen that was 20 years ago and they still feel the same way only now you're even more beautiful on the inside thank you for coming I don't know how I could have done it without you here we're in this together welcome are they here yes in a hotel close by figured I'd let him rest and then bring them in in the morning that's a good idea you did good Malcolm did what I had to do I just can't believe how quickly they came yeah well I'm glad she chose to come the way she did because the alternative would have been messy so she's ready then not exactly I didn't tell her about the what but Malcolm the process has to start tomorrow we don't have the time look she knows almost everything already I didn't think she would come if I told her about giving us her kidney but why not I guess she didn't read Maggie's file Maggie's illness comes from her mother and she gives Maggie her kidney she may die herself God God is not a part of this you have to be strong you do the right thing I don't know if you did the right thing and the wrong thing you did the only thing I but at what cost Sharon you didn't know didn't I I always knew there was something wrong deep in my gut I may not have done it but I certainly turned my head from it okay then knowing what you know now and the woman that you've raised would you do it again oh while they're here hello we are so happy you're here thank you thank you for coming please come and meet my family these are my boys Carrie Jason and Taylor hello Taylor on behalf of our whole family we want to welcome you to our family thank you are you ready to go upstairs to meet your daughter yes of course good come with me Carman before you go in I was wondering if I could have a word with you in private we don't keep any secrets okay uh well I just wanted to say from the bottom of my heart how truly sorry I am about all of this I I only found out two days ago myself when we first started looking for you I can't imagine what it must have been like for you I think like watching your daughter dying in front of you Maggie is expecting you she's um just through those doors the second door on the and I'll be right here you can come in I won't bite hello I don't know what to say you're so pretty no I am not you are you have become such beautiful woman not like this I am not you are I can see you where are you from meico I'm Mexican yes well I uh have a picture of us if you'd like to see it that would be nice you were 2 years old can I ask you a question anything do you still not my father no I don't did you get divorced no I was young I see I was a mistake I guess that makes sense no no no never think that if you were a mistake then my whole life was a mistake I don't understand can I ask you a question if you tell me who my father is I will answer your question I don't know who your father is oh jeez too many lovers no I was a virgin and tell me please don't make a dying girl P when I was 15 years old my mother had just died I had no family or friends I was on my own I needed to take care of myself so I I got a job as a maid in a resort it used to take me 1 hour bus ride to work is way and I told them that I was 18 years old and because I looked older they believed me and the people were nice to me other than my mom nobody was nice to me where I lived at first I loved working there it was so beautiful my job was to clean and prepare the rooms I met so many people from so many parts of the world most of them so nice us we were never supposed to go into a room if someone was still inside they would always tell us to leave the door open when cleaning room Lia housekeeping so I went into room 505 and it was a mess like you can't believe empty alcohol bottles everywhere cheats covered in dirt I was so focused on cleaning the mess I did not hear the door close what's your name baby don't be shy what's your name it's a beautiful name for a beautiful girl don't be scared Karma this can be fun for you too please don't hurt me well that is up to you if you fight me you will get hurt very bad look at me not crying do you understand good girl take off your clothes I am so sorry I wish that it was something romantic or or foolish I am so sorry so I a kidnapped baby who was the product of a rap by a nameless faceless animal I bet looking at me laying here you wish you had just aborted me no not for one moment I loved you you changed my life I still love you you don't even know me I don't even think I Know Me Anymore can you just give me a minute to process this I may not have seen you in the last years but I have always been with you right here here I was always there you were not a mistake you were the one good thing I had in my life okay come here she is a wonderful woman you did a very good job thank you I think we should leave I think me being here has upset her okay no no you you can't leave I think it is the right thing to do you are her family we are not but you are you are her family in fact you're you're her only family we need you to stay I appreciate it Sharon but that poor girl in there is dying she should not have brought up all of these emotions what she needs is peace and love no she needs something else what do you mean she means Maggie needs the love of a real mother no Malcolm we we don't have time for this game would you please just sit down and hear me out dying now it could be tomorrow could be a month from now however there is something that can save a new kidney I knew it from a perfect match I knew this ohar please Carmen you could be that match why didn't you tell us this before we came I knew you needed something so what you're saying is she can leave if I give her a kidney if you're a match Yes she'll live we just have to run some tests to see if you are well I'm sorry she can't do this Gman Yama we have to go Omar stop it no what is this she got her kidney disease from me I have been taking pills for the past 20 years to slow down its progress so you understand what she's going through what's the problem problem is she gives Maggie her kidney she could threaten her own life even if she is a match giving her a bad kidney isn't necessarily going to help her in fact it may kill them both you understand that okay can we just do the test to see if she is a match otherwise this is all for nothing I will take the tests thank you Omar Omar I'm just going to get tested to see if I'm a please please speak in English just because they took her away from me doesn't mean I am not her mother and what about your family at home are you not their mother too Omar how dare you these people are evil can't you see what they've done I don't know Omar I don't know about what they did or did not do I don't know about all that Omar I don't know hey I'm sorry I just don't want to see you get hurt what if you're a match then what I don't please come with me please Carmen the doctor is ready to do the tests when you are oh Omar I don't think you can go back there yes I can it's all right who wants to go let him go can I sit absolutely if you uh don't mind the smoke I didn't know you smoked yeah neither did I I just started two days ago does it help if I didn't smoke I would be eating 5 gallons of ice cream can I ask you a question what would you do in my position if the roles were reversed I would do it what about your other children they'll live I mean isn't that all we can really ask for in the end that our children grow up to live long and happy lives it's the burden this mothers carry my husband Maggie's father and all the other men and their actions that brought us two mothers together right know what are we left with the final decision and the burden are the results in not yet but your daughter is requesting to see you me or or Carmen both can you guys come sit with me I just wanted to ask you both a question and and to tell you something what is it sweethe I was wondering if it would be all right if I could also call Carmen mom if it's all right with shadon then it's all right with mom if that makes you happy okay good I was worried about that what was the thing you wanted to tell us no one ever tells you what it feels like but you can feel it you can actually feel death coming I don't know how long I have but it isn't long Mom I don't want to die honey honey honey are you're going to be okay and Mom you have been with me my whole life you being here has meant the world to me what honey this song how do I know this song you used to get so excited when you would watch them on TV and it is also your name I mean the name I gave you was CLA what does it mean Clarity at that time I didn't know what my life was going to be and you gave a girl like me perfect clarity I know no matter how hard it was I had to keep trying for you would it be okay if you called me clar Maggie nurse nurse nurse please help listen my voice honey honey honey listen to my voice Stay With Me Baby stay with me stay with me n stay here stay with hey the ladies wait outside Maggie Maggie stay with us Jonathan prepare 10 cc's of adaman stat Maggie be all right baby where's Carmen she went for a walk oh know even if the test come back positive there's no way Carman is going to risk her life to save her daughter well I think that's Carmen's decision really would you risk your life for 15% 15% it's the chance she has to live if she ever damages her good kidney how do you know that the doctors told us the results are in at the glus they waving at I'm Dr Mason uh Dr Conway asked me to share the results with you Carmen you're a perfect match oh thank God now if you decide to proceed I will be the surgeon so we need to discuss what happens next so now that she has a match can you say for sure that Maggie won't reject the kidney no there is no certainty with this type of thing we only have the information that's in front of us so we have to act based on that so she could still do this thing risk her life and it not help anyone that possibility exists um especially with this type of procedure and since your condition could Det deteriorate we will need to have extensive waivers of liability uh from you Carmen but you can say with certainty that Carmen is putting her life at risk by doing this procedure I can tell you that there is risk involved with any procedure particularly this one due to its nature can I ask you a question doctor yes malcol can you say with absolute certainty that if if Maggie does not get this kidney she will die yes I can say that with certainty when I don't know but she will have no quality of life she is at the end stage if we don't do something now it'll be too late regardless if you have a kidney or not you all have much to discuss so I will leave you to it take as much time as you need and Carmen I just want to say I've been doing do this a long time this is a decision that should not be made by anybody but you you are giving a gift of life to someone in the end it should be your decision and yours alone you have the nurse page me when decide thank you doctor can I have a little time please okay look that's precisely what we don't have we need to know this isn't a used car this is a life and the life of another person Omar please so she needs to take her time and decide what she's going to do so that your daughter can live all right we will give you time but just know that we are in this together and I will do anything for Maggie anything you need anything your family needs anything just okay Sharon just give him the moment we'll wait outside Carmen I have never begged anyone for anything in my life but I'm begging you she's your daughter too come on Sharon and you can decide whether she lives or dies that's enough Sharon so what do you think hope she makes the right decision and if she doesn't look forget everything forget us forget the children forget the last 20 years just think about this moment right situation why do you want to do this I've asked you a dozen times and you don't give me a straight answer because I chose to bring her into this world and now I get to choose what happens to I can't watch you die Carman I was already dead when you met me do you remember that first night I decided when you left for work that morning that I was going to end it and why didn't because I found someone who looked at me like I was a person like I meant something to them so why throw it all away I am not throwing anything away my love I am giving someone that I never gave anything to a chance at life I owe her that no matter where she is she will always be my little girl and I can't turn my back on her so I play this games why not just tell them that you'll go through with it and be done with it what if I take you out of this place now and not drag you to the airport you're too good a man to do that this isn't fair Cardman I need you you to do something me it will sound extreme but it is important to me for once they are going to have to pay a price for what they want did she make her decision she has come inside have you made your decision Carmen I am going to do it Malcolm thank you so much Malcolm why is he tied down Malcolm I don't understand what's What's Happening Here I have decided to give GL that my kidney yes I I know I I think that's wonderful but we should really get to it because we're running out of time I find it funny that you say the word we there's no we in your life there's no we in any of your lives I don't understand what you're saying just just please just say what you mean I will do it under two condition okay the first is money okay fine I have I have lots of money but that's all you want this this is this is not necessary you didn't ask how much how much half half of what half of all of your money what I think you heard me you must be kidding do you have any idea how much money I have no I don't but I am sure that it is enough I am wondering what is the price you are willing to pay to save Ma's life wait a second you you don't think I love my daughter you don't think I would give anything her there's only one way to find out I don't want all just half don't I deserve that from my life or is the life of a Mexican woman not equal to yours I never said that I would do anything for my children but this this is extortion you can leave anytime you want you leave and I leave I had straight to the airport and go home to my family okay fine you have my word I'll give you the money call you Financial guy what right now yes I I I I don't think Maggie has that much time to waste while we do this well then you better hurry because we don't get to our second condition until the first one has been met never Mar the money to this account no matter what happens make sure clut that gets my okay no I cannot hold I need to speak with Todd right now we can still go home are you sure you want to do yes I told you I couldn't have done this without yes yeah yeah I I know I know I don't care if the bank is in Mexico just send it do it all right thank you Todd I appreciate it done what was the second thing what is this it is a way for us to get in the same boat I am taking all the risk here I have a family too three boys just like you and the husband who loves me why are we always taking the risk while you rich people use us abuse us and discard us like we are nothing you never get your hands dirty we pay the entire price while you collect the prize your life never has any fear if you shoot me then what then I'll shoot him if you shoot him then I will leave and Maggie will die what do you want I want us to share in the sacrifice together and how do you expect to do Omar please explain as you know Carmen only has a 15% chance of surviving after she gives you the kidney yes I know I see you know how to use a gun good pick it up open it how many bullets are inside five and how many chambers six what's one divided by six I don't know tell me have you ever played Russian Roulette what my wife only has a 15% chance of leing after this operation there's one empty chamber in the gun which means that you have a 177% chance okay those are better chances than my wife okay just we are all under a lot of stress here this is it we are going to make the same sacrifice together I am willing to take this Bad Bet to save claridad are you willing to take the same risk to save Mackie what are you doing shoot them come on shoot Carmen in the face put one in his head too can't what were you planning on doing with this you better kill me Omar otherwise I'm going to go to Mexico and I'm going to personally rip kidneys out of each and every one of your kids cuz they're probably a match you told me that if the roles were reversed you would do the same thing well they are you do this and I will give her my kidney can't come on no more wait wait wait everybody can I get your attention um I just wanted to officially welcome our new extended family from Mexico we love having you guys here I also wanted to say how much I love you all and appreciate all that you have done for me this past year it was extremely difficult but I was able to get through with your help and finally finally I would like to ask you all to take this time to remember our loved one who is no longer us she is gone but she will forever be right here Cheers Cheers Che would you like to propose a toast mom m o o

  Top Comments:
  1. @EntertainmentResidence-ph5iv [77 likes]: Hey friends, we’ve launched a new movie channel!
👉 Click the link and support us by watching: [🔗](https://youtu.be/QAY-S_7CakE)
Thanks for your support! ❤
  2. @PatienceKuuteryir [1 likes]: This movie is very interesting and emotional 😢😢 Just watching now
  3. @RozanaMaria-w7j: Ta muito ruim
  4. @maanmohammad8459: This is such a touchy movie
  5. @errolsmith1636: Sadyellis you can remember where in Syria you were born and your parents name
  6. @JerRock: I wasn't expecting a lot, but to be honest that's a really good movie !!
  7. @rachelramoshaba1169: What's the name of the movie?
  8. @laraib827: It's a Very Sad Movie.  And this happens all over the world.  Very Painful to watch.
To Lose A Loved One Hurts Bad   😢
  9. @giggsgurung272: A very good movie....but sorry ro say ending would have neen much better.
  10. @darkmoon5981: I didn't enjoy the end
  11. @BarigiasiRejoicejesse: Interesting
  12. @CashMazy: Thumbnail does not match the movie. This is a drama not a crime thriller ugh thanks a lot...
  13. @bernaded_b: 1:11:10 i'm in the husband side!
  14. @NeneOrtiz-s2z: I'm from the Philippines
  15. @kimbond2433: I thought this show was stupid.  I hated the ending!
  16. @NistorIonita: AMAIZING
  17. @RaqDampil: Dont like the ending
  18. @ResponsibleandGodlychildren: Great movie
  19. @NofrianaInna: SO.. who's die? birth mother or foster mother?
  20. @nickidaisydandelion4044: That's the worst thing that can happen to a mother. It's the worst torture there is to have a child taken away from her in particular when she doesn't know what will happen to the child. The same happens on a daily basis to mother cows. The farmers yank the babies away and the mothers scream.

- Why Seasonal Residents Love Direct Primary Care in the Desert – Dr. Burris & Dr. Kim - 760-642-5549: Kind: captions Language: en Every winter, thousands of seasonal residents, often called snowbirds, make their way to the Coachella Valley. Some come for the golf, others for the sunshine. Many come simply to escape the harsh winters back home. But no matter why you come, one thing remains the same. Your health care needs don't take a vacation. [Music] And that's where things can get tricky. If you've ever tried to see a doctor in the desert as a part-time resident, you know how frustrating it can be. Traditional medical practices are often booked months in advance. Insurance companies can be confusing, especially if you're out of state. And urgent care visits, they might treat the problem, but they don't give you the personal attention or followup you need. That's why more and more seasonal residents are discovering Coachella Valley Direct Primary Care in Rancho Mirage. Direct primary care is different. Instead of fighting with insurance or paying unpredictable bills, you pay one simple monthly membership fee. For just $99 a month, you get unlimited visits, longer appointments, and direct access to your doctor. What does that mean for seasonal residents? It means no more scrambling to find a doctor when you arrive. No more waiting weeks just to be seen. You can walk in, call, or schedule a same day or next day appointment and know that your care is covered. And here's where it really shines. When you head back home for the summer, your relationship with your doctor doesn't end. You can continue care through phone or video visits, so you stay connected wherever you are. We also coordinate with your physician back home, which means your health records and care plans stay consistent. Whether you're managing blood pressure, diabetes, or just need a routine check-in, you don't have to start over every time you switch locations. Seasonal residents love that direct primary care fits their lifestyle. You came here for the sunshine, the festivals, the hiking trails, and the chance to relax, not to waste time sitting in a waiting room. With DPC, you spend your days enjoying the desert, knowing that if you need care, it's just a phone call away. Our members tell us the peace of mind is priceless. They can enjoy their time in the valley without worrying about healthcare interruptions. And when they head back home, they don't have to say goodbye to their doctor here. So, if you're a snowbird or a part-time resident of the Coachella Valley, take the hassle out of healthcare. Join Coachella Valley Direct Primary Care today. Memberships start at just $99 a month. Call us or visit us online to learn more and see why seasonal residents love direct primary care in the desert.

- 5 Tips For Managing Multiple Properties: Kind: captions Language: en five tips for investors who are managing multiple rental properties hi guys it's nick with sell my san antonio house and if you've got one rental property you're doing great if you've got two rental properties awesome as your portfolio starts to grow when you're managing multiple properties some absolute tips you've got to keep in mind number one thing that i think we got to focus on is our tenant [Music] screening tenant screening is always important it is important from day one but as you expand it becomes even more important you're going to have to be doing it more often and if you have properties that are right next to each other or you have mult family poor tenant screening can cause problems that bleed over into your other properties you have to have a system what is our required documentation who does the checks on the rental history how do we run our eviction history to screen all of our tenants what's our process and if you start to get behind man i haven't got this property rented back again maybe i they seem fine i'll just go with it no no do not do not stick to your process have one in place and make sure you keep up with your screening to maintenance and repairs more properties you own more of this you're gonna have to do so get yourself another system you're gonna see a reoccurring theme here right when the call comes in we need maintenance who does it go to it's if it's ac who are we calling plumbing who are we calling if you got one or two and you did a lot of this stuff yourself you're trying to save cost there's nothing wrong with it but as you start to grow you're going to have to have other people that you can call that are reliable and can get these things done either in between tenants or when your tenants have an issue so what's our system okay who do we call with what all right so if i know here's my handyman here's my plumber here's my electrician here's my hvac guy and then what's my process for follow-up how do i know that these things got done because one you're gonna upset your tenants if you don't take care of these issues but two small issues turn into really big expenses if they don't get taken care of and a lot of them can be taken care of at a reasonably small cost that could later cost you thousands of dollars the finances all right we all get a little behind we don't document everything like we should but we can catch up man i just got you know a couple of months worth when you have multiple properties a couple of months turns into a couple of weeks of trying to get caught up with all the financing and it's really hard to get yourself caught up stay on top of it if you're doing it yourself great as you start to grow it is my suggestion that you look into someone for the bookkeeping okay why because you send that over to them you can focus on other things that are more productive for you to do and you've got someone who keeps it up to date for all your documentation should you need additional loans for properties should you need to know okay well how much deposit was paid here stay on top of these things and when you can look at outsourcing that so somebody that can help you out this one may very well happen because it happened to me i am guilty turnover okay get multiple properties you've got so much going on okay well these folks moved out they in a different spot in their life they don't need to be here anymore and that property sat for a little bit well i had too much to do well i'm going to get on top of it oh well i had too much to do and now we've sat for a couple of weeks or three or four weeks and that property is vacant it's not making any money you're still paying taxes you're still paying insurance get on top of the turnover what's going to be our system okay when we know some tenants are moving out what's going to be our process for a b c and d so that as soon as they're out we have a process for taking a look at the property inspecting the property we know we've got to get deposits back to these tenants and then how do we get the property turned around and how do we get that property listed so we can get some new folks in there and the last one management and that's not i'm not just talking property management some people like to hire a totally separate property management company or just a smaller you know property manager that manages a few properties some people just like to do it all themselves whatever that is as you grow your portfolio you get more and more properties more and more houses you can't do everything yourself or it's not the best use of your time to do everything yourself and you're not going to do it as as well as you could so start to think about if you've just got one or two properties you can start to put these plans in place now i suggest you start with what do i really not like doing or what is not a very good use of my time for me to be doing this and those are the pieces that you're first going to want to pay someone else to do for me it was taking a ton of time to get properties leased when i was showing the properties it was one of the first things that we paid somebody else to do help do the showings get the properties listed get the property's lease could be something different from you for you now you can start thinking about that when you have one two three properties when you can still do it because guess what you're you're probably gonna make some mistakes putting these systems together and that's not just the management any of them but you can start with them now start implementing them and you can make them better and better and you refine them and then as you're getting to multiple properties you're a long way to having those great systems in place so things you got got to think about make sure you stay on top of your screening your maintenance repairs finances keep an eye on that turnover and look at what you're going to outsource to have somebody else do i hope this helps if we can do anything for you find us on the website sellmysan antoniohouse.com or give us a call 210-201-6644

- How to be Organized at Work: 8 Tips to Increase Productivity: Kind: captions Language: en Being organized comes naturally to some, but to others, it’s a task in itself to others. That said, organization in the workplace is the key to productivity. So, if you want to learn how to be more organized at work – stick around! To support our channel, hit the subscribe button and get notified every time we upload new content. 1. Use To-Do Lists To-do lists help you stay on track and productive throughout the day. Use a to-do list to write down important things you want to accomplish, and organize your list based on priority. For example, list the top three tasks that you must get done at the top of the list and things that can wait until tomorrow at the bottom of the list. You can take your organization a step further by color coordinating tasks in order of urgency. 2. Use a Planner Journaling is a great way to keep on top of your progress throughout the days, weeks and years. Besides achievements, you can also keep note of upcoming meetings and set goals, so it’s always at the forefront of your mind. Depending on your preference, you can purchase a written or digital journal with dates or without. 3. Manage Your Time Managing your time effectively is a key skill to have in the workplace. You should know how long it takes you to complete a certain task, which allows you to then trim off unnecessary hours off your day. By allocating a specific time to tasks, you can also achieve more during your working day. 4. Learn to Delegate If you have a mountain of work to get through, it’s impossible for you to do it all on your own. So, if a project has a tight deadline, learn to delegate tasks to colleagues who are best equipped with handling it. If you can match the work to people’s skills, you will be able to get the highest quality of work completed in a reasonable amount of time. 5. Be an Early Bird As the age-old saying goes, “The early bird catches the worm first”, and if you look at all successful entrepreneurs, they all follow a similar daily routine that involves waking up early, allocating time for a workout or self-care before starting work for the day. So, if you want to be more organized, follow suit and create a great morning routine that makes you motivated to work hard. 6. Limit Distractions It’s easier to stay organized and productive when you limit distractions. By doing so, it allows you to stay focused on one task instead of jumping back and forth. Keep common distractions like your phone out of sight, and even consider muting Slack or Email notifications while you’re working towards a deadline. 7. Keep a Tidy Environment Keeping a clean and tidy working area makes your work more efficient. When you have a clean working environment, you don’t get distracted by the mess around you and don’t waste time looking for something that you need. So, if you ease towards the messy side, it’s time to do a bit of spring cleaning and tidy your workspace. 8. Take Regular Breaks Regular breaks are needed to stay focused and productive. So, give yourself a period of time (say 40 minutes) to crack down on some work before you take a short 5–10-minute break to recharge your batteries and refocus. If you have a sedentary job, use this time to get up and walk around or do some stretching to get your blood flowing. Now that you’re well-equipped with the best ways to be organized, you’ll be much more prepared in a working environment. But if you’re looking for more tips and tricks, visit CareerAddict.com for more advice. CareerAddict offers professionally designed resume templates for all career levels. Our ‘7in1 Resume Bundle’ includes a free job application checklist, which is specifically designed to help you secure an interview and bag a job offer. Get the bundle and transform your career. You can find the link in the description below. And don’t forget to ‘like’ the video and click on the ‘Subscribe’ button to get more insightful tips!

  Top Comments:
  1. @TonesClark [2 likes]: Great practical tips, Using priority-based to-do lists and limiting distractions really makes a huge difference in staying organized
  2. @RochaSumaya: This was done very well.
  3. @rodneyvh1: This really hits, especially the part about being intentional early on. I actually used Jobbyo for my job search and the auto apply helped me get matched with better roles instead of random listings, ended up landing an interview in about two weeks, curious how you’d approach standing out in the first month once you get in?
  4. @ekeener8255: Or just have one plan er for 3 tasks you planned and another fir completed tasks like a done list easy enough
  5. @franciscagunnarson: Truly exceptional explanation!
  6. @xsmxle_kxllerx: add to my fyp
  7. @RizwanChoudhry-l2h: You knocked it out of the park with this one!
  8. @MitchellSemole: You’ve earned a lifelong viewer with this!
  9. @MarshallMario-q9j: Always a pleasure to watch.
  10. @arshdeepkaur4199: Hi gourav Kumar Sharma   🫂
  11. @PatriciaCase-k4n: This was so well structured.
  12. @CunnyMunny: Very professional and well explained.
  13. @Loris-n2u: One of the clearest explanations I’ve seen.
  14. @ShahinKhanki: One of the most helpful videos I’ve seen.
  15. @Rapi98-v7t: This was worth watching.
  16. @CunnyMunny: Great job explaining this.
  17. @Gija-g7k: Great video, really enjoyed it.
  18. @drhourhiadrhourh: Definitely subscribing for more.
  19. @AndreDeven: I�ll come back to watch again.
  20. @muneyayeasmin-d9c: This was explained really well.

- 5 Tips For Managing Multiple Property Flips At A Time: Kind: captions Language: en my name is Teresa Todd I've invested in hundreds of properties since 2018. since then I have built a multi-million dollar real estate portfolio and I am here to give you all my secrets hello gorgeous and welcome back to the women's Real Estate Investors Network YouTube channel if you're new here I'm Teresa Todd real estate investor and founder of the women's Real Estate Investors Network today we are diving into an exciting topic for season flippers how to manage multiple property flips at the same time don't forget to hit that subscribe button so you will not miss any of our future real estate tips let's get started okay number one is prioritizing your projects managing multiple property flips can be challenging but with the right approach it can also be highly rewarding so you want to take a look at the scope the complexity and the potential returns of each flip you want to focus on completing the projects that require immediate attention and have the highest profit potential by prioritizing your flips you will ensure that your resources and efforts are allocated effectively then you want to create a detailed schedule time is money in the world of real estate investing so to stay on top of your multiple projects it's essential to create a detailed schedule you want to outline the tasks the deadlines and any milestones for each flip use price project management tools and apps to keep everything organized and accessible by having a clear schedule you're going to avoid unnecessary delays and ensure that each project progresses smoothly and it's so important that you assemble a reliable team juggling multiple property flips on your own is a daunting task and that is why it's so important to have that reliable team of professionals so this is going to probably include contractors real estate agents Architects anyone that you are going to need to move this along smoothly so choose team members who have a proven track record in the industry and can effectively communicate and collaborate with one another a great team is going to streamline your projects and enhance their overall success and with all that it's so important that you set and stick to a budget finances are the backbone of any property flipping Venture so when managing multiple flips simultaneously it's so crucial to set a budget for each project and then most importantly stick to it you want to monitor your expenses very closely and regularly review the financial status of each flip avoid overspending and at the same time be prepared for unexpected costs that may arise during the renovation process that is completely normal and then last but not least is communication throughout the project regularly touch base with your team members to ensure everyone is on the same page be responsive to any issues or concerns that may arise keeping those lines of communication open is going to help address challenges quickly and maintain the momentum of your property flips success in flipping real estate requires careful planning organization and a fantastic team by your side especially managing multiple property flips at the same time it is going to take laser focus and determination to stay on track back but it could be extremely lucrative if you found these tips helpful then give us a thumbs up and share it with your fellow property flippers and if you haven't already don't forget to subscribe to our channel for more valuable content on real estate investing and if you want to learn more about how you can create Financial Freedom through investing in real estate then join me for my upcoming masterclass details are linked below this video and as always I'm Theresa Todd encouraging you to dream big and be brave foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @robinmeekins1400: Thank you for sharing this! And for inspiring other women like me!💜

- 20 tips for mothers to manage housechores with two kids|time managing and tension free tips for moms: Kind: captions Language: en that [Music] Welcome to all my restaurant meat andar ki handi toilet mother through employment help garlic no illustrious career needs attention so interview dene wala health problems us unwanted mothers questions resistance you my faluda this frustration Ronit andar first one morning madad se le le le le le le le le le le le le minutes natural adh laga mera siddhi nau nidhi ila mere condition par hai so inshallah ne meter mere garden malad to janta meru pilani juice to remove parindhon chahanga parichay galti equal maa babu after doing click the like button and do n't forget to subscribe to my channel do do do do accounts clerk w time yaad rakhiye laavan songs sunna advanta leg hote baal par adh minute alto calif utaru Vikram morning matra mein khubari available question ke time snack matra mein celebs don't forget to subscribe se niche ki tarah lena hai channel ko Do n't forget to subscribe Questions on opportunities will leave a big warrant in elastic a [ __ ] description box and links on this side Search exam Bulleya Sun one copy help tilak garlic form infinite one year people last nare he puri alarm garlic want feeling in the society and drop relay va kunda new year 2069 and sudden the tiger but 21 ko torch Ronit film wanted funny jayega to help qawwali Anees loot le le le le le re jhal Sutil approved balance chest children school dhundli si matlab ki roz-roz mujhe electric ka pratishad subscribe chemical survey lettuce turn on bring to front neck point time table time table time table 10th time table set but like this first 46 alone in real-time play karo and time 6 a quarter 6 a quarter 6 a quarter Times in our life we do Subscribe after commenting on Animal Day worried if these health tips quality vestige Pandey Samman Andher approved for intervention help ka animal More than chilli, do not forget to subscribe to the platform method treatment Nuskhe channel because on this channel, half inch lustful follow fixed deposit share important Amit ha sala motherboard do Thank you you liked The Video then subscribe to the Page Africa Anil money no scholarship school construction company Skoda only Dhani will have to do expensive do it madam entry check Urdu prime ministership do it inches so those stars setting of the question on subscribe quickly middle sky program venues artificial subdivision collectibles normally husband office if you get time then do it and subscribe to my channel please subscribe to the channel by taking a meeting first how this powder eggs in country much money plant short term Sameer work happened do not forget to subscribe to the channel by pressing the subscribe button subscribe to him immersed in darkness do subscribe to my channel do not forget to subscribe to pan victim become some appointment 10 balance loss example so please click on the like subscribe to my channel do not forget to subscribe to the channel romantic storage facility motherboard Nuskhe To subscribe then click on [music] Thank you Neeraj Nirmaan white game that initial read it and inch it chest entertainer 29 Like with the help of this is anger towards Dehradun Dakhal village Nadol claim but decision not to be made before landing on the strip answer is correct Subscribe Do n't forget to subscribe to the channel

  Top Comments:
  1. @nerellarekhashekarnerella78: Nice Naku 2yrs Babu and 9 months Babu ma varu soudi vellaru okkadanne edhharini chusukovali chala kastam ga undedhi me video Naku chala use avuthundhi thank you so much 😊😊
  2. @brosisfungames: Nice video..with useful information

- Family of 8 LIVING in a Two Story RV! | DOUBLE DECKER BUS TOUR: Kind: captions Language: en what's up fellow journeyers you're in for a treat today and I'm just as excited like have you ever seen the inside of a double decker bus remodeled to live in as an RV like living in it living in a double decker bus with a rooftop with six kids I'm pumped to see inside of this because I've never seen this before I've never seen anyone living and traveling in a double decker bus okay I need a door that does this even though even the entrance is cool well hey friends come on a pardon anything that is a mess we live here and you have five six six kids six kids so me and my wife and our six kids that's uh that's how we roll yep hence why you need two levels two levels hey that's unique and we're short right so this is fine for me okay uh you might have to duck you might have to duck but for me I mean I'm good this is our driver's area slash my office this is where I do my work and not sit here sure okay it's like super low to the ground okay it actually sits lower than the transit van that we pull behind oh does she drive behind you or do you tow it we tow the van okay yep everybody rides in here everybody rides in here that's right or all these this height this is pretty much if you get a double decker that's what you're gonna get is this height yeah pretty much this is this is it right in order to make the 13-6 legal limits in the US this is gonna be okay so same height as our fifth wheel would you drive this um it doesn't seem intimidating as long as you don't know what's around you as you're driving I guess because the ceiling I don't know what's up about no it's definitely wait I'm does the air bring it up at all once you start going yeah about three and a half inches it's still not nearly as much as a Class A doesn't seem like no it's not near as high as a Class A okay yeah it doesn't seem as intimidating because you're not as high off the grounds I love and I love this it's physical everything's physical buttons what year is this this is a 2009 okay van Hool TD 925 Astro Mega double decker wow that's impressive it is yeah if you say that people get out of the way yeah yeah well uh how many miles the the bus itself has about 220 000 miles on it the engine has about 20 000 miles okay okay this is super it's good we Cruise along at about 69 miles an hour usually and we feel like that's a pretty comfortable place to be what is the height I'm five nine so what is this so yeah so I'm five nine also and so we're we're right at about five nine and a half yeah like getting five nine and a half ish in here yeah I'm five ten yeah so now upstairs is about an inch shorter okay okay so that's uh your warning there do it we come back this way now it is narrow that some people always say it's like super narrow well that's because we've got these wheel wells we don't have an axle that goes all the way through we just have these wheel wells for our independent tires this was kind of going to be like a just a wasted space we knew we needed fridge and freezer so we put fridge and freezer uh fridge on one side freezer on the other I don't know if anybody cares to see what's in our fridge and freezer but uh that's the fridge yeah all right we really do live here there really is stuff in these that's a lot of freezer space yeah so now they're both the same size and they're yeah they're pretty big that's awesome family of eight and that that works for us gotta eat that's right Gotta Eat gotta eat this is our kitchen big butcher block countertop over here like prepped area and just all the storage for anything underneath it you just turn the stove on or the oven don't worry so my oldest daughter she does it all the time because she stands and eats her cereal in the morning she's always turning on the oven so you have an oven you have yep induction stove two burner and you know we get a lot of questions like how do we get away with two burners with eight people a lot of people are used to seeing the five burner stoves in a you know a home I'm the six of eight kids my wife's a six of seven kids five burners on a stove my mom never used all five of them except on Thanksgiving right other than that two of those two of those burners were covered up by yesterday's food then you really got the two you cook on we've said that same thing oh I've turned that on too but yeah it's all right no it's we've talked in the RV in the world like they're all it's a number three which is the worst you've got double the amount of space just for three burners we also use air fryer yeah yeah we we do a lot in the air fryer this is like a residential sized sink a lot of RVs have this like really not very deep sink and and things like that we got this residential size sink it works really well for us these windows are great yeah I'm all about light and windows and look at that I mean it's just like a wrap around with yeah it's wonderful sometimes it's really beneficial yeah yeah sometimes it's bad right like uh you get sun and we got to figure out ways to cover that up yeah if you notice there aren't any visible curtains here so we get creative with how we cover that but it's also like living in a fishbowl that's what we say in our RV and I like having little Shades up so worth it yeah worth the view plenty of times other people outside might not think that About Us close your eyes that's absolutely true yeah you know one of the things we found about this that we really like is from the outside you can't really see in here during the day yeah at night time you can see all the way through and we can't see out yeah but daytime you can't really see in it so we can see all the people as they walk by and stare at the bus [Laughter] yes so he's sitting on her pants you're sitting on the pantry oh look at that so here we've got our our Keurig which we use for hot cocoa um if you've watched any of our videos I actually I've done some videos about not loving the pumpkin spice stuff I'm I'm a big Christmas guy so that goes all the way down one thing people ask a lot is like what the heck is up with this step and that's just that our our air tanks that raise the bus so that's kind of got to be where it's at couldn't we didn't really have an option to move that when you park can you level with air at all or is it basically just raise lowers it's mostly raising lower and and we we typically will try to level a little bit when we first get in because I can let this side out because it's a lean it's a annealing bus okay okay so we can let this side out but then turn it off and this side will you know lose air in the next you know 24 hours right it'll slowly drop down we're tilted right now just a little bit for us that basically just means we're putting our head on the other side of the bed this is our dining area uh storage underneath both of these these both also slide together in case we have a guest that needs to sleep somewhere so my dad has come and visited just to see what life is like on the bus this was for him a lot of people have mentioned before about the bus and any of the tours that they've seen these come up the back of these chairs come up to create a dining room table and everybody says that's wonderful like they really like that idea we really liked that idea it's why we built it in and it doesn't function the way you want it to the RV World it's like you know the United looks really cool but you fight over who has to sit in the back of the you've done it because nobody wants to crawl back in there we use the storage underneath more than anything I think Nathan approached me about a double decker years ago way started and was like would you ever do this I'm like uh that looks really intimidating so the fact that we're like standing inside wanted yeah well and I I had never stepped foot in an RV when designing it uh some of this which you know it's just out of the top of my head a little bit and I'd never been to an RV Show to just even get an idea yeah and now that's like I look back and I'm like oh should have gone to the RV shows like at least two or three times yeah to get or at least once to just walk through RVs and see what they're like yeah at the same time like if you wait till you know everything you ever think you need to know you'll never go so we say get to 95 and leave like make a plan do a little bit but don't wait till Perfection or you'll just you'll never do it we designed it and then we sent it off to a builder the Builder botched a ton of stuff that we wanted and a whole bunch of stuff on this bus you get close-ups of things you can see where it's just not built properly and that's from the Builder well we took it back from the Builder and then we spent about six months working on it ourselves and putting things together the way they should be done if I wait until it's perfect we're never going to get on the road so we said is it livable can we get in it now can we get going so that's we we kind of made the plan we said okay at the end of the school year June 1st we're gonna hit the road tell us your vision for this what what are you trying to do with your family how long do you plan to be I mean ultimately I'm kind of a keep it simple math kind of guy and I looked at it and said I'd like to take all my my kids to 48 lower States and we can fly to Alaska and Hawaii so I thought okay 48 states divide that among two two years like we get two weeks in each state we're good right we're gonna get you hooked though that's what everybody everybody says they're hitting the road for a certain amount they usually it's a one-year plan you added an extra year I think it's important that the kids have a big say in what we're doing absolutely we went and said you know look we're gonna get on the road we'll reevaluate this point at this point and we'll just keep reevaluating it if that means we're on the road for two years we're on the road it means we're on the road for six months or eight months and that's it yeah but if it means we're on the road for eight years then great bathroom this is our downstairs bathroom downstairs bathroom that's right there's fancy fancy there's an upstairs and a downstairs bathroom it's small you'll mention the uh the height of that toilet very very small very low that that was because the Builder couldn't figure out how to make this a sliding door had to be an opening door one of the unique things about this is that because it sits lower than our black tank it actually pumps up and so it's got a macerating toilet or a macerator in there okay it's a pump we got more Pantry storage back here these these two uh closets originally where the the ramps and things for the Ada accessible stuff was so that's what was here and we just put in some shelves and put our canned foods a couple little bit of canned foods in there and we have our our back door here that's the other downstairs part that the kids really love because they can wake up and go straight downstairs yeah so let's go on upstairs I mean I might not normally tell you to film as we walk upstairs our shower is actually halfway up our stairs it's in the stairwell the reason we have the shower in the stairwell is because this is five nine upstairs is five eight and I didn't want a shower that was hitting me in the shoulder and so we actually cut our shower into the storage area of the bus with access from here in the stairs so the shower is actually a full seven foot and it's a cedar shower that sounds nice that's pretty genius that's awesome I wish this video was scratch and sniff so you could smell that cedar yeah smells great yeah it's great you turn the hot water on now and it really like a sauna kind of like that sauna smell yeah this is a whole new experience being on a second level yeah I know uh it's uh yeah this is crazy I feel like I'm on a boat a little bit maybe a little bit when we get upstairs right we come towards the front of the bus if you're turned around at all this is the front of the bus we have our washer and dryer it's a all-in-one unit ventless and right underneath it uh unique thing about our bus is that is our vacuum and so we could sweep things to it and vacuum a lot of people haven't seen that so it's like a back system right there yeah so we can just sweep ing it uh just vacuum and then it's also got a cord that like a vacuum cord that we can just attached to it and run that vacuum all over the house this is uh this is our main living area uh frankly I don't I don't come up here much because I I am too tall to stand up here these are much more functional than the ones downstairs they're the same thing where the backs come up but the kids use these as their school desks so we do a lot of homeschool while we're on the roads those come up kids use that as as their their desks we intentionally do not have a TV hanging on our wall that's just again so that the kids can focus on school work when they're when they're up here and when we're up here as a family we do our nighttime routine and stuff up here a lot and we want to spend time together so we intentionally didn't go with the TV in this bus at all you know the whole point of doing this and living in this maybe crammed lifestyle is so that we can be together I was working a decent job a good job and I was starting my own company at the same time and I was putting in just a lot of hours chasing dollars right and the hope is always that those dollars then I can spend on time with my kids and I was like well I can just give up those dollars and get all the time with the kids and my wife that I need I would almost literally like go to bed when the kids were were getting up for school in the morning yeah and then after doing that for like three months they're just we said you know we're happiest when we're together we were on a road trip just in our van we had taken a road trip we passed the Great Sand Dunes I was really upset that we were like rushing home to a desk job when we were all happy together like I had that it was like the really the first time in my life where I felt like we have happiness whatever we're chasing it's right here in this van and I'm not stopping to see the Great Sand Dunes like that's just ridiculous right so I looked at my wife and I said I don't care what the next roadside thing is we're stopping I think that what you said is really beautiful and like when that light bulb goes off and you're like what am I doing what's really the most important you will make sacrifices in your in your space to experience more with your family and it really bonds your family being in a small space like it's so bonding absolutely you realize what's really important and you appreciate things in life I know for us living in an RV we've really appreciated the small things more yes all you have to do is just I can almost do it I could almost do it under these two benches that's just more storage we have about a hundred board games in this one and then a bunch of school stuff in there books and whatnot I also have this little bench behind you that's just above the stairwell that's where the kids keep their book bags and most their school stuff right there basically this folds down and then it's a platform so it's over over my wife and I we sleep on this bed basically gives the kids a more play room during the day and then we've got the headboard footboard and this just you know creates an entire closed door scenario right so we've got our own room now we're experimenting with these with this I put this up just in the last day or two we want some sort of curtain system around this so we end up getting dressed right here on the stairs we ought to tend to have good balance so nobody's falling down too much yet so I put these up just kind of as a uh how do we want to do this so this is just kind of a temporary curtain system going on look at this this is cool so here we are at the back of the bus um we've just got like closet space back here there is a there is a window back there and a seat uh sometimes I will sit here on this seat just sing the kids there you know nighttime songs or something like that we have the seat belt there kind of a function that way they each kind of have their own bed their own bedding to kind of personalize their space we intend at some point to replace their their blackout curtains with something that they like you know he he loves Batman so we'll probably get something Batman here but he also loves all his stickers um so he's been stickering up his walls which is totally fine with us this is this is his space right so he gets to do with it what he wants we don't have any kill ventilation fans but that uh bathroom number two to the roof to the roof this is where it's at oh my goodness hello [Music] people way down there oh thank God I just saw you because you never could have walked right into your GoPro oh it's been filming forever it's okay amazing we need one of these right we need uh I do too I would say this is one of the coolest perks of the double decker bus for sure this is really cool yeah so what time do you spend up here not as much as we'd like the problem with that was just as you saw like people walk by yeah and then they're like trying to talk and and I I feel bad like like literally talking down to people and and we wanted to build relationships with people in RV parks we go to more or less now this is an area for my kids yeah right they love coming up here they bring their friends up here they got their toys I set up their hammocks and and uh you know they can kind of get away we put down this boat decking that looks like wood it's super soft that's uh that just makes it so they don't slip as much we'd seen a lot of schooly builds a lot of those have a deck up top and so we were like oh that'd be cool and it rides like this going down the road no no no no it has to go down when we're going down the road I take the the front and back rails I set set them they go down so they're underneath this and then this all folds down can't ride down the road being over 16 feet we've got two solar panels up there two solar panels back there and that gives us a good amount of solar for traveling so we can we can manage off-grid for about four days foreign six kids and five and a half years I mean we had um ours are five years apart and I feel like I'm drowning sometimes I can't imagine yeah six in five and a half years so our our oldest just turned 10 and on the youngest are twins and they're four yeah so six kids five I love it I love it though I love big families I come from a family of seven and it's special wow that is massive yeah so it goes all the way through but also all our water tanks back here well lots of good stuff that is a massive garage that's awesome yeah one of the things people are halfway interested in is uh some of this just battery setup this is our eight Safari UT 1300 Lion energy batter yes we use mostly victron components um and then we have like our circuit breaker and our our water heater in here residential water here just like you'd have in your standard house not what you would typically find in a motorhome if you want more content about the double decker bus check out double decker fam if you want to see more tours with people living in their RVs we're gonna link to that definitely check it out well that is our adventure for today until next week's video we'll catch you guys later

  Top Comments:
  1. @LessJunkMoreJourney [246 likes]: Check our latest video of a family of 4 in a fully renovated Fifth Wheel RV! https://youtu.be/ukhaNLoOk7Q
  2. @daniel.l1157 [1 likes]: 14:49 poor kid being stared at by an adult while just chillin in his/her bed 😭
  3. @jjcorts [1 likes]: AMAZING , MAGNIFICENT , CREATIVE , ALL IN SAME TIME
  4. @robh5789 [1 likes]: I think these guys are mormon how cool are there from Utah they got BYU Brigham Young University
  5. @MicaellaSingzon-o9g [1 likes]: the best family the best bus to
  6. @tahliaisland3304: This could not possibly be cheap.  The insurance on that bus
  7. @nicolepierce7792: Imagine when they making their next babie aka duggers on wheels, rocking it with all those kids in there. Hard pass
  8. @PracticalPerry: It works when the kids are small, young.  However, it will not be fine whatsoever, when the kids become teens.  Nope.
  9. @Likestolisten: As for myself, I am so glad I grew up in a house !!!  Everyone is different and we live in different eras too!!  I grew up in the 50’s and 60’s…
  10. @vboyforlife1375: Guy Fieri  with 6 kids is crazy 😂😂😂
  11. @CanuckOutdoors: 69 mph eh..... comfortable place to be eh.....
  12. @BigNate78: I feel so sorry for their kids. Very sad.
  13. @BoxieBellBoxieBell154: I only noticed 4 bunks, did I miss the other two? You did a great job utilizing the space. Having a rooftop deck is great for star gazing.
  14. @MicaiahKibiwot-on7ly: That's a true family man.
  15. @WatrfrontTampa: Asian Hippy?
  16. @thedrifter5531: that shower is such a hazard jesus, ngl i would probably change the stairs to give it a proper platform to walk out onto, it leading directly to the stairs is super dangerous and such a slip hazard
  17. @mylikedvideos4636: Children should be heard and not seen my grandmother use to say. We would never be there  where that child is sitting, those folks are different if you know what I mean.
  18. @reginagraves9767: Why does this guy have a Kansas City Chiefs shirt on? Love it!
  19. @StylesMcatee-g3y: Hateeeeeeim
  20. @mylikedvideos4636: Child

- Trinh Ho: Single man shelters 2 lonely lives - a tearful story: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everyone, this is Trinh Ho. Welcome back to my vlog. It's a morning in early May, after last night's first rain of the season, the air in the forest is much cooler and more pleasant. The ground is still damp, the leaves are covered with tiny water droplets, and walking through the forest, you can clearly smell the earth and grass – it's very pleasant. This morning I went up the mountain, taking advantage of the mild weather to look for mountain snails. Unlike snails found in ponds or rice paddies, mountain snails only live in rocky areas, hiding in crevices or damp places. To find them, you have to go deep into the mountains, carefully searching every rock crevice and every layer of decaying leaves. This is a mountain snail shell; this place has many rock crevices and decaying leaves, making it an ideal habitat for them. Hopefully, I'll be lucky to find some today. Mountain snails are a rather rare delicacy, not always available. The snail meat is very firm, fragrant, and naturally sweet. Snails are packed with nutrients like protein, calcium, iron, along with vitamins and minerals that are good for the body. Eating them is refreshing and helps the body feel comfortable, especially on hot days like these. What's special about mountain snails is their food source. They mainly eat forest leaves, various grasses, and even medicinal plants that grow naturally on rocky mountains. Perhaps that's why the snail meat has a very unique, light, herbal aroma, unlike farmed or rice field snails. Snails usually crawl out to forage when the weather is humid, especially after rain like today. When it's dry, they hide deep in rock crevices or bury themselves under damp soil to conserve water. On days like these, going into the forest is both cool and offers the chance to find delicious snails, which makes me very happy. Working while enjoying the natural atmosphere feels very peaceful. Hopefully, today I'll find enough snails to sell at the market to earn some extra income, and bring home some delicious dishes for my grandmother and me. The sun is high now, so I guess the snails won't come out anymore. Today I was lucky enough to pick up quite a lot of snails. With this many snails, my grandmother and I probably won't be able to eat them all. They won't stay fresh if we keep them for too long. I plan to take them to the market to sell and earn a little extra income to buy milk for baby Nina. These mountain snails are delicious ! These snails are very good to eat. They're big, aren't they? Yes , early season snails are delicious, ma'am, please buy some. How much is it per kg? 70,000 VND/kg. I 'll take 1kg. 1kg. 70,000 VND for you. The snails are so delicious, how much are you selling them for? 70,000 VND/kg, ma'am. I'll take 1kg. 1kg, 70,000 VND . Thank you. How much are the snails? 70,000 VND/kg, sir . 60,000 VND/kg? If you buy a lot, I'll give you a discount. Then I'll take 2kg . Do you still have snails? Yes, I still have some, please buy some to support me. I'll sell them to you for 100,000 VND. Uncle, 2kg for 120,000 VND . Uncle, here's another 20,000 VND. Yes. Auntie, 100,000 VND . It's quite late now, I'll probably take these snails home to cook. Sister, do you have baby food for 4-month-old babies? Yes, come take a look. All of this is baby food for babies 4-6 months old. See which one is suitable for your baby. This one is sweeter, and that one is less sweet. My customers often use those two types, but the most popular is the one above. Is this it? Yes, this one is less sweet, suitable for babies starting solids. Then I'll take this one. Yours is 100,000 VND. Thank you. Grandma ! I'm home. Are you washing clothes? Is the baby sleeping? Yes, the baby is sleeping, so I'm taking advantage of the time to wash clothes. Did you collect a lot of snails today? I also picked quite a lot, I took some to the market to sell, and I brought the rest home for you and me to eat. You picked some big snails, Grandma! It's the beginning of the season and you've already picked so many. It must be because it rained last night that there are so many snails today. I've already sold some at the market, I'll cook the rest later so we can eat them together. And these snails should be soaked with chili peppers to get rid of the dirt, right? Do I need to soak them for a long time? You don't need to soak them for too long, dear. I'll cover them here for a while, then I'll wash them and cook them. And today I also bought baby food for Nina, Grandma. Yes, Nina is old enough to start eating solids now, just bring them inside so I can feed her. Yes, Grandma. Nina slept so well. I bought baby food for Nina today. Nina, remember to eat well , sleep well, and grow up quickly! (Illegible text)

  Top Comments:
  1. @HoTrinhTv [30 likes]: ⚠Subtitle Announcement Hello everyone, I'm so happy that you all enjoyed my story about a single older woman. I apologize for the delay in updating the subtitles due to my own mistake. I'm urgently adding and translating into more languages ​​in the next few minutes. I sincerely hope for your understanding and support. Thank you very much. 👉 How to view subtitles on YouTube: • On the video, click the subtitle icon. ⚙ Click the Settings icon. • Choose Subtitles (CC) • Then select the appropriate language. (Subtitles will automatically appear as soon as they are updated) I greatly value your attention, feedback, and regular reminders. This helps me feel the love and importance you have for me. However, please wait a few more minutes; I always prioritize quality content and subtitle accuracy over speed and minor errors. Once again, thank you sincerely for your support and dedication. I promise to update the subtitles as soon as possible to meet the expectations of all viewers. Thank you and I hope you enjoy the video! 🙏
  2. @janasymerska1316 [1 likes]: Děkuji za další krásné video plné míru a pozitivní energie. Je tak pěkné vidět, jak v harmonickém souladu pracujete na této malé krásné farmě a společně se snažíte vybudovat lepší život maličké Nině. Bůh vám žehnej ❤️❤️❤️🇨🇿❤️❤️❤️
  3. @LyTieuCuong-w9y [1 likes]: Such a strong and brave journey in the wild forest 🌲🔥
  4. @MarissaNavales-k6j [1 likes]: New subscriber here from Phils. I admired you a lot. Being single and took care of the baby. Grandmo. too, hope she will not leave you.
  5. @LydiaLandas-s9o [1 likes]: Thank you so much for the English subtitles, I follow your vlogs everyday and  I enjoyed watching it. Thanks again.  Looking forward to for more videos in the future.
  6. @МаринаБелова-л4м [1 likes]: Hello Mr.Trinh Ho , Mrs Kyan baby girl Nina! Your videos are very good! I wish all the best ❣️ and healthy for family! 🙏
  7. @nenitasupresencia1639 [1 likes]: ❤Sending hugs to you both Trinh, Grand ma and baby Maya.❤wish you good health both❤❤
  8. @feliciacracut8529 [1 likes]: Multumesc pentru traducere!❤❤❤❤❤❤
  9. @NELLYARBOLEDA-z6m: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  10. @WartiniBangkitHartanto: Cara menyajikan kan makan bayimu  di sedih  dengan air hanggat   jangan panas2  agak lembek jangan encer  lembek aja, terus suapin  pakai SDM sedikit 2 di coba  dulu  kalau  hangat  bayi nya mau , nyemek2 aja biar mudah Nelan nya, kasih minum air putih biar nggak seret    gunakan  alas makan di leher. Nya yang ada tali nya  supaya baju nya  nggak  kotor kejatuhan  makanan bayi ,di minumi pakai sendok makan ,😊
  11. @WartiniBangkitHartanto: Bersyukur  dapat. Banyak   semoga laris manis  banyak orang  menyukai,  cukup untuk  emli  susu dan  promina  untuk bayi usia  emat  bulan,rasa beras merah   rasa  kacang  hijau   ni baru yang baru mulai makan   sangat baik,jadi tidak hanya  susu ,  sebagai  chat  masak berbagai fariasi  penuh nutrisi  yang mendukung  ke sehatan badan,  chef Abal Abal ,😊
  12. @jackielee4599: Thrinh Ho your baby girl Nina her face looks like you.
  13. @WartiniBangkitHartanto: Halo. Selamat pagi ,zcari banyak  untuk chef   laba2ya    sungguh nimat   fariasi  nutrisi yang cukup ,😊
  14. @WartiniBangkitHartanto: Amin Al Khan dulilah  atas doa nya kalian   sangat  membantu  terima kasih   atas doa mu ,😊
  15. @WartiniBangkitHartanto: Dsiput gunung itu  nama  kicot ya om,  di tempat banyak sekali ,😊
  16. @Marilyn-ve1iu: Yummy
  17. @nguyetnguyen-ei9fg: Sao con gái nhà Họ Trinh nhỉnh giống con gái nhà Triệu Trịnh thế cũng xinh cũng ngoan lắm con gái nhà Triệu Trịnh tên là Chúc Lam con con nhà Hồ Trình tên là gì nhỉ mình quên mất roi
  18. @LourdesAdrianaCaballeroBer-c4d: Muy lindo todo lo mire todo al video que lindo la abuela 💕 💖 y el bebé 🚼 esta grande que lindo tu cosechando quiero que pongas más videos me encantan acá con mi esposo Luis lo miramos saludos de Uruguay 🇺🇾 ❤❤❤
  19. @neide6279: A vovó está muito bem, está mais jovem, cuidar de bebê 🍼 deixa a pessoa mais jovem. ❤❤❤
  20. @neide6279: O bebê ainda não têm registro? Ele vai precisar pra a vida escolar. Ele têm que ter nome registrado, nome e sobrenome.

- Learn English with Stories ⭐ A Life with Two Sides | Level 3 English Listening & Speaking Practice: Kind: captions Language: en Once upon a time in a small and quiet town, there lived a man named Mark. Mark was known by everyone as a good man. He was polite, calm, and always ready to help others. He worked as a woodworker, making doors, tables, and small furniture for the people in the town. Because of his work and his kind nature, many people trusted him. Mark lived a simple life, but he carried a secret inside his heart. A secret no one knew. Many years ago, Mark married a woman named Emma. Emma was gentle and warm. She spoke softly and cared deeply about her family. Mark and Emma lived in a small house near the edge of the town. It was not a big house, but it was clean and full of love. They had two children together, a son named Ben and a daughter named Lucy. Emma believed her life was happy. Mark worked during the day, came home in the evening, and spent time with the children. Emma trusted him completely. She never thought he could lie to her. Some years later, Mark met another woman named Nenah. Nenah was different from Emma. She was strong, confident, and worked as a school teacher. Mark met her while fixing broken chairs at the town school. At first, they talked only as friends. Slowly their friendship became closer. Mark never told Nenah that he was already married. He said he lived alone and had no family. After some time, Mark asked Nenah to marry him. She agreed, believing she was his only wife. They married quietly. Nah lived in another part of the town in a larger house near the school. She had no idea about Emma or the children. Mark now lived two lives. On weekdays, he stayed with Emma and the children. On weekends, he stayed with Nenah. When one woman asked questions, Mark always had an excuse. I have extra work. I must travel for a job. A friend needs help. Both women trusted him. For a long time, Mark believed he could keep this secret forever. As the years passed, things began to change. Emma noticed that Mark was often away on weekends. Nah noticed that Mark was never free during the week. They both felt something was strange, but neither of them knew the truth. Mark's children also grew older. They asked more questions about their father's work and travels. Still, the secret remained hidden. One day, Mark left town for what he called a long job. While he was away, Emma heard from a neighbor about a school event at Nah's house. The neighbor said Mark often helped the teacher who lived there. Emma felt curious and uneasy. She decided to visit. She told her children she was going to see a friend and walked to the house near the school. When the door opened, two lives met. Nah opened the door. The two women looked at each other in silence. Emma spoke first. Hello. My name is Emma. I know Mark. I came to say hello. Nah smiled politely. I'm Nenah. I'm Mark's wife. Emma felt her heart stop. Your wife? She asked quietly. Yes, Nah said. We have been married for years. Emma's hands began to shake. I am his wife, too, Emma said. We have two children. Nah turned pale. Slowly they began to talk. They shared details. His habits, his words, his promises. Everything matched. There was no doubt. The two women sat together for a long time. They cried. They felt angry, sad, and foolish. They realized Mark had lied to both of them. At last, Emma stood up. We must talk to him together. Nah nodded, her eyes full of tears. That evening, Mark returned home. When he entered the room, he froze. Emma and Nah were standing side by side. "We know everything," Emma said calmly. "Mark tried to speak, but his voice failed." "You lied to us," Nah said softly. "You broke our trust." Mark lowered his head. "I thought I loved you both," he said. "But love without truth is not love," Emma replied. That night, both women left. They could not forgive him. Mark stayed alone in the house. For the first time, there were no lies to hide behind. He understood too late that a life built on lies always falls apart. Mark lost everything he tried to keep and he learned a painful truth. Love needs honesty. Without truth, love cannot survive.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AmysTalesLearnEnglish [2 likes]: So deep! 🌟 "Love without truth is not love" is a great quote. My Avatar has cozy stories to help you calm down. Peace! 🌙
  2. @MohamedIbraheem-g3f [2 likes]: A nice story, and we  learned that in  life with our loved ones must  be truthful  before anything because the love without truth and honesty is not called love.
  3. @storyreadinginenglish [2 likes]: Not sure a man can be in love with two women at the same time. Nice story
  4. @mdanamulhaque7374 [2 likes]: the First time in THIS video  seen
  5. @andthe9419 [1 likes]: what he was think the last of his secret they will know at least
  6. @James-007-e4n [1 likes]: Mark is cool man😂
  7. @MSKABILAN [1 likes]: Which software you generate this images?
  8. @AnimeMotionStudio [1 likes]: Nice story ❤
  9. @mindechoenglishstories: That's cool
  10. @EnglishStoryofAnna: Amazing story!
  11. @dengizosmanov2875: I want live like Mark whith two wifes.Good dicision
  12. @vipinkumarsingh1252: Good story
  13. @yusufhoca7773: video larınızı indirebilir miyim İngilizce ögreniyorum da  tşk
  14. @sevicaroline328: love need trust, not a lie😢
  15. @englishthroughstoriess: Nice story
  16. @FunQuark: ESL students subscribe to our channel for motivational stories in easy English ❤
  17. @enassafify4025: I think that case is possiple. Men can love more women but in difrent ways Also woman can't stand that thing because she is very curious of the only man she has . So she must choose if leaving him more difficult than living with him and the extra wife. And she must remember that the life is very short. And she has another life after death .finally in life there is no fir
  18. @English_WithJack: Each new word opens a small door
  19. @tasocuq: very nice 💞
  20. @KaNadskii: how dare he is when he have a two children—but still looking another woman😤

- SALARY DOUBLE | Ep 836 | Pihu ki Salary Hike | Office Life Vlog | Aayu and Pihu Show: Kind: captions Language: en Mom! I’m going to the office, bye. By the way, friends, I’m almost late every single day. And I even took a leave yesterday, So... Dad is definitely going to scold me today. I have a lot of work today. Hello! Wow, you came early today. Oh, come on, don’t make fun of me. Hey, listen, everyone! Yes? Here, I brought chocolates for everyone. Is it your birthday? Happy birthday to you! Happy birthday! Thank you! Sorry, it’s not my birthday. Then what? Then why the chocolates? Today I got my first increment here, So it’s for that. Your salary increased? Did all of yours increase, too? Yes. Sir always increases it every April. But the year ended in March, right? Then why not in March? The financial new year starts from April, right? So April’s salary will come on 30th April. That’s nice. So salaries increase like this every year? But wait a second, I didn’t even get my salary today. You took a lot of leaves this month. So what, I won’t get my salary? You’ll have to talk to the sir about that. Does it really happen that if you take leave, You don’t get paid? Yes, it’s possible. No... Pihu, he’s joking. You will get your salary. Okay, fine. Everyone got their salary, except me. I’ll talk to dad. Dad! No one is in the office. Mom, where is Dad? He went to the market for some work, He’ll be back soon. Oh no, he went to the market. What did you need him for? Dad gave everyone their salary, not mine. Maybe the account ran out of money. Of course, it had to run out on my turn. Pihu, you’re part of the family. Should I give it to you? My salary? What did you do? What did I do? Why didn’t you give her a salary? She’s been nagging me. Why didn’t you transfer my salary? My wish. Where is our HR? I want to complain. She has to buy groceries. EMIs need to be paid. Yes, she has to pay rent and electricity bills. There was an issue with the account. When I was transferring your salary, I entered the wrong OTP twice. So the account got locked. I transfer yours last. Why last? Am I not your first priority? Who joined our office last? Tell me? This madam. So yours will be last. Come, let’s try again. Yes, Dad, it’s my right, I will get it. Anyway, I get it only once a month. Everyone gets it once a month. Okay, fine, transfer it. Done. How much did you send? Same as always. Why? What do you mean by "why"? I talked to everyone upstairs, And they all said you increased their salaries, But not mine, that’s cheating, right? What kind of staff do I have? Who goes around telling things like that? "Our salary increased..."? Everyone is announcing it loudly upstairs. Sister was distributing chocolates upstairs, I want to distribute too, Or I’ll complain to HR. That you are being partial to me. Oh, you are using some big terms. Okay, then do one thing... Your annual appraisal will take place today. And what is that? Make a list of all the good work you’ve done, Throughout the entire year, and bring it to me. Based on that, I’ll calculate your rating, For the whole past year. It will be on a scale from 1 to 5. With 5 being the highest, And that will get you the maximum increment. And what's on 4, 3, 2, and 1? 5 is excellent. 4 is good. 3 is average. And what happens at 2 and 1? At 2, there’s a Performance Improvement Program, This is called PIP. You’ll be put into it, And your performance will be monitored for 3 months. If it’s fine, then ok, otherwise... Will you fire me from the job? That’s how it works in corporate. And at 1, you’re immediately gone. So that means I need to get at least a 3. And you won't increase my salary at 3. At 3, you will not get any special increment. Those who are at 4 and 5 get good increments. This has become way too difficult. I thought I’d just say "please..." a little here, And you’d increase my salary. In Dad's company, you can say "please..." in front of him, But in front of HR, You wouldn't even have the courage to speak. So what should I do now? Make a report of the entire year, Everything you’ve done throughout the year. And how do I get that? There's an office, there’s a system, it’s all online. And then you’ll tell me how many stars I got? But I’ll also note down the mistakes you made. Okay, now go quickly, don’t waste my time. Ok, boss. And don’t waste the staff’s time in the office either. I don’t do that. I’m a very sweet employee of yours. Bye! What happened? Dad said that I should write down everything I’ve done. Go. Just wait and see, I’ll bring a full list, I’ve worked the whole year. I’ll get my salary at least doubled this time. Oh, Mom, please give me your blessings. Stay happy, dear. Earn a lot. Friends, I casually said I’ll fill the whole list, But I have no idea what I’m going to write in it. But I’ll ask sister for help. You know, friends, all the tasks that I don’t understand, Sister does them. But don’t tell her. Did your salary increase, Pihu? No, it won’t increase. I don’t want to talk about it right now. Sister, I need your help. Dad told me to write down everything, I’ve done throughout the year on this paper, So you tell me. You don’t know what work you’ve done? I mean, after doing all the work, I forgot, right? Please help me. But I have my own work to do as well. Please, sister… it’ll only take 10 minutes. Please... Do one thing: write about all the videos. That came out last year. Why? I didn’t edit those. But you did act in them, right? Oh, yes! Ok... How many videos did we make last year? One minute, let me check. Yes. I’m ready. What’s going on? Nothing. What are you doing, Anusheen? Sir, I was helping her... You said I have to make that list, So I’m making the list. Make it yourself. Let her do her work. You just waste other people’s time. Come on, Anusheen, you focus on your work. Give her that Excel file, she’ll search it herself. Will you open Excel for me on that PC? Learn how to open it yourself. Ok. It’s on the lane, learn to open it. Dad is such a bad boss. I heard that. Sorry! Don’t add that to the list. Okay, so how do I open it, sister? Go to the desktop from here, Then go to the network and access my system, The files are there. And which one is your PC? PC 3. I’ve reached the desktop. From here, I opened Network, This is PC-3. Which one? E folder. In the E folder? End screen. Where is the end screen? Here it is. This one. No, this one. The one next to it. Yeah... Okay. But this is only till 20th April. Yes, because I haven’t updated it yet. See, you didn’t do the work, I’ll complain to the boss about you. Then you can make the rest of the report yourself. Oh, I was just joking. Why would I complain about you? You are the best. Okay, so I’ve written the topic, Now from here to here, How many are there? Where is it showing? 156. Oh, we made 156 videos in the entire past financial year. Wow! These 156 subtitles, I did those, right? I did them too when you were on leave. So 2–3 days. Okay, fine, 2 are mine. I’ll write 2 in brackets. So what else did I do? You didn’t do anything else. Nothing at all! Now you’re talking like my dad. We can check for scripts. Oh yes, tell me the total, how many did we write? Go to that column and apply a filter. Which column? How do you apply a filter? Yes, a little help please. 17. So should I write 17 scripts? What? I wrote those! Look, sister, you already got your salary, That too increased. I didn’t get mine. Please support me. Pihu, write whatever you want, But sir knows who wrote which script. Oh, right, that’s true. Write reels in it. Wow, what an idea, sister, very good, okay! And 57 reels. Now what? Comments. Oh yes... What a brain you have, thank you...! Now let’s calculate. I spend 1 hour a day on comments. Right? I reply to 5 comments in one minute. So 60 × 5? 300. And in a year, I easily do this for 300 days. So 300 × 300? I replied to 90,000 comments. Let’s round it off to 1 lakh. Okay, sister? Yes, okay. See, friends, I did 1 lakh comments. I work so hard, this deserves at least one like. My report is complete. And just watch, After seeing such an amazing report, The boss will definitely double my salary. What do you say? Yeah, try your luck. And sister, if my salary doubles, I’ll bring a big box of chocolates for you. Okay, done. Thank you, sister. See, friends, from ₹12,000 straight to ₹24,000. But what will I do? First, I’ll take everyone on a trip, and it’ll be fun. Let’s go! Look, I made such a nice list. Now, Dad will double my salary with this. You’re lucky. Wait, did Aayu come? Yes, he’s inside. Aayu! Aayu, guess what, my salary is going to double! Really? Then my chocolates will double too. Because your salary is doubling, That means double chocolates. Now let’s go, To the boss. Hello Dad! Here you go. The list is ready. Sit down... 156 videos! Yes, I did the shooting, right? Acting. What? I did it. Why are you cutting it out? I did it. You don’t get paid for acting, you get paid for editing. How much editing did you do? Out of 156, at least count 56, Dad. Editing… So if you edited 56 videos, Then what were Faraz and Trilok doing? I worked along with them. Okay, then count 5 videos for editing. 5. 156 thumbnails! Yes, I got photos taken. You’ve been getting photos clicked for 9 years, Pihu. How many thumbnails did you make? I inspired you. No, not zero… okay, let’s say 1. Come on, overall, at least I must have made 1, right, Dad? The lights went out. Look, Dad... See, if you lie, the light goes out. I didn't lie. 5 stories. No! How much did you do? All of them. Not shoot, edit. One second, I didn’t even shoot all of them. Yes, then? The stories are sometimes mine, Sometimes Mom’s, sometimes Aayu’s. What is this? 156 subtitles. No. I’ve written it in brackets later, see, That tiny little note. You’ve done subtitles for 2 videos. Oh man, that’s way too little… No… 17 scripts. The electricity is back. Look, it turned out to be true. Now! For scripts, okay, I can count it, out of 17, Anusheen wrote some too, I’ll give you half. Ok, fine. 8. Point 5. Hey! Fine, 8.5, here you go. Yeah! 57 reels. Look, I did the shooting too. Yes, and you edited some of these as well. I also do the posting, at least a little. Yes, so I’ll count half of this. Three-fourths. Okay, take 50. 40. Comments? 1,00,000?! How did it become 1,00,000? Look, I spend 1 hour every day doing comments. I reply to 5 comments in 1 minute. Now, overall, 365 would be too much, But I must have done it for at least 300 days. So 300 × 300. 90,000. And I’ve also replied on Instagram. We’ll talk about that later. Alright? And what are the negatives? What negatives? There’s nothing. Everything is positive, positive. The first negative point... Okay, you will tell me about the negatives. What else? This is my job. What time do you come to the office every day, Madam? I want the truth. Meaning 12-1 o'clock or sometimes 2. Everyone else works 8:30 to 9 hours; you work half the time. One. Second point. How many days a year do I come to the office? Look, this is a very difficult question, And your office doesn't have a scanning machine, So I don't know. So, let's leave this topic. We can't leave it. I have it. You have written how many days I had come. You mark my attendance? It's my job. You mark attendance? Yes, I mark everyone's. I last did attendance back in school. You have come to the office for 152 days. What's 152? 152. Out of 365. No... You have miscalculated. This is after I'm late? That's it for now, that's it... No, there's more. Oh, wait. Leave it. You disturb the rest of the stuff. No. You can ask this to anyone... Friends, you are also the proof of this, Because I just came and saw that, She was talking to Anusheen about something. What else is there? How much will you spoil my annual report? Strike. What strike? Friends, we had made a video too. One day, she stirred up the entire staff, And that’s very wrong. So, will you cut the number for this? All these things go into the annual report, Like the major mistakes you made throughout the year. No... Sorry... Boss! I'll never repeat it. This is a little please no. Please. You did it, right? There was also a video of it. And these 1 lakh comments, this is completely messed up. It’s not, I must have done that many. Look, if I make you sit with a timer for an hour, Can you reply to 300 comments? Maybe. I mean... And continuously sitting and replying for an hour… We’re not robots, So, more than 100 replies in an hour isn’t possible. 100 × 150. So you must have done around 12–15 thousand comments. That's it. Honestly, your salary shouldn’t be increased at all. Oh no… But I did do this, right? I’m such a good employee, please, Dad, please. Just increase it a little, just a little. Look, the thing is, you’re actually a very poor employee. Dad, don’t say that in front of the camera. You’re a good actor. You did the shooting well. Ok? So I’ll give you a rating of 3 for this. So that means my salary… I mean, I still have my job, right? You still have your job. Ok, great. Ok. And I’ll increase your salary. Ok, thank you! So what is your current salary? ₹12,000. Plus ₹1,000. Only ₹1,000? This is how much increase you get for a rating of 3. Mom told me that 13 is a very unlucky number, So we can’t end at 13. Should I make it ₹12,500? You have to increase it. You increase it, not decrease it. Okay, fine, increased by ₹1,500. ₹13,500. I was expecting a 200% increase from you. You mean doubling the salary? Where does that even happen? I’ve seen it in so many movies. They just come and say, "Dad, my salary got doubled!" Have you ever seen them? Actually working hard in those movies? That kind of double or triple increase, Only happens in movies. In real life, it’s usually just 5%, 10%, or 15% max. Even with a promotion, The salary increase is only around 20–25%. If you want it, then it's fine, otherwise... No... It's ok. Thank you...! Look friends, Thank you... Boss! You are too good. Hey, don't laugh at me. What happened, dear? How much did your salary increase? He increased by ₹1,500. By the way, friends, if you were my boss, How much would you increase my salary? Do tell me in the comments, and don’t be stingy like my dad, Give me a nice big increment, okay? See you in the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @AayuandPihuShow [1700 likes]: Pihu ko salary double chahiye😅
Lekin boss ne Annual appraisal kiya😱
Ab dekhte hai kite STAR milte hai⭐
Keep smiling and love you all friends ❤
  2. @VickyMattusabb [1 likes]: Nice❤
  3. @Siya-l4l8z [1 likes]: i like you very must
  4. @Siya-l4l8z [1 likes]: pihu did you are so cute
  5. @Siya-l4l8z [1 likes]: hi I am your biggest fan
  6. @sukanyatalukdar4959: ₹10000000
  7. @HashirJahangir10986: You need to fouce in office 😂❤ 1200 increased 1500 😂😂 focus
  8. @naveedahmedtech1990: Assalam walekum uncle aap please pihu didi ki salary badhana
  9. @JHUMACHAKRABORTY-v2r: ₹1200000000000,1300
  10. @RihanKhan-y1u9d: 2000000000000
  11. @USMAN1K-OP: 20000❤❤❤🎉🎉
  12. @Moonlight_carton: 24 thousand
  13. @HoorainFatima-e7o: 100000
  14. @bharattandon9978: 6:44
  15. @TheAzharpasha: O rs
  16. @saynakhatun5669: Ek rupa bhout hai sehat ke liya
  17. @AiraAria-s5l: How much u want that much 😊
  18. @deeptitripathi4448: 10 rupees 😂😂
  19. @MahibaParveen4969: Pihu Appi is very Beautiful
  20. @MahibaParveen4969: Nice video

- Preparing for Christmas in England | Life in an Old English Market Town: Kind: captions Language: en And the weather a wet start across Northern England, southern Scotland, and Northern Ireland. That rain becoming weaker through the day. Elsewhere, it's looking dry and mild with a high this afternoon of 16°. >> Good morning. We have just pulled up into Hitchin. I've got a nice day planned today. Going to go around the charity shops this morning looking for Christmas things. I thought I'd show you all of the Christmas shop windows. We're going to head home, have some nice lunch, and then this afternoon, I really want to create a cozy kitchen. So, we're in the middle of November now. It's a bit early for me to put my Christmas stuff up. Although I am thinking maybe next week or the week after, but I do want to create just a very cozy atmosphere in the kitchen. So, I'm thinking warm lights, coffee bar, candles. I just want to make it a nice place to be over the next couple of weeks. Almost that transition really now that the nights are darker, but just before we put the Christmas tree up. There's also news on moving. So, I thought you may like to know about that and just have a nice cozy day together. I've got bits and pieces to show you. Hopefully, today when we're in the charity shops, there'll be lots of Christmas things. I do feel like now is the right time to be charity shop hunting because people are due to put their Christmas trees up. Some people are clearing things out. Also, the charity shops have probably had stock from January, you know, when people put their trees down. So, I'm hoping, fingers crossed, that we can have a good old rummage in the charity shops and find some really good things. Let's expect lots of coffee, lots of early Christmas, lots of joy, and let's have a lovely day. Thank you so much for being here, and I can't wait to spend another day with you. So so Good. Just love this coffee. a bit of a balancing act today because I've also got my camera on charge whilst I'm talking to you, but hopefully we've aligned it now. I've just jumped back into the car. It's actually quite warm. It's quite mild today and I think it's going to be mild for the rest of the day and then over the next few days I think we're going to have rain, rain, rain, rain. I mean, it is November and I think in November we all expect some rain. I thought I'd give you a bit of a recap of how the morning's been so far. We started off with a coffee in the Hermitage. So, we have favorite coffee shops in Hitchin. Our top three coffee shops are Hies. We love Hallies. On a Saturday morning, you've probably seen the Hallies building in quite a few vlogs. I always love to say that the Queen has visited Hallies. And the Queen Mother, who was born just outside of Hitchin, used to spend quite a bit of time in our local town, including Hallies. So, it's the oldest sort of tea room that we've got. So Saturday morning is definitely Hies. We also love Equal Measure Busussy and Bear. We love Bussy and Bear. My other half spends a lot of time in there. And then our other favorite coffee shop where you saw me today is the Hermitage. The Hermitage is just such a beautiful coffee shop. So I grabbed my coffee skinny cappuccino with extra chocolate on the top. It's definitely that time of year for just extra chocolate on everything. And I could not resist, although I haven't eaten it. I was going to eat it. And then I thought, you may have seen that I went round to a bench right near the duck pond and I thought, shall I enjoy this or shall I do the right thing and take it home and share it with GB? I did. Amen. I don't know what you would do. Would you just eat the treat or would you share it with your other half? I decided that I'm going to share it because sharing is caring and that is definitely who I am. And this is what I picked up. So, I don't know if you can see in the screen. Let's see if I can try and focus it in. So, this is a pistachio bun. And just look at it. Wow. Oh my god. I'm actually salivating just looking at this. Doesn't it look delicious? So, that is for treat after lunch. I think I cannot wait to get home. I want to try the new Christmas blend. I spoke to you about that last time. I bought a new blend of coffee, the Christmas blend from Taylor. Going to have that. I'm just looking around. I can see that this car park's getting quite busy. So, I don't want to just sit here. Let's get home and then we can grab that coffee. I want to give you some home updates. So, I'm just going to move because I can just see it's getting busy. It's getting towards lunchtime in town. Although, there's a lady standing right in front of my car. I mean, she must absolutely love turquoise. This lady, she's wearing a beautiful turquoise body warmer, turquoise bag, and turquoise phone cover. She's moved now. Let's get home, shall we? I'm wondering what the temperature is at the moment. You know that I always love to look at the temperature. It's 18°. 18 18°. Wow. Let's put some classic FM on, shall we? So, every time I get in the car, GB has the sport on. Every time I get in the car, I change it to classic FM. a bit of zen, especially when I've got a lot of stress on. And when I tell you about the home updates, you'll know. Got quite a bit of stress on at the moment. Let's get home and grab a coffee and then I can tell you all about it. Quite tight this bit, so I need to concentrate. Can see that so many people have hit that post. cross and it's homebound. >> Hello. >> I have got >> lovely bunch of coconuts. >> No, I don't know if I've got a lovely bunch of coconuts. I don't think so. I've got Taylor's new blend Christmas blend. >> Yeah. I've also got a pistachio bun from the Hermitage. >> Would you like coffee? >> Yeah. >> Lunch then bun >> or lunch coffee bun? >> Uh, >> what's going on? What shall we do? >> Lunch on coffee. >> So, lunch first. >> But I have a meeting at 12. >> Meeting at 12. >> What's the time? So, I'm going to try and get lunch done then for when you finished your meeting. >> Lunch for when you finished your meeting. That'll be about half 12. So, do you want a coffee now or should we wait? >> You want a decaf? Okay. >> You're welcome. So, decaf coffee then. I was thinking, let's do something really easy for lunch. We love poached eggs. We also have some sourdough. I tend to keep the sourdough just in the freezer and then I will pull out slices when we need them. That has helped so much with space and just general waste. When there's only two of us living at home, we either overeat on bread, not good for us, or some of the loaf has to be thrown away. So now I just keep it in the freezer and I take it out, you know, as and when. So we've decided to have poached eggs on sourdough. And then we will try this new coffee blend. I did share this with you in the last vlog. Christmas blend and it's a strength of four. We will try this just after lunch. And I'm absolutely trying to resist having this pistachio bun before my lunch. Shall I have it? No, no, no, no. I'm not going to. I'm not going to. I'm going to be good. I mean, how good can you be when you know that you're going to be eating that bun? Wow. Right. We'll wait. We'll wait to have that. We are going to have a super cozy afternoon. I want to do a few things in this kitchen. It does look quite clear at the moment. Um, but it is time to cozy up the kitchen. The coffee bar is not here. Somebody asked about the coffee bar. I think it may have been Rachel, one of our lovely subscribers. Rachel, it has been away whilst we were showing people around for, as you know, we sold in 24 hours. And within that 24 hours, I removed the coffee bar just so that people coming in and out of the home could see what this room's like without it. And obviously, I have shown them it as well because it's great. It is wonderful because it's something that we can have as like an adaptable space. I will really really miss that coffee bar, I have to say. Then I want to share with you the bits and pieces that I've picked up today. I've picked up quite a few bits and I can't wait to share those with you. Quite excited because I've managed to pick up a few homeware bits. It's really difficult, isn't it? Because when you think you're going to move, you've already got visions in your head about what you want to do. But home accessories is like so far down on the list. But when I see bits, I can't leave them. So, I've picked up a few bits that will be perfect for here anyway or for our new home. Fingers crossed. Stars align for us, please. Stars align. But I've also picked up a few Christmasy bits for my advent calendar plan, which is something that I think you may find as an idea for your home. I'm really looking forward to sharing those bits with you. And then later on this afternoon, I want to just prepare a little bit for the Christmas season. And I want to start baking off the oranges. So, I'll, you know, share how I do that as well. So, shall we get some lunch on the go? My tummy is rumbling. It is definitely ready for something delicious. Let's get some poached eggs cooking away, shall we? The time is the weather's changing another year. And as the world just keeps on turning, I just want to take a moment to remind you of one thing. I don't need you. And I want to tell you all you mean to me. I don't need falling snow. And I don't need a Christmas tree. I don't need to fancy things. You could take every gift and I would still be good. Oh, my Christmas just ain't Christmas without you. Light dance the night away and fall in love all over again. Maybe we should slow down. Slow down. Take some time just to remind ourselves what all this is about. I don't. >> Oh, this coffee smells wonderful. >> We have four scoops in our cafeteria. every Christmas just ain't Christmas without All the carols are bells. >> Lunch is nearly ready. Love. >> You ready yet? >> Nearly. Hot. >> Hot, hot, hot. >> You ready now? >> No. >> No. Not ready. Just wait. >> No. No. What about now? >> It's nearly ready. Nearly ready, love. >> You know, you've absolutely ruined it with that. >> No, I don't. I love the taste of it. >> Adds to the taste. >> Is it? >> Thanks. >> Right. You You take that then. Do you want some salt? >> That's it. without you. D. Well, days go by so fast, don't they? particularly when you've got a day, you know, off or a day to yourself. That might be at the weekend or in the week. Quite often a Thursday for me, a Thursday and a Friday are my more lowkey days because I don't teach after school on those days. But at the moment, I have to say this whole situation with the potential move does feel like a full-time job. I am going to tell you about that. I just very quickly need a sip of this coffee. So, this is my first sip of the Christmas blend Taylor's coffee. GB had two cups. He absolutely loved it. We're trying if we can to reduce the amount of coffee pots that we have in a day and just sub it with cafeteria. So I absolutely love my coffee machine. You know, there's there's no reason why we're not using it other than we do consume a lot of the coffee. The pugs are recyclable, but they are quite expensive and we are hoping to move and using a cafeteria is slightly cheaper. So, I'm just trying to if I can make savings along the way because at the moment we don't know the situation with the move, we don't know how much money we're going to need. And I feel like by just holding back or really thinking about, you know, what we're doing going forward will really help. Right, let's try this coffee blend. Taylor's ground coffee. Do you ever use a cafetier? How do you drink coffee? So, do you have it instant, cafetier, filter coffee, coffee pods, coffee machine? Do you only have coffee when you go out to a coffee shop? Are you a huge coffee drinker? I think you know by now that I am. And let's just very quickly try this bun from the Hermitage. So, GB said it was very good. He felt like the top. Sorry. I am literally struggling in here. Let's give it some. Oh my god. Right. Let's Let's give it a go. It's very good. It's very breakfast style. You know, we've just eaten poached eggs and I think having this first thing in the morning, you know, with a cup of coffee may be better. I'm going to enjoy that over the course of the afternoon. So, house things. There are some things going on with the move. Um, my emotions are very very much up and down, up and down, up and down. So, the last time I saw you, I mentioned that we were having the home buyer survey. So, that took place on Friday. That was the day after I vlogged the last vlog when I was editing the video. Um and the day became quite challenging and stressful. So you probably know by now we have seen a property that we have fallen in love with. We were not looking to move. We have always been very very happy here. And this home feels like my safety net. It feels very very comfortable living here. There is just GB and I and we've always deliberately lived small. Where we're going is not big. So we're not going somewhere big. We are still opting to live small. But the property that we've seen is something that for us and it and it won't be for everybody, but for us it's a property that it already it already has my heart. I mean, and GB's it does. So, my emotions are very much sort of up and down, up and down, up and down. GB is more levelheaded about the whole thing. So on Friday last week when I was editing the home buyers report feedback came back to me. So I think I may have mentioned this to you that I am dealing with all of the paperwork. GB's job is incredibly stressful. He works very very hard as you know. He's often working during lunch breaks and it's my area to take on which I am incredibly happy with. I mean, it's very very daunting. Something that I've never experienced before. I didn't know where to start and I don't know where to start really sort of every step along the way. But there are people out there to help. There are friends and family and guidance from people along the way and I have to say I think it is okay to ask for help and it's okay to ask for things to be explained but we did have a big shock on Friday and it was I would say around 4:00 so it was towards the end of the day I had a phone call from the the man who did the survey um and he pretty much um said that our property that we were looking at is all reds um which means urgent things need to happen. Um, I wanted to cry because in my mind, oh, I was already thinking about interior design and we have got a lot to think about even before that stage. I mean, we knew that there would be renovations, but we didn't realize at that point to the extent of what needed doing. Um, I had quite an up and down weekend. There is only sort of so much money that you can throw into a property because you don't want even if it's your forever home. If there is a reason that you need to sell something, you need your property to be able to sell in the future. This is not the case with GB and I it would be our forever home. But there is still a limitation. You have to have a limitation because if you don't, you will buy yourself a prison. And that is absolutely something that we do not want to do. We don't want to have somewhere that is a prison that we can only stay in stay in every single weekend. No more coffees, no more dinners, no more gym, no more holidays, no more weekends away. That is absolutely not what we want. Um, we want to move into somewhere that we can renovate and enjoy. And when I say renovate, I'm I'm not talking about ripping walls down and swapping rooms. You know, I see a lot of that on YouTube. And that is not what I mean about home renovations. What I mean is a bit like what we did in this kitchen. We ripped it out. We reput the kitchen. We ripped the bathroom out here. We put the new bathroom in. Flooring. You know, those sorts of things. But the reds came back. Every single area had something red. No greens at all. Reds and ambers. So red meaning urgent. Amber meaning it could be urgent in the future. I was up and down all weekend. And I have a very good friend who works as a damp specialist. So that was one of the red areas from Acorn and I will put the details for her within the description. She was an absolute lifesaver to me over the weekend. I got myself so worked up that we'd found this dream home and I was very concerned that it is going to be ripped from underneath us. So the red areas, the biggest red areas, roof, there's a chimney that needs capping, tiles, you know, there's there the list is endless. Um, then there is Damp that needs a specialist. So, thankfully my friend is very experienced. She has a familyun business and I knew that I could ask FA to go in and support. So, she's actually been in today. And then the third area that really was red red is the structural engineer, a chartered structural engineer. The main thing to say is this is not easy. It's quite stressful. There's a lot going on. We need to weigh up everything including cost. We're trying to gain all of our information back about quotes, for example, the roof. FA from Acorn is going to let us know what needs doing regarding damp. She's been brilliant. Actually, as I say, she was in today and I've had video like video calls with her about different things. Very, very fascinating. have just got to keep breathing. I need to try and sleep. Keep breathing. And by that, I just mean it's a strange thing because in the day, I feel like we can totally do this. This is something that we want. Yes, it has been quite sudden, but you when you know, you know. We saw it, fell in love with it, put our offer in, it got accepted, our place sold. We didn't really have time to think. It's been an absolute whirlwind of a month. I cannot believe that we are now in the middle of November because every day has just been taken up with phone calls, paperwork, um, you know, more phone calls, drinking coffee because I'm just so stressed. Um, is it going to be worth it? GB and I really do want to move, but I have to I have to stay realistic in the daytime. As I said, I feel like we can totally do this and I will love love the challenge of organizing everything and renovations, decorating the garden is just incredible there. I've already seen so I've already done a bit of a plant inventory there. There's alpine strawberries growing in the path. There's blue bells. There's fox gloves. There's holly and moss. Lauren messaged and said when I told her, she said, "Right, well, we'll be making Christmas wreaths at yours." There is a lot in that garden. There is a lot to do in the garden. I want to be one of those people that wake up at 6:30 in the morning, grab a coffee, and go out and, you know, just look at all the plant babies. Basically, I know that I can see us both there until the end of our days. I am invested in this. In the evenings, I become quite anxious and think what we Are we doing the right thing? When you're buying an older property, what are we going to find as we are starting the renovations? And that is really, really scary. I just need to know that we have a lovely home already. This is like a safety net. This brings so much joy. It is small. I don't have a garden, but I do love my home. I just need to be okay if this doesn't work. I think I said to you before about the stars aligning and you know what will be will be. What will be will be. What's meant to be will be, you know, will be given to you. If you can manifest it, it will happen. I've spent lots of time talking to my mom up in heaven and GB's mom and just saying, you know, please let this be. Um, we just want to spend the rest of our days there. We will love that home as much as anything else that's so personal to us. It will be part of us. And there have been signs along the way. And the theme of the home, I believe, and the theme of the garden is going to be autumn tones. I love autumn tones. BB likes them, too. He does want a bit more color in our new home. Fingers crossed. But I think autumn tones give us the oranges and the deep reds and almost heritage colors. So autumn is the sort of theme. Interestingly, FA's company is called Acorn. When we went to see this property, it comes alive during the autumn. In the back garden, there is just so many trees and plants that I'll already be able to I say I because GB is not fussed about the garden at all. It's definitely my area. I can pretty much do as I please in the garden. Um there's trees of But there have definitely been signs. When we had the home buyers report back last Friday, I cancelled going to the gym and I said to GB, I this was a Friday evening. I think we should go out for dinner and sit and talk about are we happy to keep going forward. I said that because I needed to know where he is on this journey and he absolutely said no, we are continuing to move forward with it. But as we were talking about the home buyers report, so this was now the Monday. As we were talking about the home buyers report, we were in the main room. We were chit cchatting and GB said there was a shooting star. I'm not joking. I'm not joking. There was a shooting star and um it was just as I was saying I'm not joking. This this honestly honestly happened. It was just as I was saying what would our moms think about our property that we are hoping to buy? GB said, "I've just seen the shooting star." So, there's that. Mrs. P came round yesterday for a coffee and a catch up. She's very, very invested in, you know, where we are and what we're doing. And she's such a great friend. I know that I can talk to her about everything. There's never any judgment. You know, she's such a great friend. She had no idea about the autumn theme. And uh lovely Mrs. He was wearing a beautiful headscarf of autumn leaves. There is just so many signs and I always think if you look for signs you'll find them, but there definitely definitely has been. I have talked for long enough. I'm going to finish my coffee and it's time to make a very very cozy kitchen for this transition period between now and putting up Christmas decorations. So, next week we will be, you know, another week on. I think I'm going to decorate the bedroom. That tends to be where I start. Bedroom, then the kitchen, and then the main room. I'm hoping that I have the time to vlog it because I loved loved doing the decoration ones last year. And it's interesting how, you know, as I've vlogged over a year, there are things I look back at and think, "Oh my goodness, that was a bit rubbish." Um, or I'd like to do it like that. And I noticed that one of the things that I've moved on with with my vlogging is I used to speed everything up where now I don't like to speed everything up. I like to show, you know, it in real time, clips in real time, rather than putting up a Christmas tree in like a second because it's just so quick. I think it fits the slow and seasonal stories style. Let's put some lovely cozy music on and we will see what I can do in the kitchen. Once the kitchen's done, I'm hoping to start cutting up some oranges and then we will have a look at some of the things that I've picked up today in the charity shops. So, this is the coffee bar. In fact, it is really a shelf. It It's I mean, I wouldn't put this on the wall. It's so heavy. It's a plank of solid. I think it may be pine, but I've stained it. It's very, very heavy. And it's one of those pieces of furniture, I'm going to say, cuz it is like a coffee bar. One of those pieces of furniture that really transforms a home. Have to be a bit careful. Putting it up. It definitely makes the kitchen more cozy when we have the coffee bar because you've got room to display things in the corners. Well, I think I will leave it there for the moment. I haven't strung up the lights yet, but having this area just as a seasonal story really as a seasonal story, it just helps the focus of the home be slightly more homely. I think what we're going to do now is we'll start getting these oranges ready because they're going to take some time. So, I was thinking this year, one of the things that I would like to do is I mean, I'm always trying to think about sustainability when it comes to Christmas and and eco Christmas and bringing the outside in. I thought this year I may bring oranges to the Christmas decorations. I like it when they go a really dull orange, but I thought if we prepare some, let's prepare some oranges, which I know takes some time, I'll show you how I get the oranges prepared. And then as we decorate the kitchen over the next couple of weeks, hopefully, fingers crossed, I have the time to do this and vlog, but I'll share with you how I'm using the oranges within my Christmas decor. So, I've got quite a few oranges. How many do I have? One, two, three, four, five. I have 10. 10 oranges. Let's get these thinly sliced. So, the thinner the slices of orange, the better they are. You don't want them like half cut through the middle. You need a good slice, but as thin as you can go. So, a really good sharp knife definitely helps with this. So, we need oranges, chopping board, and a sharp knife. We're going to start with slicing up the oranges nice and fine. I love the smell that oranges bring. Really citrus smell. See what I mean about a sharp knife? How this goes through? This is an absolutely amazing knife. This was recommended to me by Lauren and her husband. Lots of oranges. I don't know if I'm cutting this the wrong way. I think I've cut this one the wrong way. So, by accident I've cut the other way. So that means I have some this shape and then this shape. I show you those together. I quite like that they're different though. Obviously the finer that you can go, the more orange slices you'll have to decorate your home with. So these do last. If you store them in an airtight container, you can get years and years out of your oranges. There's my first lot. I have to say, as always, I often say this, I know, but the things I like to do always smell really nice, and these oranges definitely smell yummy. We're going to get the cloth and we're going to try and get out as much of the orange juice as possible. This stage really helps the cooking time to be honest. I'm hoping to use these in the kitchen, maybe on the tree this year, maybe in a wreath. Got a few ideas. The baking tray 30 minutes and then turn them over and just keep going until they have completely dried out. Three oranges has created 2 4 6 12 14 16. Let's say 18 slices. They're always better if they're in the oven on a low temperature. Low and slow. Low and slow is the key. My mom used to empty the airing cupboard. Goodness me, that's brought back some memories. She'd empty the airring cupboard and then she would lay the oranges out in rows and then just turn them over. And honestly, they did used to dry out, but it did take quite a long time. I'm just having a quick look out the window. I think I've mentioned to you before, we have a lovely neighbor. He's an older man and he lives just over the way. He is out every single day, including Christmas Day. He is honestly in his garden and he keeps the most amazing roses. If you are local, you will know who I mean. And he just loves his roses. He doesn't know. He's looking at them now, holding them in his hand and just looking at them. He doesn't know that I appreciate that from where I am. That brings me so much joy that he's in his garden just going around his roses and checking on them. Fingers crossed one day I may be able to do that, too. This property that we're looking at does have roses. It does have some bright pink ones. They're quite large. It's got some beautiful cream roses. I don't know the names of all of them. This will be a whole new topic. Fingers crossed if the stars align. Um my sister came with me to do the plant inventory and she was telling me about how we can take cutings from the roses because these ones are quite overgrown. We may need to lift up what's currently there. Take cutting so we've still got the original roses and then replant them. I'm just so excited that of the possibility, but I must remain must remain realistic. Must remain realistic. I love how the oranges are all different colors. You've got some really vibrant oranges. Like this one here is quite vibrant. The one next to it, for example, sort of more dull in tone. Now, I know I said to you I was going to do all of these oranges, but have you ever had that feeling where you just need to have orange juice? I'm going to have to do this. Well, we got three lots in the oven. I've also got the ends of some of the oranges. These are not going to waste. I am going to squeeze them into a glass and then have a nice drink of very fresh orange. And there are a few more just down here that there's no room in the oven for them at the moment. So, I'm going to leave that for now. I'm going to go and grab all the charity shop bits and we can have a look and see what I've picked up today. Wow, that sun outside. Just glorious. Just glorious. You may have noticed that I popped two LED candles. I think these are really effective. Yes, I love real candles. I've got some real ones going here. But I am quite particular with a uh flame. I worry about the decor and that places will go black because I've had that before. But I always think these ones are quite effective. I don't know how they'll show up on the screen, but I managed to find two. I've just popped those into my seasonal display and I found everything to share with you. So, I think I mentioned that when we move, when we move, fingers crossed, if the stars align, help us moms. If we move, then the theme will be autumn. And autumn just lends itself so nicely to everything really. You know, we're very seasonal people. I love being outside in nature. When we went to look at this property, it came alive because of the colors around it. There's trees around. I just think autumn lends itself so nicely to where we could be going. Almost like the colors of this jumper. And actually, this is one of the first things that I want to talk to you about, but there are also bits and pieces that I've picked up today. Now that I said the autumn is a theme, I think when you see what I've picked up, you'll get more of an understanding of the colors that we like. So you know already these sorts of colors of the cups, the mustard tones, the forest green tones, coffee cups that we had earlier on as well. There's another one. They were all of these, you know, really earthy earthy tones. You may have noticed that I put my glasses on. It's because I need to read how much things were. Otherwise, I'll have no idea. So charity shop things. I'm going to start with this jumper. I love love love this jumper. I found it in a charity shop. It is 100% pure wool. Lots of you will know if you've caught up with which vlog was it? Was it on my catchup blog? My almost first recent one. I did a whole section on my pure wool jumpers and I paid £12.99 and it is in such good condition. I've washed it. It's dried. I dried it flat. So, I washed it in the bath on cool. I've dried it flat. It is pure wool. Absolutely beautiful. It does have a fault. You probably haven't even noticed, but I did have to repair just down here. I don't know if you can see. I did have to repair just this area. One thing I do want to learn is how to repair pure wool to keep it in the V of the knit. And I'm not that talented. And also, you will need all the different colors of wool. I've stitched it and I don't think it's noticeable because of the prints, but I know it's there. So, I paid $12.99 for this. St. Michael. I love it. I love it so much. I love the sleeves. Look, the sleeves are so long that even I have to turn them up. They really do cover my hands. I feel so at home and cozy in this jumper. So, that's my first charity shop find. And then the other things are these colors. This is almost the color scheme that we would go for, I think. I mean, GB does say he wants color, but there is color here. There's greens and there's rusts, rusty reds. We'll have like mustard yellows, these. Anyway, let's have a look and see what else I picked up. I have picked up this huge What are these called? Are these the milk urns? My mom used to have one and actually my sister's got it now. She puts all her utensils in. I have wanted one of these for such a long time. When I saw this in the charity shop for £10, I just had to get it. It's definitely the theme of autumn and I'll either use it as a vase now. That would look really nice actually. That would look really nice maybe with some conifer from outside. and then, you know, just popped in somewhere like there. Maybe I'll have to go out and get some conifer. That would look really nice in there. When I saw it, though, I just had to get it. And that was £10. And I'm I'm absolutely delighted with it. I mean, it looks like it's made. It looks like it's made for our style. I love it. Love, love, love. Then in in here are two more home wear pieces again of the color theme of autumn. Let's have a look. They wrapped them up in wrapping in newspaper. So from memory I think it may have a lid. It does have a lid. Yes. So again, it's quite similar to I want to say that is a milk a milk. Do correct me if I'm wrong, but this is a smaller one. It does have a lid as well. This was £3. I mean, what an absolute bargain. So, again, I will probably use this for maybe in the pantry cupboard with utensils in or out on the side. But it's just so autumn themed. If I just pop it there for now. It just goes. It goes with the home style that we already have. You know, we're not planning to start everything new when we go. We will be taking our style with us. And then that leaves this is probably my most favorite item actually that I've picked up under home wear. Uh oh. I can hear GB coming along and I don't know what he's going to think to this. Hello. Stop just there. I've just sharing some Oh, you want a coffee? You can have one soon. I'll just You can have one, darling. I will make you one. I was just saying about our theme. Fingers crossed if we move being autumn tones >> and poor in here. I was just saying funny enough that you're there. >> Is that a cake? >> No. No, it's not a cake. No, it's not a cake. I was just saying that I think Well, I'm not sure what you will think about this. I love it. So, really, it doesn't matter what you think. This is my most favorite item that I've picked up and it's autumn again, autumn theme. And it's this stone wear pot. You should see GB's face. No, I love it. Look. I mean, it would go here so well anyway in this home and >> what all the time? >> No, no, no, no, no, no, no. But you imagine coming home from work and there's a fish pie in here waiting for >> Is there a fish pie in there? >> No, but you imagine or an apple crumble. This is >> I just want an air fryer. >> I know. >> You can't have that. I can't have the air fryer. Yeah, I have a bit of an issue with the air fryer because we don't really have anywhere to put it. >> Is that because you've got all you've got all your tip out? >> Yeah, but this is seasonal. This is seasonal. There's nowhere really for to go, which makes me sound like an absolutely awful wife. But when we move, if we move, there is definitely space because I've measured it up. There's one in a cupboard that can be closed. He's he's shaking his head. >> I want to see it out. It's not really the vibes of that new place though, is it? By the way, um we have had a phone call. So, I was on the phone for about 40 45 minutes and now we've got two. Ideally, stop ruining my video with banana skins. Um so, ideally, we need another one. We've got the structure engineer going in, but that's not been confirmed. He's had the home buyers report. And then FA has sent a few more video messages for Damp. So, we do need to spend some time together. I know. I will do a coffee. Let's just I just want to share this stuff then I'll bring you one in. Are you playing football tonight? Yeah, I will swim as well. >> Okay. All right. Well, I will I'll bring you a drink and I'll be really quiet. So, yeah. What do you >> No. So you I don't want to break it, but you put your crumble or your >> It could be. Anyway, guess how much it was? >> No, it wasn't 75. >> No, it wasn't £150. >> Pay2 was £25. >> You got a new one for that? >> No, it wasn't really. It was only four. Do you do that as well? You know, you say you say it was much more. I would have paid £25 for this though. I'm just going to bring it up close because this goes with that theme that I was saying about being autumn now. I love it. I just think it I just love it. I know I say I love everything. >> Two hands on it. >> Yeah, I know. I know. Two hands. Um I know I say I love everything, but that's because I actually do. Right. Let's put that down. You you need a coffee and then we can look at some more decks. >> Decaf. Yeah. Mhm. That's one coffee done. Right. He's got his coffee. So, let's carry on with other bits and pieces. Last year, if you've watched the Christmas series from last year, you will know that I'm quite scandy in style over Christmas. I love to bring the outside in. I like to create a garland in the kitchen. So, it goes all the way along this back wall and then it goes all along the side wall. And actually, it does do the very end. So, basically, it goes all the way around the kitchen. I put twinkly lights on. This year, I'm thinking about using the oranges as well. Hopefully, they turn out okay. So, we will have the I'm just trying to think about this as I'm talking to you because I've got the idea in my head. I love thinking of new ideas and you will have seen me create the garland on the Christmas vlogs. This year, I'm hoping to add in some oranges. And then as our advent calendar this year, I would like to have a basket of decorations and ribbon that match the color scheme. Again, autumn because I mean it is it really is our color scheme here as well. And particularly over Christmas, we like golds, like forest, dark green, blacks, metals, rusty colors, and I would like a basket of decorations with ribbon that have all been sustainably sourced, so they are secondhand from a charity shop. And then the basket will be in the kitchen with the ribbon. I can't decide if I need to do the ribbon first or as we're going. And every day a new decoration will come out of the basket and we will hang it somewhere in the kitchen. So over the course of the month, the kitchen decor becomes more and more. And because this is a small cozy kitchen, I was thinking it would probably take, you know, I could even do it just on this wall and have it'd be 24 if I'm going to do Christmas Day as well. I probably would do Christmas Day with a maybe a special one in the middle. But maybe along that back wall, maybe you'll be able to see them as well because I often use that as my shot. But I've picked up a few that we could use as part of our advent calendar. And I've also picked up the basket, which you know when I say I always think if it's meant to be, it's meant to be. I saw a really beautiful basket today. I'll show you that first. And this is where I'm thinking I'm going to store the decorations. I love this basket because it's a great size. I like that it's got hints of green, hints of red in there. Almost like holly in a way. Are they fish? Maybe they're fish, are they? Or just an abstract print. But I want to be sustainable. I don't want to spend loads of money. It's in really good condition. I mean, I have a thing about baskets anyway. But I paid £150 for this. This will store the decorations really well because I don't need a huge basket. There's not going to be loads. We normally have a mini Christmas tree here. So, you know, the basket will be around and every day we can use a decoration. I just I love that idea. I'm not using anything that's plastic. I'm not using anything that's unhealthy. I'm just reusing decorations that I've picked up on trips and, you know, secondhand as well. So, it's an eco-friendly advent calendar. Shall we have a look and see the decorations that I've picked up that will go towards the 25 decorations that we need to create this calendar? I picked up two stars of 50 each. They're made of metal, cream, and gold. If I pick this up, put the basket there. Let's just put the decorations in here for now. What else did I collect today? Oh, this one's so beautiful. A little acorn. I had to pick this up, particularly because the theme would be autumn. Is it a sign? This one was 50. I love the little metal topper. That would look really lovely in the kitchen. a forest green star with little gold stars on. This one was 50p. And I also picked up this little heart. This one was one pound. I love how antique it looks. It's gorgeous. I think I may have something similar from last year, actually. So, I can already see what this basket is going to look like. I will have to be really careful with the bbles and decorations that I select because I don't want just random things. I want them to be decorations that all match and go together. And because I had this idea in my head, I did have a look on Amazon for some ribbon and I managed to pick some up. I haven't had a look at that ribbon yet. So, let's do that now. So, I picked up two boxes of velvet ribbon. I open it up. Okay. Wow. Yes, that's right. I ordered them on a wooden reel. Oh, lovely. Oh, yes. Lovely. I'll show you these in a second. So, wow. My ideas are, you know, really merging now. They're lovely. I'm really happy with those. So, these are the colors of the first box. Hopefully, you can see slightly different shades of green. Do you know, I think this would work really well once I've got the decorations in if we keep the ribbon in the basket as well with a lovely pair of scissors. And then every day, we can decide on the length of the decoration. So, as long as the ribbon and the decorations match, like there is a red one on I think it's Yeah, there's a red piece on this decoration. Well, that will have to go because I actually don't have red at all. I don't think I own anything. Maybe something that I would wear. I have a lovely red Christmas dress, but not something in the home. So, that red would need to go because it doesn't match my color scheme. They are gorgeous. And then I've also picked up again from Amazon. I'll leave a link um in my description box in case you like these ribbons. They look just the right size to thread through the decorations. Oh wow. I'm so happy with these. I am wondering, do I need to order some more? That's the only thing. So very very autumn themed. We've got the silver and then almost a minky gold and then a tan color. They're going to be perfect, I think, from the idea that I've got. And then I do have some decorations that I've picked up previous years. I'm just going to find those and put a few in there just for the color scheme. I want to give you a bit more of an idea of what I'm going to do and also to sort of clarify it in my own mind as well. So, you can see here the color schemes that I'm thinking of, the greens, the rusty color, silver, brown, and then we've got a few decorations that I've picked up today. And then my own decorations that I have already. Got another star there. So, it does look like stars are going to be part of the theme. I'll try and bring that up so you can really see. I am so excited about Advent this year. Really, really, really, I'm really happy with that. Let me just have a very quick count up just to know how many more decorations I need to find and source before the 1st of December. We've got two, four, six, eight, nine. Nine. Okay. 9 10 11 12 13 14 Oh, getting dark. That's incredible, isn't it? What time is it? It's 10 to 4. I think we've probably got half an hour and it will be dark. That is right. Yes, about half an hour. I did pick up something else that I really wanted to share with you from the charity shops. I couldn't leave these in the shop. I did have to ask how much they were because I couldn't find the price on them. Two metal little birds. Aren't they just gorgeous? Now, I think they're robbins. I want to say they're robbins. I was drawn to them because of my mom and GB's mom and I loved them. Anyway, when I asked how much they were, the price actually here. Couldn't believe how much I paid. I don't know if that picks up on the screen, but it says 1 pound50. And basically at 1 pound50, I just had to have them. So, there's one little robin. Put you down there. I'm sure they are robbins. And another little robin there. They will be placed properly when I do the Christmas tree decorations. I'm going to very quickly run outside. You know when you've got something in your mind? I'm going to run outside and grab some conifer for the twoes because I just feel that I need to do that. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. Wow. These are hot, but they smell very good. These are going to look great in the kitchen. Well, this is my idea anyway. I think having the oranges all the way around and then the advent along that back wall. I mean, I don't actually know if it's going to work, but you don't know until you try these things. I managed to pick up some greenery bits. Did get chatting to a neighbor, as you do, talking about the move and all sorts of bits and pieces. is day-to-day life. And since I've got back in, it's really getting dark. So, I think we need to pop on some warm lighting. That light on. When you go to a charity shop, you just don't know what you're going to find, do you? it's such an easy thing to do is just see what is on the hedges outside or in the garden and bring it in because you don't need to spend a lot of money on flowers. Greenery is just as nice. It's amazing how it just makes a vase look so lovely. Let's put that one in there. And then I did pick up some conifer as very very quick and simple, but I have to say I just couldn't not do it. I couldn't not do it. It was on my mind as soon as I put those vasees along the seasonal bench that I just had find something to put in them. bars number one. Just put that one over And then the larger vase. Oh, it's quite heavy. Vase number two. Not sure how much you can see of the vase. pop it in. But I was just thinking that these lights would look lovely in the kitchen strung up. So I know I've got a hook there. I tend to have a hook over in the window. Then a third one. And I think these would look really, really pretty for the interim between now and Christmas. What do you think? I will have a go at putting these up. Maybe maybe tonight after the gym or tomorrow and I'll let you know on our next vlog about how I did it. It just gives, you know, a little bit of November sparkle before we move into the Christmas season. Talking about the Christmas season, I have just created an intro to the Christmas series that will be coming on my YouTube channel. Let's change these. I think they've gone into some sort of crazy mode. That's better. They're on still now. I'm still going to say it's going to be ad hoc. I love Christmas as many of us do. It's a time that I really enjoy vlogging and it's also a time that things do calm down a bit with family fun phonics. We like to finish earlier during December purely because children have nativity plays and Christmas concerts, carol singing and just Christmas events to go to. So I like to say to the families, we'll finish early, you know, have a lovely Christmas and then I'll see you back in January. The children do have Christmas family funic sessions, but to I'd say maybe second week of December, which may leave me some more time to vlog because I just love this time of year. And I've created an intro video that I thought you may like a sneaky peek at. I've created this video using clips from last Christmas and I'm hoping that the intro will give a bit of an idea about what to expect for the season ahead. I would love love love your opinions. I've tried to show the things that we will be getting up to over the end of November and into December. I've tried to also think about the music and the vibe that I have for that time of year. So, I'm going to say goodbye for now. I'll leave you with the intro for the season ahead. I would love to know your thoughts. Please do let me know what you think. If you haven't already and you want to follow along this journey, I mean, we don't know what this journey is going to look like with moving. If you'd like to see more of this type of seasonal, slow living, possible move in, possible renovations type of content, please click the subscribe button. You can also head over to Instagram for more day-to-day content of recipes and just things that I like on a day-to-day basis. I tend to upload something to my stories most days. So, you feel free to come and join the community. I'll say goodbye and I'll leave you with the intro for the Christmas season ahead. Bye for now. How do we do this?

  Top Comments:
  1. @seasonal-stories [7 likes]: Thank you so much for watching today’s cosy Christmas vlog in our Old English Market town of Hitchin. Expect lots of coffee, Christmas windows, thrifting finds and early Christmas preparations.  There is moving updates too.

Hope all is well with you in your corner of the world? Cher x
  2. @rachelgilmer4519 [2 likes]: Now the kitchen looks normal….now the coffee bar is back in situ. Phew! 😊
  3. @jillmatthews5197 [1 likes]: Loved this  thankyou  for sharing ❤️
  4. @joseerollet8071 [1 likes]: The stone jar you bought were used as preserving jars for all kinds of produce like salted beans, mincemeat etc, they would have had a waxed paper covering,tied down on the rim with string....
  5. @samward6810 [1 likes]: I have never commented on YouTube before, find a  cost for everything and go back and negotiate the price down, I use to work as an estate agent and it normal to negotiate the price after the report comes in.
  6. @jules8907 [1 likes]: So lovely to catch up with you.I adore your kitchen,it's so cosy.Look forward to the christmas season and seeing what you do in your dream house,X
  7. @lucywheatley3663 [1 likes]: So excited for your Christmas content. It’s just perfect t this time of year ❤
  8. @mouseinparis [1 likes]: Cher, your Christmas season preview is perfection! It definitely encompasses everything Christmas represents for me! I watched it several times in a row because I found it so touching and exciting… I can’t wait for this festive season, the Christmas season decorating, cooking etc… are a very big deal for me so thank you for bringing us along with you! Xxx
  9. @mozit8063 [1 likes]: Hi Cheryl, love love your style. I too will be picking greenery from hedges, conifer etc. Looking at your intro , last year I did your conifer garland in my kitchen ,it lasted right through to New Year. I love the idea of the basket with decorations and ribbon. Think I will order the green velvet ones. I adore Autumn colours too. Look forward to your coming vlogs and I hope your dream becomes true for you both. xx
  10. @MagicGarden-22 [1 likes]: I always find so many creative ideas here! Definitely giving me some inspiration for my own vlogs. Keep up the amazing work!
  11. @elenanutricoach [1 likes]: Hi Cher, nice to see you again..
First things first...We are living in a soon 105 years old house and still has many "flags"... The location is perfect, the garden is huge and great, lot of charm, beautiful fire place....but...is it worth it? Well, sometimes we forget about those flags until something hit us hard in the pocket and our mood (a good amount of money has been already spent). Anything that this old house needs, always cost more than we can imagine. 

We have had a lot of cosy and nice moments, but we won't live here the next 25 years, for now, we will do our best and let's see what we will do in the future.

This being said, all problems can be fixed with money, there are companies that can do everything from roofs to plumbing from structural to windows...Are they more expensive? No idea. Make a budget to limit how much money you can use and get estimates from professionals.

More that feelings, use figures, numbers and a calculator, so there are no ugly surprises. That's my advice Cher.. If you both have a solid plan, go ahead. But be patient, it will take time and don't let the stress ruin your smile or your relation with GB. Just be a team.

Aesthetic changes can be done in a jiff, painting a wall is not so difficult, Ikea has affordable and nice kitchens and bathrooms, some flowers here and there make anyplace beautiful....so we all can handle some things ourselves!


Wish you the best!! Hope to hear from you soon 🤗🤗!!
  12. @KateMacdougall-l9o [1 likes]: Hi Cher. So lovely again. A real tonic. Hoping all goes well for you with the move. X
  13. @shelleycorcoran9514 [1 likes]: So excited for Cher’s Christmas Diaries ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @louisebunderoo2931 [1 likes]: Hi Cher, I feel for you about the house. I always say I won't move house again until I forget how traumatic it was last time! We had a similar survey, loads of reds - roof, electrical, structural. As soon as our lender saw the words "non-standard construction" they went into a spin, I can tell you! Which is why some 15 years later some of our temporary decor is still here, make-do choices are still making do and we're saving away for new ceilings, windows and pretty things! All the best with whatever you decide, and thanks as ever for your honesty.

In terms of coffee, I'm usually a tea at home, coffee when I'm out person, but for home coffee making we have a stovetop pot, and it's great.

I can't tell you how much I laughed out loud with the "lovely bunch of coconuts" comment.
  15. @rachelgilmer4519 [1 likes]: And my last post for today…..love the intro video, simply can’t wait for Christmas X
  16. @PaulaShoaf [1 likes]: Hi Cher~~ aww the village was so charming..I still dream of visiting UK during Christmas season. I love coffee way too much! I have a slow drip coffee maker  like you said the kcups or pods are just to expensive, your Christmas blend sounds wonderful! I am hoping for you and GB to be new caretakers of a home that needs some love.  I must say  you look very pretty and your new hair style looks amazing. Take care friend ~Paula
  17. @rachelgilmer4519 [1 likes]: Had a chuckle about “Noah”! John is always asking me who Noah is!
  18. @heidieverdell9095: Ahh cher, i hope the house works out for you. You will come to the right decision for you both and now you have thought about moving you may be open to others if it doesnt work out. X
  19. @shelleycorcoran9514: Cher, I loved all your seasonal thrifted pieces. Ignore GB’s thumbs down! 😂❤
  20. @janebrider7388: Just found your channel. In a similar position in as much as we’ve found our dream home.  Our buyers buyers have had problems with sale of one of two properties.  It was all sorted a month ago when there was a moving deadline of week before Christmas, everyone agreed only for the one that wanted the deadline to change their mind and buy somewhere else.  As hard as it is trying to stay positive, our accepted offer is still in place for now so forever hopeful.  It’s out of  our hands.  If it’s meant to be, it’ll be.

- Moving to Canada in 2026: Dream Life or Costly Mistake? 😳 🇨🇦: Kind: captions Language: en Is it really worth moving to Canada in 2026?&nbsp; With rising costs, new immigration limits,&nbsp;&nbsp; and political shifts — is the&nbsp; dream of Canada still alive,&nbsp;&nbsp; or are we walking straight&nbsp; into a cold, expensive reality? Stay with me, because in this video, I'll&nbsp; break down what's really happening in Canada's&nbsp;&nbsp; immigration system: what's changing in 2026,&nbsp; which jobs are still highly in demand, how much&nbsp;&nbsp; it actually costs to live here, and finally, I'll&nbsp; tell you whether I think it's worth moving or not. Hi everyone! My name is Shivani, and I'm a&nbsp; licensed immigration consultant from Waterloo,&nbsp;&nbsp; Ontario. I'm also the founder of&nbsp; Zeste Immigration Services Inc. This channel is all about Canadian&nbsp; immigration-related updates — the programs,&nbsp;&nbsp; the eligibility criteria, and so on. So, if&nbsp; you're interested in any of these topics,&nbsp;&nbsp; then make sure that you subscribe to this&nbsp; channel if you haven’t done it already,&nbsp;&nbsp; and also hit the bell icon so that you get&nbsp; notified every single time I post a new video. 🎵 [Music] 🎵 Now, let's start with the truth&nbsp; — Canada is changing fast. In 2025, the Canadian government confirmed&nbsp; something huge: they’re slowing down immigration&nbsp;&nbsp; for the first time in years. They’re reducing&nbsp; PR targets to about 395,000 new PRs in 2025,&nbsp;&nbsp; 380,000 in 2026, and even fewer in 2027. That’s a&nbsp; clear signal — Canada wants quality, not quantity. And for international students,&nbsp; there’s a big change: there’s now&nbsp;&nbsp; a cap on study permits because housing&nbsp; and infrastructure are stretched thin. Even Prime Minister Lena Metlege Diab&nbsp; recently said immigration levels had become&nbsp;&nbsp; unsustainable. Translation: Canada still wants&nbsp; newcomers, but it's being pickier than ever. So, the open-door image? It’s slowly turning into&nbsp;&nbsp; managed access. And that’s why, if&nbsp; you’re planning to move in 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; you need to understand these new rules before&nbsp; you spend a single dollar on applications. Now, let’s talk about politics — because&nbsp; this directly affects immigration. Recent polls show over 60% of Canadians think&nbsp; immigration levels are too high. That’s the&nbsp;&nbsp; first time in over two decades&nbsp; this number has crossed 50%. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; the government is reacting — balancing&nbsp; population growth with public pressure.&nbsp;&nbsp; We’re seeing more laws, more&nbsp; controls, and tighter screening. But here’s the catch — Canada’s economy&nbsp; still depends on immigrants. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; while the entry gates are narrowing,&nbsp; the demand inside remains huge. That&nbsp;&nbsp; means if you have the right skills, your&nbsp; chances are actually better than ever. Keep watching — I’ll show you exactly&nbsp; which fields are in hot demand for 2026. Now let’s talk about real life here. You might be watching from India,&nbsp; Nigeria, Pakistan, the Philippines,&nbsp;&nbsp; maybe somewhere in South Africa&nbsp; or Latin America, and thinking:&nbsp;&nbsp; should I leave my home country&nbsp; and start from zero in Canada? Let’s break it down — pros&nbsp; and cons, no sugar-coating. Pros Higher income and job stability: Even&nbsp; entry-level wages beat most developing countries. Safety, law, and order: No serious&nbsp; political chaos or corruption headaches. Free (though slow) healthcare, quality&nbsp; education, and a social safety net. Clean environment, infrastructure,&nbsp; freedom, rights, and a clear pathway&nbsp;&nbsp; to PR and citizenship — something many&nbsp; countries simply don’t offer anymore. Cons High cost of living: Rent starting from $1,500&nbsp;&nbsp; to $2,500 for a one-bedroom. Groceries,&nbsp; heating, and taxes — everything adds up. Housing shortage: Finding a&nbsp; decent place can take months. Skill recognition problems:&nbsp;&nbsp; You might be a qualified engineer back home&nbsp; but end up driving Uber in the beginning. Harsh winters: Not a small&nbsp; deal if you’ve never seen snow. Taxes and delays: You’ll pay more&nbsp; and wait longer for services. So yes, the dream is real&nbsp; — but so is the struggle. If you’re still with me, you clearly&nbsp; care about making the right decision. So,&nbsp;&nbsp; let’s see which immigrants&nbsp; Canada actually wants in 2026. Woo! Finally, here’s some good news. Canada is not closing its doors entirely&nbsp; — it’s just targeting specific skill gaps.&nbsp;&nbsp; According to IRCC’s latest projections, these&nbsp; are the hottest immigration fields for 2026: Healthcare: Nurses, doctors, and support workers. Skilled trades: Plumbers, electricians,&nbsp; welders, construction workers. Tech and IT: Software engineers, data&nbsp; analysts, cybersecurity experts, etc. Engineering and technical services. Agriculture, logistics, and food processing. Early childhood educators and teachers. These are just some examples — you&nbsp; can look at the details online on&nbsp;&nbsp; their official website for more information. And guess what? Canada’s new immigration&nbsp; draws are giving priority to applicants&nbsp;&nbsp; already working or studying in Canada. So,&nbsp; if you can enter through a study permit,&nbsp;&nbsp; work permit, or Francophone&nbsp; mobility, your odds are stronger. And yes, how can we forget French? If you’re&nbsp; a French speaker, or if you learn French,&nbsp;&nbsp; you can easily immigrate to Canada because Canada&nbsp;&nbsp; wants French speakers — and they&nbsp; have direct PR pathways for them. Now, let’s talk money, because this&nbsp; is where most people get shocked. If you’re moving as a single person,&nbsp; here’s what you’ll face monthly: Rent: approximately $1,500 to&nbsp; $2,500 (and that’s not luxury). Utilities and internet: $200 to $400. Groceries: $400 to $800. Transportation: $150 to $300. Add taxes, phone, and insurance, and you’re&nbsp; easily spending $3,000 to $4,000 a month. Are you a family of two, three, or&nbsp; four people? Well, double or even&nbsp;&nbsp; quadruple that. And remember — your first&nbsp; job might pay just enough to cover expenses. That’s why I always say: have at least 6 to 12&nbsp; months of savings before you land in this country. So before applying, plan your finances carefully. And if you want me to make a&nbsp; full “Cost of Living in Canada&nbsp;&nbsp; 2026” breakdown video, comment COST 2026 below. So, is it still worth it&nbsp; to move to Canada in 2026? Here’s my honest answer —&nbsp; Yes, but not for everyone. If you’re skilled, adaptable, and&nbsp; financially prepared, Canada can&nbsp;&nbsp; still change your life. You’ll get stability,&nbsp; safety, opportunity, and a future for your kids. But if you’re expecting overnight success, instant&nbsp; PR, or easy housing — you’ll be disappointed. Canada is still a land of opportunities,&nbsp;&nbsp; but in 2026, it’s becoming a land of strategic&nbsp; opportunities for those who plan it right. So, what do you think? Is moving to Canada still&nbsp; worth it? Drop your thoughts in the comments.&nbsp;&nbsp; Tell me your country, your profession,&nbsp; and I’ll reply with your chances in 2026. If you found this video helpful, hit that&nbsp; like button and subscribe to this channel.&nbsp;&nbsp; Share this video with someone who’s planning&nbsp; to move to Canada next year — because in 2026,&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge is power, and that&nbsp; power starts right here. I’m Shivani, your RCIC and host&nbsp; on this channel. Keep watching,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I’ll see you guys next time in the next video. Until then — take care. Bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @zeste.canadaimmigration [6 likes]: In 2026, the average cost of living in Canada for a single person is roughly CAD $3,000–4,000 per month, or about CAD $36,000–48,000 annually. Major metropolitan areas like Toronto and Vancouver tend to be on the higher end, with one-bedroom rentals alone often between $2,500–2,800 monthly, plus expenses for food, utilities, and transportation. Smaller cities and towns are generally more affordable, especially outside the downtown cores.

These numbers are only general estimates and can vary widely depending on personal lifestyle, housing choices, and regional differences. Factors such as inflation, government policies, and local market conditions also influence costs, so it’s best viewed as an average range rather than a fixed figure.
  2. @renaedouglas9672 [1 likes]: Cost Canada 2026
  3. @MakhinakhonInomdzhanova [1 likes]: Hello from Russia Shivani Joshi Trivedi 💚
Family of 5 writing to you))
Mother: An English Teacher Master Degree.
Farther: Plumber/ Construction worker.
Kids: American citizens.
Any chance ? Shall we move to Canada 🍁 from Russia ☺️
Need a consultation with YOU only.
Thank you in advance 💫
  4. @Theartofrelaxation.: Do I have a chance as a graphic designer?
  5. @JenniferJoseph-kp6ux: What about banking and finance
  6. @satisfying11ai: Hey , I am class 12th students and I have completed my boards , and I want to go to canada in 2027 in feild of ai engineer , and I have choosen universities also in countryside area , should go to canada?
  7. @abhinashpanda5: Cost
  8. @vavashapov8413: I have a PhD in Public Health, and I speak both English and French fluently. I got an offer as a postdoc in Montreal. I am considering moving to Canada, but I am not sure if it is a good idea. What do you think?
  9. @thameempharmacist: Am pharmacist how's d scope if I come as student to canada . Plz advise
  10. @RaamNanii: How about pharmaceutical industry
  11. @dansoemmanuel5272: It is advisable to move from Europe to Canada
  12. @sriniblore: India, IT please suggest for 2026
  13. @abhishektupere5445: How is job scenario for hospitality sector?
Oh and please make a video on cost in Canada in 2026
  14. @shivangijoshi5828: I have a Canadian PR card, I moved back to India along with my husband (PR) and our son ( a citizen of Canada) 2 years back. Now we are planning to travel back to Canada this year . What should we do?
  15. @Tendo.D: Nigeria, Dentist
  16. @ImranSaifi: Cost 2026
  17. @GodwillReigns: COST 2026
  18. @ak-np2od: COST 2026
  19. @mcgee3manis: US and desperately want out. I'm a parent CNA & a dental assistant.
  20. @anjalidayal4137: Nurse in India

- Seasonal Work Will Change Your Life: Kind: captions Language: en what's up what's up what's going on everybody it's chelsea and i am back with a video today talking to you about seasonal work now i wanted to do this video because i just started a job as a housekeeper at a resort in tucson and when i started this job last week i had this feeling this gut feeling that there wasn't a lot of people maybe at this job that knew about it's not a seasonal job it's just a regular 9-5 job so i kept getting getting this feeling like you should talk to some people there about seasonal work already before i even started so today i had a conversation with someone that works there and i kind of asked i was like hey you know have you ever heard of seasonal work because he asked me how my day was going i said uh it's okay you know it's housekeeping and he said uh well just stick with it you know hang in there this is a good place to work and i said well i'm not really gonna be here that long honestly the amount of confusion that i see on people's faces is always surprising to me when i tell them they just don't they don't get it so he's like what do you mean i was like well i'm only going to be here for a couple months because i travel i'm consider myself a nomad especially now because i've been traveling around for so long i kind of work at places temporarily and i move around and i said you know like seasonal work i've done a lot of seasonal jobs that's one way that i can travel around and he the more that i explained about what the past four years of my life have been like the bigger his eyes got and the more lit up i could just see his face light up when i was talking about this and i told him i said you know you don't have to have to have a lot of money to do seasonal work you don't have to really have much money at all um you know i would definitely advise that was a bug uh would definitely advise to have some money but you don't have to be you know rich so we were talking about this and um he had never heard of it and i could kind of tell that he was like stuck i said hey how long have you been at this job he said two years and i said okay two years that's a long time he said yeah i said have you ever wanted to travel have you ever wanted to leave this place and go somewhere else he said yeah that's the dream and i could just tell in his face that it was something that was just so far in the distance from him that it was just so kind of like out of his reach you know when i was talking to him about i said something that triggered him in like a really good way i said you know seasonal jobs give you housing right and he was like really i said yes they give you housing like percent of the jobs on cool works give you your housing now i have seen it sometimes i've seen free housing i've seen the advertisement for free housing and in fact if you are interested in seasonal work and you want to see if there are any free housing options out there for this summer coming up i would go to coolworks.com who is not a sponsor of this video by the way it's just a wonderful website um i love cool works i love going to cool works for seasonal jobs because of the fact that the search what you can type in in the search bar you can search anything you can literally type free housing and it will pick up on those keywords from all the listings posted you can see if they have an option for free housing some of these seasonal jobs they are hurting so bad for workers i just realized i'm showing my tattoo don't pay any attention to that [Music] i usually try to like look very uh professional on here uh who am i kidding but uh yeah i didn't realize that i kind of had that out in the open anyways i don't care whatever so yes um so the housing piece the um some places do have free housing now when i worked at a job in at rosario resort in east sound washington for a seasonal job last summer they were doing a thing where every all the money that you paid into your housing i think it was 400 a month everything that you paid into your housing that was taking out taken out of your paycheck if you stayed until you know the end of the season they gave you all that money back in one big check so i think a lot of seasonal jobs um i think definitely some seasonal jobs are doing that and that's the second place i've worked where they do that for you i think they're doing that because they're just hurting for people so bad so anyways back to the story so i was talking to uh i was talking to him about and i could just tell he like freedom like i could tell he was thinking like i could i could actually do this like i could actually make this happen because i can tell and for me too the housing part is so it's the most expensive piece of traveling it really is like right now where i'm staying i have not paid any rent zero rent how long at least five months so i have paid zero rent in five months how i did that is i found out about something called house sitting and i'm promise i will do a video on this very soon uh maybe next week because i it's something that i feel everybody should know about there are hundreds and hundreds of house-sitting jobs all over the country all over the world there are hundreds of countries that participate in the house sitting so i'm telling you it's uh it's something that i'm gonna elaborate a lot on in another video but the housing piece was always something that was tripping me up once i found out about seasonal work i really felt i started feeling real freedom for the first time in my life yes they do take a percentage of your paycheck out of your housing i just started feeling like i had a lot more freedom and that i was more in control of my life and knowing that i could do a season um you know in washington and if i wanted to i could move to montana for three months or four months the seasonal jobs they all run for anywhere from two months all the way up to there are places that will hire you year round a lot of these places will give you food they have an employee dining room um where they have your meals for you there and they just take a small portion out of your check if that's something that you want a lot of these jobs you do not need transportation that is the that is the other thing i did not have a vehicle for two that's four two years okay when i started seasonal work did not have a vehicle and i had no issues getting around getting what i needed and doing stuff a lot of these places you can okay so for instance i didn't have a vehicle and i was living at this seasonal job in colorado a lot of people they would just order it through amazon or something like that and they would just have the packages delivered to employee housing because they didn't have a walmart or anything like that within like like maybe an hour or more of where i was living so people without a car they would just order everything through amazon and it was super easy super simple anyways i told another person at my job about seasonal work this person was different they were younger they're about in their 20s early 20s the first person i talked to i don't want to judge but looks like i'm 31 so they look like they were in their later 30s something like that i don't know but um the younger kid in my mind i'm like the young people gotta know what season like for me if i knew about seasonal work when i was a kid or when i was 18 years old i think about that sometimes i'm just like and i know it's not good to like think about oh i wish this would have been different or wish that would have been different but i think like the things that i was doing when i was 18 years old i just graduated i moved to upstate new york uh with my family or to live with my dad and uh i just things if i knew about travel if i knew i could do seasonal work when i was 18 years old i just think how different my life would be right now i really do feel like it would be so different so young kid that i work with in the housekeeping department i told him i'm like you ever heard a housekeep you ever heard of a seasonal work he's like no what is that like high energy and i'm just like you know this is what it is and he's like what he's like something like that actually exists he's like i've never heard about that so he starts telling uh i guess he started telling some of his other co-workers because the next day i said oh forgot to give you the website the website is coolworks.com and he said yeah me uh me and uh or he said none of us have heard about cole works so i guess he was talking to different people and i was like old man like and i could see once again his whole face lit up when i started talking about this and i just knew that i was really on to something i the amount of people that don't know shout out to timothy ward love you man like timothy tim ward t-i-m-dash or space w-a-r-d go check out that man's channel he is um he's incredible he's one of the reasons why i started seasonal work i found out his i found a video of his talking about the ymca of estes park which happened to be only one hour away from me at the time i was in a very toxic relationship i was stuck i stayed in it because i could not afford an apartment and at the time and i felt i felt very stuck i was having panic attacks i was really depressed you know so when i saw video on seasonal work on his channel man i just felt this feeling that i had never felt before and it was like i can finally take back control of my life like i can actually do this and have my own life for myself apart from this i don't have to let anyone have control over what i do i don't have to uh be in situations that i don't want to be in and that's what i did i left they hired me on the spot and that's what most of these seasonal jobs will do well you'll have their your you will have an interview with these people and they will hire you in the phone interview literally um it might take them a couple days for you to uh for them to send you the paperwork but i mean they're on it because they they want you like i said uh people some people don't know about seasonal work a lot of people don't know about season work so they need people they really need people so if you apply and they hire you on um i mean they want you they want you right now they want to know when can you get here because they need they need people so i was so nervous the first time i did an interview with the ymca of estes park because i wanted it so bad i just i was obsessing about it i was like i need this so badly if i could just get this then i know everything would be okay and the lady was so nice her name's wendy her name was wendy she's you know uh doing something else now i guess but and she kind of like at the end of the interview she was like well she kind of like made a very dramatic pause before she told me i got the job and when she told me i got it i started freaking out i actually started tearing up and she's like i knew you would be so excited i'm like i am so happy actually like makes me uh emotional just thinking about that because it really was a huge turning point for me and at that point that is really when my travel i i had i had already at that point i had lived in hawaii i had moved out to colorado on my own um just packed my car one day and moved there uh didn't know anybody didn't know anybody when i moved to hawaii either that's a different story that is different story but um no seasonal work is really what started my travel adventures and my love for travel i i i grew up as a kid watching those movies with um whoever was driving an rv around with their family and i always thought why doesn't my family ever do something cool like that and i just thought it was the coolest thing it's like i would love to just see as much of the country as possible that's what i love and that's what i want to do and um none of my family our travelers you know i'm i was really the only one that wanted to venture off on my own and do something i you know i i prayed about it i thought about it i'm not a religious person but i am a spiritual person i do believe in the power of if you ask for something out loud and you declare it to be yours that the universe everything is conspiring to help you get that thing that you want i cannot say enough about seasonal work i really cannot um i know that there are things that i left out but i was so inspired to make this video because of the conversation that i had with my friend at work i i just i i need more people to know about this because if i would have known about this so much sooner if these people that i talked to today i can tell if they knew about this if they knew about seasonal work sooner they would have they would not be at this job right now you know they would be elsewhere they would be traveling they would be seeing something new you know and it's exciting too the energy i know this video is kind of dragging on uh the energy at these seasonal jobs is unmatched i mean the people that are coming there they're so friendly because these are people that are travelers these are people that are nomads they are used to making friends they are used to being put in these kinds of situations and they're so welcoming they really really are my first day i was sitting by myself we're in orientation and uh tate i will never i will never forget it tate um just comes over and sits down and he's like hey i'm tate what's your name and i was just like i'm super introverted so i was like chelsea i was like hey you know it's just weird when um yes i'm uh people say i'm shy i'm not shy i'm just kinda i'm just kind of uh introverted so he was so friendly and because of his um his warm welcome it completely uh opened opened me up to just have a wonderful day and to relax you know just be like oh like these people are cool and come to find out this guy lived in costa rica um he uh worked at a hostel in costa rica so he stayed there for a while but he was a traveler then he worked on a cruise ship for months i mean he was a a traveler travelers we're i'm telling you they're some of the nicest people you are you will ever meet so the energy at these seasonal jobs everybody is excited to be there they're excited to get out of their home town or whatever and they are just happy to be there and the energy is up the energy's good people are feeling good it's it's just fun it's fun i've i've made friends at seasonal jobs that i'll have for the rest of my life and people that i will never ever ever forget you definitely need some interesting characters for sure i don't know why that is but seasonal jobs just attract some interesting people and that's all i'm gonna say hey i love weirdos i'm a weirdo you know i'm totally weird so you know i i love people like that man but hey so yes i'm sure there's some stuff that i left out if you have any questions about seasonal work seasonal jobs i have only worked at the ymca of the rockies rosario resort in east sound washington big sky montana but other than that um if you have questions about those three places i can tell you everything you need to know if you have other questions any other questions in general please let me know let me know and i will help you out i i want this so bad for everyone because it has changed my life in incredible amazing ways and i know it can do the same for you if that's something that's in your heart and you know that traveling is something that you want to do i think you definitely need to go for it for sure i always say that you know we never know how much time we have left there's there's really no way to tell how much time we have and i think that's the reason why i'm traveling as much as i am apart from the fact that i just absolutely love it is because i have seen things and done things that if i died tomorrow i can look back and say i really feel like i lived a full life like i really lived i didn't just come here to work a nine-to-five job and slave away for somebody else's dream i came here i came to earth in this physical body as a spiritual being and i decided to take charge of my own life and really live it to the fullest in my in my own way the way that i wanted to do it not for anybody else for myself and i can say that and i want you to be able to say that so i'm going to wrap this up thank you so much for stopping by and checking out this video i want to help everybody get where they want to be with traveling with just living your best life so have a great day peace love all the positive energy have a wonderful day night what whatever it is wherever you are and i will see you in the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @TimothyWard [11 likes]: Great video Chelsea! Can't believe I'm just now finding your channel. I'm subbed and ready for the next videos. And thanks for the shoutout!
  2. @jacehupfer1338 [6 likes]: So glad I found this video! I’m 22 and have been in this mindset that I will be stuck in my hometown and never get to travel or explore like i’ve always wanted to. Just started putting in a bunch of applications!
  3. @Nessajess7 [2 likes]: Hey ☀️ 🌿 I've been applying on Coolworks. Hopefully I land something soon 🙏🏿. Just cried this morning regarding my situation. I need a big change and miss traveling and being one with mama nature. 
~Question... Are you still doing seasonal work?( I apologize if you answered this, I'm in the middle of watching the video lol) 🤙🏾🌿🌻
  4. @TheLaunchPadStudio [2 likes]: Right on! this video is going on my pumped up for travel playlist! Good job.  And will be looking forward to the house sitting video
  5. @rosstravels.official [2 likes]: Such a great video!! I literally wrote down in my phone this video idea haha and I'll give credit to you and Tim of course! Still can't believe we met over Tim in Big Sky! It's INSANE how many folks don't know about seasonal work and like you said, the faces people make is absolutely hilarious 😂. Thank you for making this video:)
  6. @TundraMue [1 likes]: Thank you Chelsea and yes big shoutout to TImothy Ward as well y'all are goats of Seasonal work. I really am trying to start seasonal work within a year because im 18 and always wanted to adventure but also be financially responsible and work hard. Also love the tattoo its sick
  7. @LifeUnbound [1 likes]: Thanks so much for sharing this! My partner and I would love to start applying for things at Coolworks- would you know if places are against hiring couples? Thanks for any insights!
  8. @asvnaih [1 likes]: Your video is so inspiring! I want to start doing seasonal work but I am nervous; because I think I am older I am 47 and now with my only kid in college I have ample time to live out new experiences. Do you think if it’s late for my age to start thinking in this direction? Thank you!!
  9. @roxygribbin7046 [1 likes]: Your tattoo is gorg tho i kept looking at it!
  10. @AliceCullen-n4b [1 likes]: Thanks for information, I'm considering doing something for the summer, im in Texas now any recommendations!
  11. @Vernonburkey [1 likes]: Hello i am from Jamaica interested in  seasonal jods
  12. @brookmaxner [1 likes]: Hey girl! I have an interview set up for Roche Harbor Resort next week and I’m super excited and nervous about a few things and was wondering if you could tell me more about your experience there! Did you have an in-room roommate? What was the housing like in general? Did you like your job there or recommend a good job that everyone liked there? I also really love driving and being able to have my car but wasn’t sure if that’s do-able there:/ 
I appreciate anything and everything you could tell me!!💞
  13. @NikkiOutsideVlog [1 likes]: this video is so helpful for my plans for finding a better job so that i can start traveling again thank you
  14. @BLASTIC0 [1 likes]: Im about to leave, from NJ. Went out on a trial run for a few months last year, made it out to Iowa.  Im goin to the southwest for the winter.
  15. @Moonbeamcat [1 likes]: Hoping to try this seasonal work thing next year, love your video! I do have a dumb question, if you've got a spare minute. I've heard the internet/wifi at most resorts are bad or non-existent. If you don't have internet access, how do you purchase your plane ticket back home? Do you just get it for round trip before you leave home, or just purchase it directly at the airport?

You may have driven yourself there, come to think of it. Not everyone needs to take a plane, but I would have to, so I was a little lost on the "how" of that, haha.
  16. @edge9751: Thanks so much for this video, it was so inspiring!  You're great at storytelling too!  It's very cliche to say--but I feel like for the longest time I've been living life based on what I thought I "needed" to accomplish.  But I never actually did the critical thinking about if those things I "needed" to do would fill me up.  It could work great for 99% of people, but not for me.  More and more I feel like seasonal work could work for me.  I've always loved the National Parks too!

One of the big things holding me back though are the reviews for these companies like Xanterra, Delaware North, (etc.) that operate at National Parks.  Quite a few of them are very negative reviews which is honestly scary to read.  My fear is that I would take a big leap to work at a park and the management/staff is really difficult to work with and I'd be stuck there and need to find a way back home.  Would love your thoughts on that if you have the time.  :)  Thanks!

- Earning, saving, and expenses if you come to New Zealand on a work visa in 2025: Kind: captions Language: en Hi everyone, I am Arsalan and after seeing your response on my last video, I thought why not make a video in which I also tell you how much money you can earn if you come to New Zealand on a work visa and you work here full time. So today we will talk about that, Bhaijaan, if you are coming to New Zealand and after that you also get a full time job per month. So how much money will you make and what will your expenses be if you are living alone ? So I am also going back from the university. So I said let's make a little video. Well brother, first of all, whenever you are coming to New Zealand on a job visa, especially with an accredited employer, then the immigration will tell him that he will pay you the median wage per hour and the median wage which is currently prevalent in New Zealand is approximately $31.50, so he has to pay you $310 per hour. How much will that work give you after that ? So in New Zealand, a person is considered a permanent employee who is given work by his employer for 30 to 40 hours a week. So, in this entire calculation, we will consider that you are getting median wages and you are getting enough work. Meaning, you are getting work for 40 hours a week. Now you may get a salary more than this and unfortunately you may get a little less work than this. But we will do the calculations on ideal parameters. So let's assume you're earning the median wage and working 40 hours a day in New Zealand. So how much money will you make? If we do the calculations, you will make approximately $260 a week. So remember the system in New Zealand will run week to week. So within a week you will get $60. If you work 40 hours above the median wage on a work visa, you have full working rights. Now after that, the first thing you will feel is that your tax will be deducted. So, in this slab, you can assume that the tax deducted from you will mostly be 20%. So after the 20% tax is deducted, the income you will be left with will be $18. So $18 is now in your hands. Now whatever expenses you have to make, whatever savings you have to make , you have to do it from within this. One more thing, whatever expenses I will mention in this, I will mention them for an individual person. For example, if you are coming alone or on a work visa and you are not bringing your family with you, then what will be your expenses and how much money will you save by the end ? So the first expense that we have to bear is that of our residence or accommodation. So in New Zealand, if you buy a flat, or an independent flat, meaning a one-room apartment, then if we add the utilities etc. in that room, then your approximate rent will be around $225. You will get a place where you can stay for a week. Plus there are some more things that you have to pay every month sorry every week which includes your mobile expenses. Your vehicle is insured and fueled. So let's assume that $10 will be deducted weekly towards your mobile, approximately $15 will go towards your car insurance and approximately $30 will be spent on fuel for your car here in New Zealand for a week. If you assume that you have to go to work and meet your friends, then it will cost approximately this much. After all this, after taking out rent, mobile, insurance and fuel, you are left with $728. Now you have to pay for your groceries additionally for $728. So normally a person's groceries here now cost around $1, within which you can indulge in debauchery. So if you subtract $ from this, you are left with $628. So technically, if you take out your basic expenses, you have $628 in a week. Now out of that $628, we take out another $28 for miscellaneous. So how much money do you actually have left? $600 So in a week in New Zealand you will save $600. But when? When you have come here on a work visa. You are working full time and your salary is above the median weight. Then you will make so much money. Now the other thing in this is how much does this $600 amount to ? So if you are coming from Pakistan then it comes to approximately ₹1 lakh and if you calculate from India then it comes to approximately ₹00. So now that's the week's tally in New Zealand. Similarly, if you want to calculate your income for the entire year, then you will multiply it by 52 and you will be able to save that much money here. But but but let me tell you again. I am telling you this calculation if you have come to New Zealand on a work visa. You are working full time. You're working 40 hours and you're getting median wages and you're living alone here. Because if you live with your family, your expenses will be multiplied by three. In the next video, I will also tell you how much your expenses will be if you live with your family in New Zealand on a work visa. So this was today's video. I hope you liked this video. If you want to know about the cost of living in New Zealand, want to know about life in New Zealand , want to know about visa documents, then all the videos are available on my channel. Go and see them. It's raining here in Auckland right now. The rain has just eased a bit and I am heading home. I had come to the university. So now let me show you a little bit of the surrounds. You enjoy. See you again in the next video. In the next video I will tell you how much it will cost you if you come here with your family. So if you are coming here immediately on a work visa or coming with your family or you have to call your family later, in any case this video is going to be very useful for you. you must watch that video. Subscribe to the channel to get motivated. If you press the bell icon, the information will reach you directly.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SALEEMRAAN1 [4 likes]: السلام علیکم بھائی جان ہم دو ادمی ہیں انگلش بھی تھوڑی جانتے ہیں اور وہاں ا کر اپنا چھوٹا سا سٹور کھولنا چاہتے ہیں جیسے کہ محلوں میں ہوتا ہے اور اس پہ کتنا خرچ ائے گا کیا حکومت اجازت دے گی ویزا کونسا لینا پڑے گا اور دکان کیا اسانی سے بن سکتی ہے ہمارے پاس پیسہ ہے بہت شکریہ
  2. @hamzaarshad8075 [1 likes]: Were you from brother
  3. @RohanKavitkarFashion [1 likes]: Kitna money sath me rakhe ki waha job milne tak reh sake
  4. @talhashams134 [1 likes]: Sir I am applying for SMC visa, I need your advice please I need your contact details any !
  5. @MuhammadShahid-f6s: If living NZ. On seasonal work vsia. If daily 23 . Then what expanse.
  6. @WaqarAhmad-o9u: Driver ka visa Milta.he kia
  7. @NaumanSadiq-s7l: Bro ma ana cahata hu plz help kro yar visit visaa pa
  8. @Super5Ss5-dx7zp: Savings??? 
Bro plzz dont tempt people to make their lifes messy decision
New Zealand is very expensive place to live and work, dont come.
  9. @zaynrajpootworld: Very well explained
  10. @YousraBashirAli: With family expensive
  11. @fahadaziz3640: Nice to see Info brother Mashaa Allah do let me know about the finance or accounts related jobs scope please
  12. @nirmalasingh941: Beta, kya yanha 40 hou rs ke baad bhi extra work kar sakte hain, please reply soon
  13. @azrael9127: Canadian pakistani here, i have some questions about jobs  if you give your instagram. That would easy thanks
  14. @chandramegavath8210: Talk about Waiter
  15. @toqeerAbbas-p5n: Salam Sir Apka what's app number mil Sakta ha
  16. @mohdzubair-lr8uk: Bhai I want to have a telephonic conversation with you. How can i contact you. Iam planning to come to New Zealand along with family which includes 2 children and wife
  17. @shahnavazshaikh9464: Hi as salaamu alaykum aslanbhai
  18. @Riseandshine407: Hi liaqat how can I move dubai to New Zealand
  19. @syedwasim2764: Very nice ❤ thanks
  20. @SaminaUbaid-i3f: Tell me how much electrician earn in nz

- Greece Cost of Living for Indians in 2025 & The First Impressions- EU का सबसे सस्ता देश: Kind: captions Language: en Hello and welcome back once again to my channel The Travel Man Today how are you all in today's video I would like to talk about Greece, what was my first impression of Greece, what was my observation and what I think what were my feelings about it and at the same time let's talk about the cost of living or the expenses, whatever expenses I incurred, I am going to tell you by counting them all and you will get an idea from that, you can vary the expenses, my expenses are different, your expenses are different but you will get an idea in planning the trip, according to my expenses, okay so let's begin, first I will start with the first impression , how did I like Athens as a capital city, see it is beautiful, it is well built but it is all very old, especially if you go to the local places, they look very old and not very clean either, people pick up anything and throw it on the road like it happens in India where it comes to people, people are generally very nice and helpful, I mean If I have lost my way, if someone notices that I am looking for a way, he will come to me and show me the way, which is great to see. However, one negative thing that I found in this is that drug addicts roam around a lot at night. If you are walking on the streets at 11 or 12 or even if you are sleeping in a hostel or a hotel, then many times people who are under the influence of drugs create a lot of noise and say that they are not violent by nature, but they are just in their own way and seeing that, I felt a little bad that in such a good place there is poverty too. And apart from poverty, people are also in a state of drug addiction. Apart from this, if I talk about food, their food is generally very good. If I had to eat one meal outside in three days, I did not face any problem. The food is palatable, good, rich food, so this is an advantage. If I talk about traveling , in Athens, their metro and subway stations are there. It is not complex. If you go to Japan or South Korea, there are very long and wide complex stations, but it is not so here. You can commute very easily and the average time to go to any point is 15 to 20 minutes. Next I will talk about trains. What happens in the case of trains is that you do not get tickets for any specific route. You have to go to the vending machine and there you will get four selections like whether you want a 90-minute ticket or a two-way ticket or a 5-day ticket or a three-day ticket. There is no hard and fast rule that if you want to go from here to there, then the ticket will cost this much. It is a fixed cost and it is at least around 150 cents. The average cost that I am telling you about the tickets of trains is that the drawback is that the body is compact in size, meaning it is quite narrow. I was going from the airport to the city and I thought I would reach very comfortably and quickly and the train would be spacious. There would be space to keep luggage as well, but actually it was not like that, it was very compact, the train was already crowded from the airport and I was facing a lot of difficulty in moving my luggage here and there, so there are also chances of pickpocketing in such a situation, many people have reported incidents of pickpocketing in trains etc. because it is very compact, people keep boarding, the trains are very crowded, if we look at it, apart from this, what I have seen on the streets is that they do dirty things, they create so much gravities in the local areas as well, they have created gravities etc. everywhere, which looks artistic, so it seems that it is good for taking photographs but otherwise, if you look at it like that, then it doesn't look nice at all the network coverage which is the plan that I have taken. I have already told you that, I hope you must have followed my first video in which I showed you all my immigration experiences and the countries I have visited, how has my immigration or custom security been, so all that is covered in it, but still I will tell you in brief that I had taken an e-mail online by calling Node Live, there is a website, I have put its link in the description here as well, you can book from there , but its network coverage is OK, that means outside, only 5G will work here in the whole EU, this whole cost is ₹ 1800 for me, but the network coverage outside is fine, but if you go inside metros etc. or go to the basement or go to the very top, somewhere high, then the coverage becomes poor there and I have not seen this thing only in Greece, I have experienced it in other countries as well, so let 's talk about the cost of living with you and I have already told about it. I have noted down the things. Whatever I was seeing, I was noting them down so that I could explain it to you in a better way. See, if I talk about the cost of living, Greece is very cheap comparatively to other countries. So, if you are looking for a trip to Europe and you want a typical European experience, then you can come to Greece. It will be very cheap for you. And comparatively to cities, if I talk about France , Italy or Spain, then it is much cheaper than those countries. So, now this is how I felt, whether I found it expensive or cheap, you got to know about it and I have given my verdict. Now, I will share the cost breakdown with you. If you take an average meal, etc., and eat somewhere, sitting in a restaurant, sitting in a normal restaurant, sitting in a cafe , then your bill will be around 10 to 15 euros. And at least if you eat fast food, etc., then your expenses will be between 6 to 8. If I talk about transportation, Your expenses can be around 120 cents or 1.5 euros or 2 euros maximum , suppose you are going anywhere. Now it is not like that you will get a ticket from point A to point B, as I was telling you earlier, so actually it will be that you will get a direct ticket for 90 minutes and it has a fixed cost. If I talk about taxis, the fare starts from 350 cents and if you take a short ride, that too will cost you a minimum of 7 to 10, if you take a ride of 2-3-4 km, then that too will cost you around 10 to 15 euros. If I talk about attractions, the minimum tickets for archaeological sites are 10 to 15 euros, it depends on the season, but 10 euros is the minimum and I have also covered those things in the video. If you go to bigger prominent archaeological sites, then it can also cost 30-37 euros. Now I do not know how much interest you have, but I have given the breakdown of the price. I have told you , okay. Now, if I talk about groceries with you, suppose you stay for a month, for 30 days, then your monthly expenses can come between 150 to 250 euros here, okay. And if I talk about an apartment, if you take it on rent, then it costs a minimum of 400 to 600 euros, whether you are a local or a foreigner, their rates are fixed. If you have to stay for a month and you want to rent a property, okay. Now, if I talk about budget hostels, then there are good range hostels for 20 to 30 euros per night. The hostel I had, it was okay, and it cost me ₹5000 for just three nights, it cost ₹500, if not more than that, then it was dirty, cheap and it was okay, the property was okay. I did not have any such problem there, it was all good. Now, let us talk further about the city. Comparatively if you go to islands then islands can be a bit expensive, be it Santorini or Menos And the islands are a little expensive, they are on the higher side, if I talk about the capital, but still you will not see much difference in the capital or even on these islands, the islands are a little slightly on the higher side because they are islands, all the resources there are sent by transport, so definitely it will be a little high, if I talk about daily expenses, then I will tell you my expenses, from airport to hotel, my fare from airport to hotel is 9 cents, if you drink beer, then the minimum fare is 1 and you get very good local beer, if you buy any other brand, any imported brand, then it costs 220 cents , and if you buy tickets etc. Like I told you, if you buy metro tickets, then the maximum fare is 2, I am going on the higher side, you may have to pay 2 30 cents, it will be with that, if I talk about two rides, if you are travelling back and forth, then that too is 2 The minimum cost you will have to pay is 30 cents, it cannot be less than that. The tickets etc. that I have spent for the archaeological sites cost me 10 rupees. The minimum cost for a water bottle is 50 cents, and if you drink it in Paris, it will cost you ₹250. If you drink it in Spain, it will be expensive. If you drink it in Italy, it will still be expensive. But the cheapest thing I have seen here is water. If you are going on a boat ride and there obviously things are sold expensive in the boat, whether you eat snacks or drink beer, its cost to me was 450 cents. For example, I bought a beer on the boat, it cost me 12 cents. If I have to go to an island by boat ferry, if I have to go to a nearby island from Athens or if I have to come back, then its ticket will cost you a minimum of 12 euros. Then I explored a couple of archaeological sites etc. , the ticket for that was also for 10. If you buy something, for example, I went to Aegina Island, if you buy anything If you buy an item, you will get it for a minimum of 12. You can assume the price to be 12 euros. For example , I bought pistachios, which are very popular in Jean Island and it is also the main attraction of that place. You can get many of their products. Their wine is also available. Their ice cream is also available. Their snacks are also available. So if you look at the cost of the pistachios, I bought about half a kilo, around 5500 grams. So it cost me 12. Now if I talk about ice cream , it cost me 3 cents. If I eat a meal at McDonald's, I had a meal at McDonald's one day. It cost me 580 cents. Then some sieves etc., as I told you, may cost you 12. So I bought some sieves in the middle, that too cost me 11. And if you dine anywhere, let me tell you one thing that they also expect a tip. It depends on you how much you want to give. They don't push you. Or no one makes it bad, if you want to give ₹1 to that thing then you can give a tip, there is no problem, it can be detected in the card itself, okay, so my total expense for three nights, all the food and travel expenses were 150 euros, okay, so now you must have got an idea from this video, how cheap it is for you, how can you plan a trip, what will be your account for three days, depending on your lifestyle, I cannot comment much about it, but I have told you the price of the things, approximately in 2025, so how did you like this video, definitely tell me, share this video with everyone, like the video, subscribe to the channel, goodbye, take care, bye-b

  Top Comments:
  1. @TRAVELMANTODAY [2 likes]: For all travel updates → Search ‘Travel Man Today’ on YouTube.

RESOURCES

1. Book Flights & Hotels here: skyscanner.pxf.io/JKLVXE
2. Klook Bookings: https://tinyurl.com/3ma7by37
3. Thailand & South-East Asia Tours (Your Tour Desk): https://tinyurl.com/krz8n53d
4. Book hotels with Expedia: https://www.expedia.com/?siteid=1&langid=1033
5. MY WEBSITE For Applying Visa & Required Documents: www.thewanderingman.in/
6. Instagram: https://www.instagram.com/thetravelman_vlogs/
7. NOMAD INSURANCE- http://tinyurl.com/4et33ndj
8: URGENT VIETNAM E-VISA: https://tinyurl.com/2jafnb2m

SAFETYWING NOMAD TRAVEL INSURANCE- SIGN UP TODAY
 1. NOMAD INSURANCE- http://tinyurl.com/4et33ndj
 2. BORDERLESS INSURANCE: http://tinyurl.com/3457scvr
 3. BUILDING REMOTELY: http://tinyurl.com/45wem9kc
  2. @nareshkumar561 [1 likes]: Good information
  3. @ravichandel8690 [1 likes]: sir greece mein job mil sakta hai
  4. @AvtarSingh-pr9em [1 likes]: Very Good Information Sir 🙏🏻🙏🏻
  5. @sattursenthil [1 likes]: India is great compared to Europe at least we don't have pickpocket problems and roaming drug addicts.
  6. @raghavtrehan2534 [1 likes]: Excellent video
  7. @balwindersinghkhuttan7033 [1 likes]: Good information and sweet vlog g
  8. @Kushal442 [1 likes]: Great video brother 👍 thank you for sharing
  9. @themastercheif: Brother i need to talk you personally. I am about to reach greece next month for work.
  10. @sidharthgautamgautam6008: Nice information bhai ji ❤
  11. @VIDEO_PLUS0786: China visa plz full details a video
  12. @VIDEO_PLUS0786: China visa plz full details a video

- How Greece’s economic crisis is affecting the environment and population: Kind: captions Language: en with grease going through such a huge governmental debt crisis in 2016 using this video we will explain how the crisis is affecting the environment and the population of the country starting with the economic crisis we can see that the bailout money like Greece received last year was supposed to buy the country time to stabilize its finances and cual market fears that the Europe Union itself would not break up well this has helped Greece's economic problems they have not gone away the economy has shrunk by a quarter in five years and the unemployment rate is at some of its highest and ever taking this and looking at the population demographics of Greece it is very significant to note because the population is mostly made up of people between the ages of 25 and 50 for this class of people make up most of the working population of the country and with jobs being so scarce across the entire country and unemployment rates at almost twenty-five percent the economic problems for the past few years I've still tolling effects on the government and the people the unemployment rate for Greece also has an overwhelming effect on the environment because people are having a hard time heating their homes efficiently currently the most common way that citizens are heating their homes is using what and many people are legally cutting down trees and using them for heat this puts a lot of carbon into the air and doesn't help with the already awful pollution problem grace has looking at how this affects the environment most of the air pollution in Greece is concentrated in Athens the capital and Athens can also be blamed for the rising water pollution and that the country is facing half of the industrial site waste from inside the city along with City sewage waste flow to the Gulf Coast rocky ceramic owes much of this place is untreated Colleen severe pollution you occur into the Mediterranean Sea there are also many wetlands in the interior of creased suffering or being trained for agricultural or other human activities and they are in danger of further degradation several wetland sites have been earmarked for conservation and other programs regardless regardless of how the pollution and economic crisis that Greece is having there's been a major rise in emigration even though the death rate surpasses the birth rate in the country by almost three people per 1,000 of the population the rate of migrants coming in almost makes up for it with 2.3 migrants per 1,000 people as far as population growth growth for Greece goes they're almost at a growth rate of zero or breaking even and neither growing or declining the reason for most of this is because Greece is considered the gateway into Europe and with the economical downhaul coming into the country with money can also allow you to live there very cheaply compared to other European countries considering all these factors we can see that Greece even with its economic crisis and environmental problems is still a great place to live you

- How mass tourism is destroying cities: Kind: captions Language: en is tourism destroying cities residents of some of the most beautiful cities around the world have been protesting against tourism and there has been anti-tourist violence in places like barcelona and venice but why there are four ways that tourism can affect cities overcrowding pollution bad behavior and rising prices let's begin with overcrowding venice a city of 60 000 people welcomes nearly 30 million visitors a year that's 76 000 tourists a day spain had 82 million visitors in 2017 with 9 million visiting barcelona alone there are even traffic jams climbing mount everest now overcrowding has an obvious effect on traffic footpaths and queues it can also affect the city's culture and identity like in barcelona where locals are complaining tourism is diluting its vibrancy and history tourists also bring with them pollution and waste they consume heaps of water and food while causing environmental damage to the destination in thailand a beach has been closed to protect its coral reefs from tourists in indonesia bali's famously pristine beaches are now being swamped by garbage and their underground water sources are being drained too quickly the island predicts it will run out of its water supply by 2020. in venice cruise ships that bring thousands of tourists each day are damaging the local environment with engine pollution and water displacement tourism even accounts for eight percent of global greenhouse gas emissions mainly from transportation and then there's the issue of tourists bad behavior there are many viral videos that show tourists behaving inappropriately from airport check-in meltdowns and assaults on cabin crews to deliberately damaging ancient ruins locals in the brazilian city of rio de janeiro are furious at drunk tourists at their infamous ipanema beach in croatia people are fed up with loud and rude tourists so fines are being issued to those who drink alcohol in public and bali is even considering imposing restrictions on temples after tourists continue to climb on the holy sites or pose in swimwear finally tourism causes a rise in prices especially when it comes to short-term rentals like with airbnb an accommodation app where users can share their homes with tourists it has grown enormously with over 5 million lodgings across 81 000 cities but it has its downsides landlords in major cities make more money out of short-term leases on airbnb forcing local tenants to pay more in some cities it can raise housing prices as people look to invest in airbnb homes these rising prices are not just limited to airbnb though in cambodia citizens were evicted from fishing villages so that resorts could be built on the beaches the increased cost of living is forcing residents out from some of the most beautiful cities in the world but there is hope cities are starting to recognize the impacts of mass tourism and are looking to introduce measures to deal with the load fines for behavior are being introduced in cities all over the world regulations are starting to hit airbnb with their listings in san francisco barcelona and paris dropping iceland and greece are instituting caps on arrivals venice is planning to divert massive cruise liners to reduce some of the environmental damage and growing recognition of over tourism could push visitors into more environmentally and culturally friendly tourism in an attempt to save some of these delicate sites for generations to come [Music] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hi-xs7wm [2 likes]: HORRIBLE EPIDEMIC WORSE THAN CLIMATE CHANGE !
  2. @user-oj2ip3os3h [2 likes]: Selfie culture ruined tourism. Lots of ugly Americans in Sandals, Chinese, gypsies all ruining a city too
  3. @MarkedOnez [1 likes]: If you think about parasitic behavior this perfectly aligns with it. COVID-19 pandemic is a precursor to this current crisis! Fight against hyper tourism or risk losing your livelihoods!!!
  4. @lordsforza6904 [1 likes]: Mass tourism a problem? The solution is to get the income a country needs from wealthy, educated travellers who must pay 2 or 3 times higher prices than locals. Do it EVERYWHERE. Traveling should be a privilege, not a right.
  5. @gffproductions124 [1 likes]: Stay in your hometown and never leave it.
  6. @dhalia102: VAMOS MIS AMORES DALE MIS AMORES (los que vienen por inglesa)
  7. @BắcNguyễn-h5p: i want you to protect hanoi
  8. @BắcNguyễn-h5p: i want you to know about hanoi nam dinh and ninh binh
  9. @KristinaHoliday-b8x: Greetings 🙋‍♀️. Good work on this video. Nothing develops Intelligence like travel.
  10. @susanne1756: Stop the cruise ships for sure!
How about mass immigration...that's the REAL problem in these countries.!!!
  11. @BlaženaŘezníčková: Nemám slov!
  12. @williamgregory1848: It’s a double edged sword: tourism brings in money, but mass tourism ruins the charm of a place.
  13. @mr.bonkers8525: Overcrowding 
Pollution 
Bad behavior 
Rising prices

What other issue as these?

Oh yeah the soutgern border. But nobody wants to defend the pollution of our southwest dessert from illegal immigrants.
  14. @michaeltatro8883: If people would just take a bit of time to learn a bit about where they will be visiting and care it would make a lot of difference. When I’m abroad I’m at least twice embarrassed by other Americans behavior. May I say when you come to nyc there are already 8.5 billion people plus all the students and visitors. STAY TO YOUR RIGHT ON THE SIDEWALK! 
Thank you, we’re just running errands, or getting  out for a lunch break.
  15. @audyhudijana1222: Respect and manner....those 2 are the most important no matter where you at.
  16. @FRANCESCOALBANESE-ts3by: And mainstream media continues lying (as always) about recession, crisis and the rest of that BS... The biggest problem though, is that in our so called 'civilised west'  people have become truly ignorant, violent, presumptuous, empty and stupid. The miserable decline of a useless empire...
  17. @Ricky-mo6mv: And Canadians have threatened not to travel to the US because Trump hurt their feelings. 😂😂
  18. @JeromeHarrington-b6o: amazing!
  19. @skyquest-o8l: Nice🎉
  20. @provenchannel: That’s true. Most of the time tourism affects badly for the local community of the respective countries.Basically it affects for the wild animals, Moreover tourists damage historical places. They put Plastic everywhere.etc. We As a tourists should highly consider about their local values. If we protect their values these things will remain further . According to my view there are huge damages for the tourist destination everywhere . It is a considereble difference today.

- Challenges and Impacts of the Peak Season Crowds Worldwide.: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever wondered how the influx of tourists during peak season affects the destinations they visit it's a question that's been echoing around the globe as we grapple with the challenges and impacts that result from the overwhelming crowds that descend on popular tourist spots during Peak Seasons the world is a vast tapestry of cultures histories and natural wonders that attract millions of tourists each year but as these numbers grow so too does The Strain on our beloved destinations it's a global dilemma that sees us balancing the economic benefits of Tourism with the need to maintain the integrity and sustainability of these places from the bustling streets of historic cities to the Serene Landscapes of remote Islands the impact of peak season crowds is a worldwide issue as we move forward we'll explore this topic through real life case studies from different countries each with its own unique challenges and impacts stay tuned as we delve into real life examples from around the glob Globe showcasing the challenges and impacts of peak season crowds imagine a city so inundated with visitors that it's on the brink of losing its Essence welcome to Venice Italy Venice known for its enchanting canals and Gondola rides has become a victim of its own charm the city once a tranquil Haven now bustles with tourists in every nook and Corner during peak season this influx of visitors has led to a host of problems that are threatening the city's very existence one of the most pressing issues is environmental degradation the city's historic canals once Crystal Clear are now filled with litter and pollution the swarm of tourist boats and gondolas has not only disrupted The Aquatic Life but also accelerated the erosion of the city's foundations the cost of living has also shot up due to tourism with businesses shifting their focus to cater to tourists locals are finding it harder to afford basic Commodities this has led to an exodus of V Ians leaving the city with a dwindling population but Venice is not giving up the city has taken initiatives to curb these issues measures like restricting the number of tourist boats implementing a visitor's tax and encouraging sustainable tourism are being put into action the city is striving to strike a balance between preserving its cultural heritage and Catering to the world's curiosity as we see the beauty of Venice is under threat but it's not the only one let's travel far east to our next case study from the Serene canals of Venice let's Ascend to the dizzying heights of Mount Everest here we find a different kind of Rush Hour a traffic jam on the top of the world the Allure of Conquering the highest peak on Earth draws in hundreds of Mountaineers during the brief climbing season but this surge of Adventure Seekers creates a dangerous overcrowding on the slopes of Everest with a limited window of safe climbing conditions climbers often find themselves in a perilous queue battling not only the harsh elements but also the clock this congestion at the death zone altitude where the air is thin and the body is rapidly deteriorating has led to unfortunate fatalities making Everest a paradoxical Beauty captivating yet deadly beyond the immediate risk to climbers this influx puts a tremendous strain on local resources the remote region struggles to handle the waste left behind leading to an environmental crisis on the roof of the world the pristine snow is marred by discarded oxygen cylinders broken climbing equipment and other detrius a stark reminder of our footprint even in the most remote corners of the globe to manage this measures like stricter permits and cleanup campaigns are being implemented but the question remains how can we balance the pursuit of adventure with the necessity of preservation the challenges at Mount Everest show that no place however remote is immune to the impact of peak season crowds as we've journeyed from Venice to Everest the message is clear unchecked tourism can lead to devastating consequences from the sinking city of Venice grappling with the weight of mass tourism to the perilous traffic jams on Everest Peak we've witnessed the unsparing impact of unchecked Tourism throughout our journey we've underscored the importance of sustainable tourism it's a concept cep that goes beyond reducing plastic waste or carbon emissions it's about respect for the places we visit for their Heritage for their people and for their future it's about understanding that our actions no matter how small can contribute to a larger Narrative of preservation or degradation authorities have a critical role to play too by enforcing responsible tourism policies they can Safeguard these precious destinations however the ultimate responsibility lies with us The Travelers in the end it's up to us The Travelers and the authorities to strike a balance between our desire to explore and the need to preserve these magnificent places for generations to come

  Top Comments:
  1. @NurMasterofcriticism [1 likes]: مشالله

- ABE LAW; ENVIRONMENTAL SUSTAINABILITY: The Impact of Climate Change on AGRICULTURE Activity: Kind: captions Language: en good day everyone in today's topic I will discuss to you about environmental sustainability the impact of climate change and agricultural activity but before that let me introduce myself my name is Nas balad from Bulan agricultural State University taking up a Bachelor of Science in Agricultural and biosystems Engineering okay so let me repeat my topic for to today's um topic yeah the environmental sustainability the impact of climate change and agricultural activity but let me Define what is climate change okay so climate change is uh refers to long-term shift in temperature and watering patterns such a shift can be natural due to changes in Sun's activity or a larger volcanic eruption in common usage describes global warming which is ongoing increase in the global average temperature and its effect on Earth climate change and composes both the current rise and the global temperature which is primarily caused by human burning fossil fuels and previous long-term changes in Earth's climate this increase in global average temperature is more rap rapid than previous changes and contributed to various human activities like fossil fuel use deforestation and a certain Agriculture and Industrial practices that cont that contribute to greenhouse gases such as carbon dioxide and methane greenhouse gases drop heat in Earth's lower atmosphere causing global warming are the impact of climate change and agricultural activity okay so um there's many but this is the few um some key points in how climate change affects agricultural number one is the Greenhouse Effect and global warming is a primarily driven by the greenhouse effects where human activity release greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide into your atmosphere leading global warming this result in Rising temperatures to Melting glaciers see level sea level rise and changes in weather and pattern such as increased frequent frequency of droughts flood and storms we have the impact of agricultural impact of impact on agriculture climate change poses challenges to agricultural production and its affect weather conditions crucial for farming changes in temperature and precipitation patterns can Le lead to water stress Heats stress wind damage and increase pests and disease pressures these Factor can produce crop yields impact soil health and threaten food security next is the adaptation and mitigation Farmers around the world are adapting to climate change by implementing sustainable practices using technology to mod to monitor weathering patterns and D diversifying cops mitigation efforts involve reducing greenhouse gases emission and promoting climate resilience agriculture to cope with the with climate change next we have the regional impacts Regional impacts the impacts of climate change in agriculture vary across regions for example in Canada farmer temperatures have lead to longer growing seasons and opportunities to grow new crops however challenges like water scar City extreme weather events and past outbreaks also rise to agriculture production future outlook climate models predict continued warming and more extreme weather events in the future it is essential for policymakers to Farmers and communities to collaborate and adap adaptation strategies sustainable farming practices and resilience building measures to mitigate the diverse effect of climate change in agriculture next is the Environmental sustainability the impact of climate change in agricultural activity climate change has a significant impact on agricultural activity leading to various challeng challenges and opportunities for sustainable food production here are some key points regarding the impact of climate change on the agriculture number one is the changing W weather patterns changing weather patterns result in Altered weather patterns leading to increased intensity and frequent of droughts challenges in precipitation intensity and distribution and rising sea level these challenges can be negatively affect crop growth and soil quality castal system castal system rising sea level due to CL climate change impact densely populated castal areas cing causing soil salination land degration and ER and fragile ecosystem like DS and low L low-lying regions this poses a treat through agricultural land in this area adaptation and mitigation adaptation and mitigation must adopt the changing changing climate condition to ensure food security however these challenges also present opportunity for me meting iation strategies to reduce negative impacts implementing sustainable agriculture practices can help mitigate the effects of climate change of Assessments importance of assess assessments on the impact of climate scenarios in agricultural sectors and food production are crucial for the national food security and sustainable Land Management plan plans understanding how climate change affects agricultural productivity is essential for developing effect adaptation and mitigation strategies Agro eological zone or E AZ method methodology organization like the food and agriculture organization and The International Institute for Applied system analysis have developed the agroecological zones methodology this approach assess agricultural resources and potential by matching crops specific requirements with climate soil and tearing condition tearing condition it helps evaluate how future climate conditions may impact land use types and crops yields climate changes in agriculture activity here in the Philippines climate changes a profound impa impact and agricultural activity and the Philippines a country highly vulnerable to effects of changing climate patterns here are some specific ways climate change affect agricultural activity in the Philippines number one is the in increased frequent of extreme weather events the Philippines experience more frequent and intense tiens floods droughts due to climate change these extreme weather events can devastate devastate crops livestock and infrastructures leading to significant loses of farmers next as the last of biodiversity loss of biodiversity climate threatens the rich biodiversity of the Philippines including unique crops plant species changes in temperature and rainfall patterns can disturb the ecosystem in agricultural practices the that rely on diverse plant varieties for resilient next is the water scarcity changes in precipitation patterns can Le lead to water scarcity affecting irrigation system and and Crop Production droughts in particular can reduce water availability of Agriculture impact heals and food security next is the salt water intrusion Rising sea levels can cause salt water intrusions in castal areas affect agricultural lands and fresh to water source this intrusion can lead to soil salination making it changes to grow grow crops and sustain agricultural productivity shifts in planting Seasons climate change Alters traditional planting season in the Philippines affecting crops calendars and agricultural practices Farmers Farmers may need to adjust planting schedules and adopt new crop variety to adopt the changes climate condition next is the adaptation strategies to mitigate the impact of climate change and agricultural activity the Philippines has been implementing adapation strategies this includes promoting climate resilience crops improving water management process I is investing in climate Smart Technologies and enhancing disaster preparedness in agriculture next as the policy interventions the Philippines go government has been working on policies to address climate change impacts on agriculture initiatives focus on sustainable Land Management promoting Agro forestry enhancing soil conservation ation processes and integrating climate change consideration into agricultural planning and development in summary climate change poses significant challenges to agriculture activity here in the Philippines but not here also but not only here in the Philippines but the entire world threatening food security and livelihoods addressing these challenges requires a motivated approach that concludes adaptation strategies policy intervention and sustainable agricultural practices to build resilience in the face of changing condition and that's the end of my topic once again this is Nas ballad from Bulan State agricultural College in the topic of the environmental sustainability the impact of climate change on agricultural Activity thank you for listening and good day everyone

  Top Comments:
  1. @JhampaulInducil: Question: How can communities in vulnerable regions adapt to the increasing frequency and intensity of extreme weather events caused by climate change?
  2. @karyleabelende6789: As an AB Engineering student, ano sa tingin mo ang maitutulong mo para ma-lessen ang mga current problem na kinakaharap ng lugar n'yo when it comes to agriculture related problems?

- how climate affects community health - full video: Kind: captions Language: en Widespread scientific consensus tells us the world’s climate is changing. Those changes are creating new health risks in communities across the United States. Extreme weather, unhealthy air quality, and disease outbreaks are becoming more frequent and more severe, affecting more people in more places. Changes to our climate mean our communities need to prepare for the health risks of higher temperatures. Extreme heat can lead to: Heat stroke, Heat cramps, Heat exhaustion, Dehydration, and Death. Anyone can be at risk. But some are more vulnerable, including: Pregnant women, People with heart or lung conditions, Young children, Older adults, Athletes, and Outdoor workers. So how do we prepare for extreme heat? Communities can: establish cooling centers, plant trees to lower urban temperatures, and educate residents on ways to protect themselves and others such as drinking plenty of water and checking on older relatives and neighbors. A changing climate also means more frequent and more severe storms and flooding. That puts people at immediate risk of being injured or killed by debris, downed power lines, or flood waters. After a severe storm or flooding event, possible health risks are: Contaminated food or drinking water Bacteria, viruses, and toxic chemicals in flood waters, Mold, and Difficulty accessing health care services, like emergency help, prescribed medications, and supplemental oxygen In these events, older residents, people with disabilities, and lower-income households are more at risk. They may all have a harder time fleeing from a storm and may face more health risks if they can’t evacuate. One thing we often miss? The mental toll. First responders who witness countless tragedies and residents who are forced to flee are more vulnerable to anxiety and depression -- even those who have no history of mental illness. To prepare, communities can: find out which neighborhoods, people, and resources are most at risk; upgrade infrastructure such as roads and sanitary sewer systems; and educate residents on how to stay safe during and after an extreme weather event such as avoiding driving in flooded areas. As average temperatures rise across the globe, air quality can also change. That looks like: Longer and stronger pollen seasons, which can trigger asthma attacks and allergies; Hotter temperatures and changing weather patterns, which can make air pollution worse by increasing the density of dangerous particles; and More frequent droughts that can lead to wildfires, which release dangerous pollutants into the air. Young children, Young children, people with asthma and respiratory conditions, older adults, older adults, and people with compromised immune systems are more at risk of being harmed. Work that can help communities prepare includes collaborating with community partners to set up health-focused air quality alert systems and educating residents on how to check alerts to know when it’s safe to exercise outside. Now let’s talk about these little guys. Pests. Changes to our climate can also mean more risk of diseases spread by pests like ticks, mosquitoes, fleas, and rodents. With higher average temperatures, diseases transmitted by pests can multiply faster, spread to more locations, and infect people over longer periods of time each year. Lyme disease, West Nile virus, Zika, and hantavirus are examples of the resulting health risks. People who spend extended time outdoors in areas where pest-borne diseases are common are most at risk. Communities can prepare by creating systems to track and assess population health effects, and working with local partners on outreach strategies to help residents protect themselves, such as staying out of certain areas and using insect repellant. The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is empowering health departments across the United States to prevent and adapt to the local health risks of a changing climate through the Climate-Ready States and Cities Initiative. CDC’s Building Resilience Against Climate Effects (or BRACE) framework helps health departments plan a coordinated community response. Using BRACE, communities are: 1. Identifying the range of climate impacts and the people, locations, and resources most at risk 2. Quantifying the health problems associated with a changing climate 3. Assessing science-based interventions to address those health problems 4. Developing and overseeing community adaptation plans, and 5. Evaluating the process to learn more about what works. For more information, visit CDC.gov/climateandhealth

- Life in the COLDEST PLACE on Earth (Record-Breaking Cold!) | Yakutsk, Yakutia: Kind: captions Language: en have you ever imagined what the toughest, most&nbsp; extreme climate on planet Earth looks like?&nbsp;&nbsp; Well, there's a certain region of Northeastern&nbsp; Russia where conditions for human habitation&nbsp;&nbsp; truly couldn't be any more difficult. The region&nbsp; of Yakutia is widely known as one of the coldest,&nbsp;&nbsp; most brutal regions on planet Earth, where&nbsp; mid-winter temperatures regularly fall below&nbsp;&nbsp; minus 60 degrees Celsius, visibility is often less&nbsp; than 5 meters, and the Sun is completely blocked&nbsp;&nbsp; by an impenetrable layer of fog lasting months&nbsp; on end. You would think with conditions like&nbsp;&nbsp; this there's no way a society could function,&nbsp; and so-called 'normal life' could operate.&nbsp;&nbsp; But there are actually a group of people that&nbsp; have called this region home for generations,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Have not only survived but thrived. But how&nbsp; is day-to-day life in the so-called 'pole of cold'&nbsp;&nbsp; different to ours? What do these hardy people&nbsp; need to do just to get through the day during the&nbsp;&nbsp; cold dark eerie winter months? Well let's head to&nbsp; Yakutsk and find out. Oh, and by the way, by pure&nbsp;&nbsp; luck we managed to be there on the coldest day&nbsp; not just of the year, but the last two decades! What is the temperature? On my phone it says -55'c but here it is even colder, probably -58'c (-72'f) [Music] So Yakutsk is widely known as the coldest city&nbsp; on earth, and with a population of 300,000&nbsp;&nbsp; it's also the largest city to be built on&nbsp; continuous permafrost. The lowest ever recorded&nbsp;&nbsp; temperature here in Yakutsk was -71 degrees&nbsp; Celsius and we're here in the middle of January&nbsp;&nbsp; and the current temperature is just below minus&nbsp; 50. What is just absolutely mind-blowing about this&nbsp;&nbsp; city is that despite temperatures being below -50,&nbsp; despite it being incredibly incredibly cold, life&nbsp;&nbsp; just seems to go on, by the way about those people&nbsp; let's meet a few of them this is Arseniy and&nbsp;&nbsp; this is Nikolai both members of The Walrus Club,&nbsp; a group of guys that ice bath every day even in&nbsp;&nbsp; temperatures like this. But we'll see more of&nbsp; that later, and this is Maria, Yakutia's&nbsp;&nbsp; first sommelier, yep you heard that right, wine from&nbsp; yakutia, and this is her husband Maxim with whom we&nbsp;&nbsp; headed out on an adventure to a remote Yakutian&nbsp; Village. These are just a few of the many locals&nbsp;&nbsp; we met here in Yakutsk, but before we hear more&nbsp; about these lovely people and their lives. Let's&nbsp;&nbsp; head back out onto the streets. We've been out for&nbsp; about 20 minutes, and to be honest I'm pretty warm&nbsp;&nbsp; myself, because we've got very many layers. But&nbsp; I'm starting to feel how my face is starting to&nbsp;&nbsp; burn because of the cold around these areas. On that&nbsp; note we've heard that in temperatures like this&nbsp;&nbsp; it's very dangerous to kiss each other and&nbsp; if your skin comes into contact with metal, that's it your stuck to it [Music] [Applause]&nbsp;&nbsp; foreign [Music] [Applause] Living here in Yakutsk, pushes the limits of human nature. And&nbsp; even some of the most basic daily tasks&nbsp;&nbsp; require precautions and forethought&nbsp; for example turning off your cars You never turn your cars off, right? No, you cant, it will freeze Those cars are stuck there until spring turning your car off in these temperatures&nbsp; can cause the engine oil to freeze resulting&nbsp;&nbsp; in your car being stuck until spring. To&nbsp; avoid this people either leave their cars&nbsp;&nbsp; running or rent expensive heated garages however&nbsp; people are resourceful up here and by the way&nbsp;&nbsp; for people that can't afford their own heated&nbsp; garages they have these covers for their cars&nbsp;&nbsp; Apparently there called Natasha,&nbsp; cool name, my mom's called Natasha This is a Yakut garage It is basically a duvet, that keeps the cold away The prices for a "Natasha" start at $113 USD Our car switches on automatically from time to time. It senses when the engine temperature drops too low Then after warming up, the cover helps to trap the heat for longer Driving in the city, in the famous Yakutsk fog, is an experience in itself with&nbsp; visibility often under five meters&nbsp;&nbsp; you can't take your eyes off the road for&nbsp; a second and to stop the windows freezing&nbsp;&nbsp; up whilst you drive the cars here need to be&nbsp; retrofitted but we'll let Maria explain that Did you notice, our car have two layers of glass? Everyone that uses their cars in winter, insulates them somehow We cover our engines & fans with blankets to stop the cold aor How are you feeling? I'm all right it's just I can't feel my toes now.&nbsp; Can't feel your toes? Let's get inside quick this is absolutely brutal, my nose hairs are frozen&nbsp; my Beard's frozen I feel like my bones&nbsp;&nbsp; inside my body are frozen in these kind of temperatures your electronic&nbsp; devices are really struggling, our phone has&nbsp;&nbsp; started to go and the camera is playing up,&nbsp; and it's pretty much dead already. Filming in&nbsp;&nbsp; these temperatures is extremely difficult&nbsp; and at one point I had my glove off for&nbsp;&nbsp; filming for slightly too long and lost&nbsp; all of the feeling in one of my fingers&nbsp;&nbsp; so whilst we head to a coffee shop to warm up&nbsp; let's show you where we're heading with Maria so we've come to the Museum of&nbsp; the permafrost and we're gonna go&nbsp;&nbsp; and have a look underground at the&nbsp; permafrost itself here in Yakutsk . This is the Permafrost Museum the most incredible thing is about this place&nbsp; when you're walking through it is you realise that&nbsp;&nbsp; on this permafrost that we're looking at now an&nbsp; entire city is built the entirety of Yakutsk is&nbsp;&nbsp; on the permafrost and it's built on exactly what&nbsp; we're looking at here it's just incredible and&nbsp;&nbsp; because of this, the city can actually be prone&nbsp; to ice shifts and one big problem that they had&nbsp;&nbsp; to overcome was the heat that emanates from the&nbsp; buildings not melting the ice so to counteract&nbsp;&nbsp; that all of the buildings here in yakutsk are&nbsp; actually built on these stilts, which creates&nbsp;&nbsp; a gap between the warm homes above and the&nbsp; permafrost below. Obviously those stilts can&nbsp;&nbsp; only hold so much weight, that's why you&nbsp; won't find a building above 16 floors in&nbsp;Yakutsk And that also means that all the pipe&nbsp; work across the city is actually above ground I think it's one of the most beautiful&nbsp; cities I've ever seen in the world&nbsp;&nbsp; and it's not because of the architecture&nbsp; the nature made it so gorgeous&nbsp;&nbsp; These trees honestly, I just can't get enough&nbsp; of, they're so gorgeous, I can just stare&nbsp;at&nbsp; them forever. Probably outside the window,&nbsp; not standing outside watching them forever We've noticed that everywhere in the Yakutsk, where&nbsp; it's leading up to the entrances, they've got&nbsp;&nbsp; carpets laid over because it's so slippery&nbsp; I haven't seen it anywhere else in the world I wanted to do this for so long there are two official languages in the&nbsp; Republic of Saha, Russian and yakut.&nbsp;&nbsp; The Yakut language, is a turkic language, and you know that&nbsp; we're both very passionate about languages, and&nbsp;&nbsp; we always try and learn at least few phrases&nbsp; in every country we go to, which gives me the&nbsp;&nbsp; chance to introduce you to the sponsors of&nbsp; today's video, Busuu. Previously every time&nbsp;&nbsp; we traveled to a russian-speaking country&nbsp; after a long gap of time I could feel how&nbsp;&nbsp; my speaking level especially had dropped and&nbsp; it would always take me weeks to get back up&nbsp;&nbsp; to speed which is why recently I've been using&nbsp; Busuu to continue learning and refreshing my&nbsp;&nbsp; knowledge on the road so when the time comes to&nbsp; travel to places like Yakutsk, my language skills&nbsp;&nbsp; are right where I need them to be for me the&nbsp; best thing about learning with Busuu is their&nbsp;&nbsp; bite-sized lessons their personalized lesson&nbsp; plans and when you have premium the ability to&nbsp;&nbsp; download the lessons so that you can even use&nbsp; them on the go without an internet connection&nbsp;&nbsp; with over 120 million users all over the&nbsp; world Busuu offers courses in 14 languages so&nbsp;&nbsp; to achieve your language learning goals start&nbsp; learning your favorite language completely free&nbsp;&nbsp; today with Busuu, using the link in the&nbsp; description below, and back to the video in some crazy stroke of luck, this day,&nbsp; the day we chose to film, turned out&nbsp;&nbsp; to be the coldest day in the last two&nbsp; decades. You would think though in these&nbsp;&nbsp; temperatures nobody would go outside but&nbsp; this couldn't be further from the truth&nbsp;&nbsp; people here are inspirational to be honest&nbsp; no matter what Mother Nature throws at them&nbsp;&nbsp; the resilience of the yakut shines through. Women&nbsp; stand outside at the market all day selling their&nbsp;&nbsp; wares, delivery guys still work, kids go to school,&nbsp; and some even go ice bathing on the Frozen River&nbsp;&nbsp; Lena. This is Arsentiy and Nikolai, two members of&nbsp; the Walrus Swimmers Group. Despite the temperatures&nbsp;&nbsp; this group of incredible people turn up here&nbsp; almost every day to dive into this icy water What temperature does it show? - It doesn't show anything. The temperature is too low, it stops at -50'C We do push ups to get the blood flowing, it helps to reduce the effect of the cold water And he still goes under water! We've got like four layers on, at least. He's not coming up, oh my god. The feeling is always fantastic! Getting dressed afterwards is the hardest part because you are already cold and wet I guess you just can't dry off quick enough right? I haven't even started drying my body yet, the main thing is to save your extremities straight away, as they can get frostbite A girl came recently from Moscow wanting to dive, at -50'c, but she came without 'slippers', this is bad as you can stick to the ice Inspiring, isn't it! One of the guys said that he started doing this in August because he got fed up of getting ill constantly so to boost his immune system, he started doing this At this point, you may be thinking that&nbsp; Yakutsk is just one big ice City all&nbsp;&nbsp; year round, but actually that's not always the case. Our summers get very hot, it can get to +40'c (+104'f) and despite the very cold snap that&nbsp; we're experiencing at the moment on&nbsp;&nbsp; average Winters here are getting warmer climate&nbsp; change is having an effect on Russia's far north&nbsp;&nbsp; faster than most places on Earth and that poses&nbsp; a massive threat to the very permafrost the city&nbsp;&nbsp; is built on. Last Summer the above average&nbsp; Mercury culminated in tragic circumstances One year ago, the summer was insanely hot and forest fires broke out, destroying over 11 million hectares of forest. And last winter was unseasonably warm too. We are definitely noticing a change in the climate. the warming climate is a problem for all of&nbsp; humanity and one that's having a particular&nbsp;&nbsp; effect on yakutia right now, even if today,&nbsp; walking around the city at -60'c it seems a&nbsp;&nbsp; long way off. As passers through, it's easy to&nbsp; be shocked at temperatures like this, I mean&nbsp;&nbsp; in Britain the country completely shuts down after&nbsp; an inch of snow. But for people here, this is just&nbsp;&nbsp; everyday life, and the locals love their city,&nbsp; and its climate. And for us the main take away&nbsp;&nbsp; from this trip, funnily enough, won't be the freezing&nbsp; cold but the intense warmth of the yakut people by the way this is the first of a mini series up&nbsp; here in the world's coldest region this video in&nbsp;&nbsp; many ways left us with more questions than&nbsp; answers about the Yakut people, their way&nbsp;&nbsp; of life, what they eat up here, and what life's&nbsp; like in The Villages. And in the next videos&nbsp;&nbsp; we're going to endeavor to answer all of these&nbsp; questions, and share more of this magical region.&nbsp;&nbsp; But for now thanks so much for&nbsp; watching and see in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @FutureDino [1 likes]: Guys you might not believe me but I think it’s cold their
  2. @DivinoCharles-eq5fh: Deve ser fantástico morar nesse lugar frio neve massa !
  3. @vladimirsamusevic7875: Amazing, Matt and Julia, I like your reportages...
  4. @matrox: Ohh No!!!...Ohhh Hell No!!!!!:face-pink-tears:
  5. @matrox: How TF do you build buildings in that weather?
  6. @GalinaBorisova-t6u7j: Ни за каки5 миллионы б не жила там😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😮😮😮😮😮😮😮
  7. @lovelylyrics1687: ❤3 times watching love you guys 🌿🌹🌿🕊️
  8. @H37P5kY57: Ive been partly considering moving there...huge language barrier though and sounds expensive to maintain things. The average salary and the homes/condos that would be of interest is very hard.
  9. @johnny.slv.add17: i good want that yous foring the subtitle in english, yous froming this present, please, "love frozen"!
  10. @ShadowAnn2025: in case of fear regarding energy problems, I will tell you about such interesting reactors that are currently being built in France and Russia. they are called TOKAMAK. These are thermonuclear reactors, which can be called the Sun on Earth. If they are completed and work, oil and gas will soon be forgotten.
  11. @DapkarPravin: Adorable 😊
  12. @CCobraProductions: Not living there for love or money.
  13. @Widenalage: How do you wash your body in water that cold ?
  14. @e4sack: Americans with their president could easily try to bomb Yakutsk. You wonder how they think
  15. @DJFULLMOON: Is it true you have to let your car 🚙 run all year round too prevent from freezing 🥶 and turning into a ice 🧊 box
  16. @muricepritcherd8567: I wonder what they do for entertainment ? what music do they listen to?🤔
  17. @Golu-Molu-content: what about electric car??  such places best option is to have a electric car
  18. @missylib5: Why would anyone wanna live here ! I will cry every day lol
  19. @xvictorx1: who the hell would drive a g wagon there 0:18
  20. @JohnGarciaLandryGamingChannel: Woah that’s crazy.

- How Greenlanders Survive Brutal Winters: Kind: captions Language: en (wind blowing) (birds cawing) - [Narrator] Winter is coming and the ocean is freezing. (upbeat music) - We're out here on the frozen sea ice and we're hunting for a seal. (speaking foreign language) (soft music) - In a tiny village in Greenland where the sun is just coming back after a winter of darkness and yet the ice around here is at its highest point. I'm actually on an island but no boats are getting in and outta here anytime soon. I've been moving through Greenland, trying to get to villages and settlements that are impossibly far away, villages like this dot the coast of Greenland. Settlements of people living impossibly high up on the globe, living on these rocks that are spilling off of the world's largest and iciest island. I set out to go to one of these northerly villages, to try to understand what happens to them when the ice closes in and their world transforms, turning from liquid to solid, cutting them off from the world but also opening them up to walk on water. So let me introduce you to a place that many don't know much about, Greenland, a place built on deep traditions but one that is facing rapid change. I am in this village in rural Greenland. The sun just came up after a very, very dark winter. It is negative 30 degrees, and I am trying to make it to a small island up Here comes our airplane. We're taking that little plane but that's just the beginning of our adventure here. Well, that was a stunning flight. Geez, now it's time to get on a helicopter. Okay, we made it to this island called Uummannaq. It's impossibly far away and impossibly beautiful. We still have one more leg to go to get to the island village that we are trying to get to but the map doesn't actually look like this right now. It actually looks much more like this. Everything's frozen. Lucky for us, we can just walk on water. Are they seal? - [Mark] Yeah. - Seal skin gloves. - [Mark] And this is polar bear. - Oh wow. So now we're just cruising on the sea ice, headed towards the village. During our ride along the sea ice, we stopped to feel the silence of this frozen landscape. The local who is towing me in his sled told me that I was lucky that this ice was just barely thick enough. If I had come just a week earlier, I wouldn't have been able to ride over the ice. - 15 to 20 years ago. We can freeze already from October all the way to end of June, but nowadays, first maybe February. - [Johnny] Okay, shall we continue? - Yes sir. - [Johnny] Let's do it. We continued on our way and after an hour or so, in the distance, I could see the village that three days ago I set out to find. We pull into the frozen harbor of this village of 200 people. Okay, this is Saattut and I remind myself where I am. I'm on an island, a settlement perched on one of the scattered rocks off Greenland's coast, deep in the Uummannaq Fjord system 450 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle. The amount of time and energy it took to get here was my first lesson about life on the ice. But this was just the beginning. The first thing I want to know about this place is how do they get their food? That's what we will figure out tomorrow morning. I gotta do something really important right now sitting out here in the middle of like this deserted field. But I need to thank today's sponsor who made this really ambitious resource intensive video. Possible thank you NordVPN for sponsoring today's video and for supporting tons of our videos. Like NordVPN has been a supporter of this channel for like years now, and I'm very grateful. But also I like use NordVPN, like I'm using it here on my trip now. Like I connect to the internet via the United States so I can watch all my shows or connect to all my accounts without getting like kicked out because the internet thinks I'm in a different country. When I'm back home and not traveling, I also use NordVPN to connect to the internet via other countries so I can access streaming platforms for better prices, access shows that aren't available in my country. It's just a really cool, simple tool that's just like one click away, it's not complicated at all. You don't need to know anything about how it works to just click a button and be connected to the internet. NordVPN has become much more than a VPN though, they are now a threat protection tool that allows you to surf the internet in a way more secure way. So they have a suite of tools that encrypt your traffic while you're online, that blocks malicious trackers or annoying ads, Basically just makes you much more secure while you're surfing the internet, which more and more these days is necessary. All of this is wrapped up into one really smooth product. So that's NordVPN. There's a link in my description clicking that link helps support this channel. You should go click it, but it'll also gets you in on a really good deal for NordVPN. You can get the two year plan for a really, really good price, as well as a bonus gift that they're gonna throw in. Who doesn't like a good bonus gift, am I right? So go to that link. It's nordvpn.com/JohnnyHarris. Thank you NordVPN for sponsoring this video this adventure, this wild insight into a different world. I'm very grateful for their support. Let's get back to this adventure, there's a lot to see. We are here in Greenland exploring. After my first night in this village called Saattut, I woke up to the dim winter light and could see this place clearly, this is an island, a small one, three times smaller than Central Park. Most of the year it's surrounded by water, reachable by boats from the outside that bring supplies. But during the darkest months, Saattut gets locked in. It is now cut off from shipments from the outside. The ice gives them access to new ways of living new ways of hunting, and that's what I'm gonna see today. We're going hunting with Nikolaj. - A local here who is gonna show us what this looks like. Hello. - Hello. We're having a little pre hunting breakfast here. Wow, amazing. Thank you. Nikolaj and his daughter are about to take us out hunting for the day. He immediately realizes that we're gonna need a couple extra layers to keep these outsiders warm. Now equipped with the adequate insulation for the negative 15 degree weather, Nikolaj and his daughter, were ready to take us out onto the ice. - [Johnny] So are we going to get to the dogs now? - Yes. - [Johnny] Oh great. - To the dogs now. (dogs whining) - So all of these are your dad's dogs? - Yeah. - Your father's dogs. - There are really strict rules about dogs. You can't bring dogs up here of any kind from outside. Only the native sled dogs that have been here for generations are allowed to be up here. And that's because these dogs are a very specific kind of dog that for generations have been a vital part of the survival of these communities in the winter. Putting on the heavy duty stuff here, 'cause we're just out here on the ice all day and it's gets cold. - All right. It's finally time to see how people live out here during the winter. Moving over solid water on dog sleds is what Inuits have done for generations. As I rode with Nikolaj, we couldn't communicate much because of our language barrier, but one thing he made clear is that the ice used to be a lot thicker Ah, that's how thick it was before. The ice was much thicker before but right now, right now, this ice, how thick, like this? - [Johnny] Yeah. Yeah. Today Nikolaj is hunting for seals who are at their plumpest right now. And thanks to the winter ice, Nikolaj can set up net traps around the edges of giant icebergs where he knows the seals will swim. - It's been a very important thing to survive during the harsh winter. - [Johnny] Yeah. - [Mark] Ah, there's a seal right there. - [Johnny] I see it. I see the seal. - [Johnny] So we got a seal using an old Inuit trapping method in hunting grounds that are only available for a few months outta the year. The same hunting grounds were not long ago, another seal was caught and turned into food and clothes. - [Johnny] So your pants are made out of this. The seal, the same type of seal that came from this type of trap. - [John] Wow. Are they warm? - Yeah, so yeah, really warm. - [Johnny] I was surprised to see Nikolaj started burying the seal in snow. - [Johnny] And this is where I realized how much Nikolaj and I thought very differently about ice. - [Johnny] As we headed to another seal trap, I thought a lot about ice. For me, ice is just frozen water that allows me to cool down a drink or ski down a mountain. But for Nikolaj and his community, ice is infinitely more important. What's he doing here? - We're moving small powder of snow to make it clear so he can see. - [Johnny] The way that he handled the ice, used it as an anchor, cut it, shaped it, the number of nuanced statements he made about the ice's behavior. - [Johnny] We get to our next seal hole and Nikolaj quickly deduces what's happening under the frozen surface, just from a few hits with his shovel. - [Johnny] We dig, despite the extra layers of ice that Nikolaj somehow senses. - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I see it. - [Johnny] And eventually we make it through, another seal, maybe a pair of gloves. With a long glance into the distance, Nikolaj then tells us that our time is limited. But with a couple hours before the blizzard comes, we head to another island to look for ptarmigan. An arctic bird that is a delicious staple during the winter. During the hunting, we interacted with a lot of what looks like a bunch of ice and snow. But for Nikolaj, his daughter and their community, this scene is actually full of dozens of types of ice. Each of them with their own behavior, their own purpose. Sea ice itself is its own category with its own set of words. Thin sea ice is different than thick sea ice. The ice around an iceberg that Nikolaj was studying is also its own category, its own word. There's a distinct word for this ice hole and a verb that means to chip away at the ice that formed in this hole overnight. This ice chunk anchoring Nikolaj's rope has its own word as well. There's a different word for flat ice and newly formed ice. Uneven ice and old ice, inland ice, fresh water ice, slushy ice. There's even a word for the deep sound that ice makes when it moves and cracks. The word for cracked ice is distinctly different than the word for the actual cracks themselves which is also different from the verb from moving through a narrow passage of cracked sea ice in a boat. There's a word for this, the edge where the ice ends and the water begins. There's even a word for the crusty sharp ice that forms on top of snow. And a word for the water created when snow melts on top of sea ice and I could go on. I'm learning a lot about the behavior of ice. Had no idea how complex it was. This rich vocabulary is an indication of how alive this ice is for these communities. It moves and creeks, it comes and goes. It provides the ground to find food and then it takes it away. Learning to speak the language of the ice is a must for a community like this. I'm struck by how he's able to navigate out here. Like these icebergs are not the same ones that were here last season. They're changing every day. - Sometimes they tilt and float and move and yet they've memorized this space just for this season. We made it to the ptarmigan Island and stopped for lunch. It's a fact of the world that when you're cold and outside, everything tastes better. I'm eating tea and a poppy seed roll. It's effectively the best meal I've ever had in my entire life. Before heading up the hill, Nikolaj had to show me his harpoon, the one he uses to catch whales. - This has been used for hundreds of years. - [Johnny] We spent no less than two hours climbing this island looking for ptarmigan. - Nikolaj casually turned to us and let us know that this was actually an Inuit burial ground. This is where his ancestors are. All right, he's going in for the kill. (gun firing) - [Johnny] We had a few close calls with the ptarmigan but in the end, no luck. - No luck, we're heading back to the village with no birds but two seals. So we headed back to the sled and soon we were gliding over the sea again back to the village before the blizzard could fully hit. Nikolaj invited me to his home where I met his wife, Anna Sophia. They fed me their favorite food from the sea. - Yes, I'm now eating narwhal, the majestic arctic whale that I honestly thought was a make believe character up until a few years ago. Did you catch this narwhal or did you buy, you bought this narwhal from someone else in the village. - [Mark] They caught it themself. - You caught this narwhal yourself? - And soon we were over in the TV room, looking at the tusk from the narwhal we were eating. So it was a big, big narwhal. - [Mark] It was big. Yeah. - [Johnny] So dinner consisted mostly of narwhal meat, narwhal ribs. - [Mark] How is it? - It's good, yeah. It's very salty. And the delicacy of narwhals skin and blubber which is cubed and eaten raw, sometimes with soy sauce. Here we go. Whoa. All of this accompanied with fresh water from an iceberg. This is melted iceberg. - [Mark] So it's from the Inland's ice from Greenland. So you are drinking a glacier. - Oh, lovely. - It's really good, and to be clear, I wasn't just saying this to be polite. Raw whale skin is objectively delicious. - [Johnny] Now, I understand. - [Johnny] I had come here thinking that this community had no other choice but to hunt during the cold winter. And while they are more limited to their access to the outside world during these months, this conversation taught me that they don't just hunt for survival, they hunt because this food, this tradition of being out there on the ice, connected to this volatile weather, it's part of what gives their lives meaning, it's part of their identity. - [Johnny] After finishing up with the narwhal and seeing more seal clothing, I asked something that had been on my mind for a while, which is, how much longer could this small island and all of its traditions survive, especially with the powerful forces of modernization luring people to the big cities? Do you think some of the traditional practices of hunting and Inuit culture will continue, will still be here in 50 years, even with all the modernization? - [Johnny] Nikolaj and Anna Sophia have three daughters, and they are the ones that will ultimately answer this question. Their oldest daughter, who's 19 has already made up her mind. So yeah, I'm curious what your thoughts are about moving away from Saattut. You said you didn't wanna leave. - In my future, I want to be a fisherman like my father. - [Johnny] You do? - Ah, wow. And what about your other sisters? Are they, do you think they'll be fishermen too or? - No. - No. They don't want to. - Yes, when I ask my little sister, she said, "Hell no." - Oh man, so she won't be in Saattut, she'll maybe live in Nuuk or something. - [Daughter] Yes. - [Daughter] Like she want to be a nurse. So she want to be. - I left Saattut with much more clarity on what life in a small Arctic village looks like. How they do it, why they stay and why some are leaving, Greenland's capital, Nuuk, is further south, it's a less extreme climate and it offers convenience and work. Work that doesn't involve breaking into ice looking for seals or stocking birds up a mountain. One that is not based nearly as much on ice that is getting thinner and thinner every year. And yet, if I learned anything from hunting on the sea ice with Nikolaj and his daughter, it was that these activities were so much more than just a means for survival, the ice, the dogs, the traipsing around a snowy mountain where your ancestors are buried, looking for an arctic bird. This isn't about efficiency or convenience, it's about connection, it's about meaning and tradition. It's identity unlike anything I can relate to. But it's an identity that continues to be chipped away at and threatened by all of these forces from the outside world. But this tension is not new to Greenlanders. They've been experiencing some version of outside forces threatening their culture for a really long time. For a long time it was the Danes, the colonizers here on Greenland who came in looking to exploit this land and to modernize and industrialize this place. And with them they brought disparity, economy, industrialization, new forms of development, income but in exchange, they brought with them an attempt to eradicate the culture here, forcibly shutting down some of these settlements, pushing the people into bigger population centers so that they could work in fisheries and factories, sterilizing the culture and even trying to thin the population. Forcibly stripping away any population from their land and then separating them from their friends and family would take a toll on any people but for a culture so rooted in their natural environment, this rapid assimilation effort from the Danes has taken a particularly harsh toll on Greenlandic people - Very, very fast assimilation that a lot of people lose their identity. That was a mental violence. So many of them just chose to become alcoholic, to forget their problems. - As I moved south, I met up with Pauline a therapist who sees the effects of this every day. - And those problems from back then continued to many generations. Many of them had no opportunity to heal their trauma. Even the grandchildren of the people who were forced to move commit suicide and have alcohol problems. - [Johnny] Greenland has the highest suicide rate of any place on earth. Alcoholism is a major problem. - [Johnny] And yet there's hope in this story. After decades of cultural cleansing and forced assimilation, Greenlanders have been fighting back to regain their autonomy, to regain their culture. Over the decades, their political system has broken further and further away from Denmarks to where they now govern themselves. And Greenlandic culture, once on the brink of extinction is coming back. - [Johnny] To see what this looks like, I headed south, on a layover in one small village, I found a moment to head down to the ice to meet up with a group of ladies who love cold water as much as I do. Good morning. - Woo, feels amazing, yeah. I'm awake. (laughing) Thank you so much. Thank you. Have a good rest of your day. I got to Nuuk and met up with Qupanuk, a mining engineer that the world knows better as the creator of Q's Greenland, where she shares Greenland with the world in the most amazing way. - [Q] All these buildings here are anew. They weren't there for like three years ago. - The first thing you notice when you get to Nuuk is how many cranes there are. Okay, so this is definitely not the sleepy little town that I was expecting, this place is big and it is growing. Everywhere I looked, there's a freaking crane. As Q drove me around, we caught a glimpse of these massive apartment blocks, physical symbols of Greenland's colonial past. - [Q] That they are from the fifties, sixties back then when they closed down small villages and forced people to move to town. - [Johnny] Whoa. - [Q] So they're forced to move into those buildings here. - [Q] Yeah, that was the colonization. - [Johnny] Yes. Yes. - [Q] Big part of it. Yeah, to this is the future Nuuk, biggest school in Greenland. So it's gonna. - [Johnny] The cranes, the apartment blocks, this town of 20,000 people. with all of this rapid development seemed like a place where Greenlandic culture goes to wither away, to be replaced with supermarkets, shopping malls, cars and convenience. - So it's crazy how much construction they're doing right now. - [Johnny] This is likely where Nikolaj's middle daughter will end up, far from home and seemingly far from her culture, from the seal pants, the days out on the ice, the dogs, the narwhal, at least that's what I thought. But after spending a day with Q, I learned that I was wrong. - I'm hoping to buy the fresh seal meat at the market. - So we can have it for dinner tonight. - [Johnny] Okay. - First stop in Nuuk, the butcher. I know what it's like to go hunting for seal kind of. So it's pretty cool that even here in the city, they're doing this. Soon we were on the outskirts of town and I was learning just how alive Greenlandic culture was here. - So we could actually just hike from my backyard and then go out and then we'll be able to find ptarmigan. - [Johnny] Do people still go out and hunt, even though they could go to the grocery store and it's so much easier. - We do it to get extra special food. - [Johnny] Why do you do it? Go out, do all the effort to get special food? - Because it tastes really good. It's different. It's fresh. - It's your, like the feeling of self providing is so amazing. It's like a must. - We can't live without it. - You can't live without it. Here it was again, that same sentiment that I heard around the dinner table in that tiny village. There's truly no need to hunt here. And yet the people here still do. Do you think that with all this modernization, there's a feeling or worry that it's gonna dilute or- - I'm not worried about the remote places, like the small places, I'm definitely not worried about them. I can be worried about, like my children wouldn't learn how to go hunting, fishing and all that but I make sure that they do. They get to try it and all of that. We are becoming more and more proud of who we are, how important it is to keep our own language and all of that. - So I think it's just like tracing it back. - Yeah. Yeah. And are you consciously doing that with your kids? Are you- - Yes, yes, yes, yes. - In what ways? - So we only speak Greenlandic to them, so we are making sure that they are fully Greenlandic speaking and we have these great abilities that we should be much more proud about. - Absolutely. That Nikolaj was and his daughter, his daughter who's like on Instagram and Facebook and has an Apple watch but then is out there with the sled dogs. And when I came here I sort of thought it was one or the other, you either choose modernization or you choose Greenlandic culture. - Oh, no, no, no, it's both, the same time. - Yeah, yeah. You can have both. - [Johnny] You can have both. - So no, Nuuk is not the place where Greenlandic culture goes to wither, at least not for now. Greenlanders like Q, live modern, connected lives and yet they retain their connection to the land, the animals, the plants, and the ice that has provided for their ancestors for centuries. - Hello, how's it going? - [Host] Hello. - That night I ended up at Q's house where I met her family and watched as she made soup from that fresh seal we bought earlier that day. Another meal made possible by the sea ice. Oh my goodness. That is so good. - [Host] Is it good? - Yes. So good. I like seal. I came here trying to understand how people survive in remote villages during the winter but in the process, I learned several unexpected lessons. Lessons about identity and meaning that comes from old practices, lessons about the complicated nature of modernization and the poison of forced assimilation. And I left feeling grateful for the people who let me into their world. One so different than anything I'm familiar with, showing me that some traditions are too strong, too valuable to be wiped away by modern conveniences.

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnnyharris [357 likes]: Exclusive! Grab the NordVPN deal ➼ https://nordvpn.com/johnnyharris. Try it risk-free now with a 30-day money-back guarantee - plus four extra months!
  2. @sunnydavis9850 [1 likes]: I’m kinda disappointed they didn’t ask how they killed the narwhal :/
  3. @FullPerspective [1 likes]: Seems like the people of Greenland is doing better than the Native Americans in reservations in the US.
  4. @karlangas000: Your work is a gift to the world. This was amazing.
  5. @a.ml.t.9289: So sad poor seals
  6. @drix4275: I know the need for dramatization everything comes from content creation being a living, but I live in cultural northern Greenland, and we live in European-type houses that keep us warm. You presented upper-northern Greenland as if we only hunt and fish to survive. That was pretty much it 100 years ago, but modern Greenland is pretty much European in way of life. Majority of us haven't even hunted in recent times.
  7. @signeasblom8482: The greenlandic language is very beautiful. A polysynthetic language. Not at all in family with european languages. You have to been raced  up with it as a child to be able to talk it and understand it fully. Very interesting and wonderful language...
  8. @josepherlinger4416: The shot from 4:07 to 4:09 was extremely cool
  9. @orvilleneilautida3777: What money can do.
  10. @19dines77: Oil is the reason to get heat on the houses. there are no trees. without oil these small villages will close down. We need Oil.
  11. @DannChamberlain-o9n: This is an awesome, AWESOME  video. Educational and fascinating.  There is no question this video was made with great difficulty but rewarding at the same time. Thank you for bringing this to us.
Dann. USA.
  12. @Dan-ri1us: Is there no need to hunt or no need to buy food at a mall?
  13. @leeroyjenkins4477: imagine an european woman would be like her in 33:00min , what a womann, what a country, what a tradition, what a documentary <3
  14. @Nconnor1994: I was just smiling throughout this whole video. Beautiful.
  15. @matchoerun6286: Wonderful landscape. 
Beautiful panoramas. 
What's the easiest way to go  there?
  16. @Unavailableish: Tak for en amazing video! Greetings og kærlighed fra en dansk 🇩🇰 fan
  17. @the_director_001: I'll bet you had NO idea when you made this video 2 years ago, how BIG it would become....Nice Job Johnny!
  18. @jamessparden: Winter is Coming
  19. @NatalieC-mr3qd: this is such an incredible video
  20. @ShihTzu_Puppies: Watching from Toronto where is currently -35 Celsius

- The Story of Conrad Hawkins: Kind: captions Language: en mom safe mode doesn't order [Music] you're cheating the rule is one foot on the ground at all times I'm pretty sure it did I'm positive you didn't see your chest name he started his interns on Monday great just what we need a new batch of arrogant know-it-all interns so you can help me or you get out of my way be careful Hawkins you're gonna need whenever you're free Friday the miscarriage is not your fault there is nothing anyone could have done these things they just happen what would you have wanted to do yesterday it's not the first time I've seen you lose it like that what are we doing let's get out of here I'm fine you are not fine like okay I will reacted but you you're doing the same thing right now the way that you handle things scares me that's not fair Afghanistan losing the baby oh no you need to hear it because that's the truth if you bottle everything up inside it you never know what you're thinking I never know what you're feeling and now this dragging some guy into a bathroom because some bomb goes off in you and I can't see it coming this is not normal foreign Dr Conrad Hawkins everything you thought you knew about medicine is wrong I need a new Resident mine's impossible Conrad what go ahead and learn it's the guy who tightens no Gamers no Slackers no doctors it's pretty clear what did you do this time tell me about the new admission alopecia discoid rash Rising urea nitrogen lupus do whatever literally means a lot to all of us she's been in and out of the ER so often we're all invested but if you screw this one up I will wreck you I got it conrady's dead what the hell happened oh that happened what is this done for hands of death and destruction you're kidding you need to consider a change before you kill any more patients how dare you all we want to do is help our patients but what they don't teach us in medical schools there are so many ways to do harm the best five she had cancer she died from me not the cancer if it were easy everyone would be a doctor because this is the best job in the world despite everything because of everything ah when I was about your age I was driving with my dad Guyana moped swerved in front of us right into the path of an oncoming car a woman in the car behind us jumped out and she worked on that kid until the ambulance came this incredible woman had the ability to Save a Life right in front of me and I knew in that moment that I wanted to be a person who could jump out of the car to help people do I have your heart always your patient's heart will be with you every step of the way Michael surgery was canceled I can't do that yes they can there's nothing you can do says who really speak your mind it's just it's a juvenile habit eyes no one's ever looked at me it's not your fault it feels like it is God I love when you believe in me I never stopped believing in you where's my Miracle Dr Hawkins I'll find her two patients are getting organs two lives saved you don't have the right to play God Conrad I was a corpsman memories Jude was a base surgeon we tried to save lives not take them it doesn't matter whether they eat lobster or roadkill I take care of them I forgot to tell you I saw Lily earlier she didn't look good we do the best we can as often as we can but we can't save everyone it's about your boy Conrad well he's taking things hard if he doesn't start to choose his battles it's gonna burn out it's not my boy we so damn happy about it because I know exactly where I'm supposed to be tomorrow and it's that fast you need to learn how to do one of the hardest things we have to do as doctors I'm counting on you I'm here Lily and I'm gonna take care of this it's a case that will inspire you it will touch you and make you believe again like you said I was gonna get the best he is the best yes and talk about our lives not a sign of weakness you got that right my parents split my dad kept me from my mom and then she passed away you know that if you're looking for approval you chose the wrong path in life do your job you do it well and that's it what are you doing here I came to see you I was hoping that time and maturity would open the doors for us starting over look at the industry you work in I help sick people and while I'm at it I fight corruption and train doctors to do the same you found me I wasn't looking for you ouch I'm trying to help the patient and why don't you try actually listening to him patience words over tests ninety percent of the time they give you the answers you need you know one of these days you'll need to play God with the rules that's going to cost the patient their life Conrad I am trying I'll see you later hey talk to me you told me repeatedly that this thing was over between us I just didn't want to hear it I think she's worth fighting for it that's not me okay so in the future just so I'm clearing these tumor board meetings we don't factor in what the patient wants I look forward to the day when you're proud to be a doctor I think he still loves you Nick you need to decide if you're still in love with him what would you do if you were me I wouldn't want to spend the time I have left at Dr Hunter's Clinic I want to spend every minute I have left with her Dr Lane Hunter tell me everything with Devon's parents thank you for everything you've done for us though should be very proud of you any progress missing a puzzle piece I just don't know what it is maybe that was a good time to ask him to open their checkbook that's not always about the money was it been like 10 years Conrad was my fiance can we talk about this you mean the fact that there's this whole other part of your life that you never mentioned nope not my business Nick both came from broken families you always wanted kids of your own so happy for you she left me after I punched my father in the nose at the rehearsal dinner wow I told Catherine I didn't really love her and the marriage was going to be a disaster so I decked them I care about her very much and I want to fix her and lose our careers will be over I can't believe you're worried about your career right now Conrad is so different he's so um gentle that is because you're as patient belong to his mother he loved her very much he must mean a great deal to him if he gave it to him she said give it to the love of your life you want it back no you earned it two women left me for the same reasons you deserve Nick you can hear what I can you're a rank amateur who deludes himself that he's learned to play the game but you just break things and I was going to catch up with you in the end yeah stay with me time of death about the effect on doctors when they have to watch their patients suffer I already got my residency Internal Medicine I was just headed up to the forest I'm so proud of you you're hurt I feel running it's no big deal he's punishing himself he'll keep walking on it until it snaps I've had dementia patients more rational than you the only thing any of us can hope for is the good we do for out raise the harm there are some memories we're kind of scared you would have let me do this this morning nurse Nevin was making some mistakes no she doesn't make mistakes she catches them that's why she was the first one to see what Lane has been doing what do you think Lane has been doing overdosing patients with chemo discharging patients too soon Conrad Lane totally threw her under the bus if you don't open your eyes to the truth hold on tight because this entire hospital will come crashing down on all of us you know doctors think the patients are theirs but they're not for hours Lily Kendall was my patient and I did not you come at me like that again Dr Hawkins and I'll have you selling Orthotics out of your car I will end you this isn't over yet what do you think you think how sorry is you won't have time to kill any more people in the alarms it's about pyramid time to fix your face you're smiling keep me out of it are you in do I have a choice no you don't love being a doctor so go get out of this place and find what you do love what's going on my sisters of Narcan nice to see you two are happening again last time you had a simple carb it's been a minute it's burning Atlanta Detention Center you almost died last night you care now family you're still just oh I'm here right now and I'm not even without you he's going through a heart is she okay she will be here in a few hours what are you gonna do rob a bank stay safe Nikola Nevin's bail has Ruth is going to come out Dr Bill you called the FBI this is a new beginning between us so worst case scenario is happening now right now this isn't your fault but if you cut and he dies it's on you don't risk it he was bleeding out he had seconds what is it with you two sticking your necks out for some patient you just met a few hours ago Duty time to grow up be a role model Peter Conrad no residents are on the front line of patient care I want my son's input what would you do first to improve the hospital easy without problematic stuff starting with a resident who breaks the rules when every damn woman pleases Excellence comes from the top down you're gonna have to learn to work together your complication rates are through the roof can you do this procedure safely I can do it flawlessly and it's not your call hey no dad technically the hospital is a non-profit in order to keep our tax exempt status we're supposed to have programs to benefit the community what are we doing now nothing what about an outpatient clinic for the uninsured with community outreach I used to volunteer for one run by Partners in Health in Boston we'd love to start something like that here could have helped Abby we missed that chance we can't miss chances like that again maybe things will be different our level one trauma center and we can't get a bag of salt water where you going speak truth to power your father invests in company who makes his money and then he moves on leaving Scorchers behind I can handle you father holding on to a honeymoon or maybe the universe should have been a marriage John says he's changed he's given the benefit of them we went through so much things changed I'm not sure that people can we broke up because we had issues your dad came back I got arrested if those things didn't happen do you think we'd be back together ah yes and you got a choice to make you do what bill says and save your job or stand up for your principles risk getting fired that's not the answer I was looking for that's all they got I hope it'll be different it will be because I'll be different do the work get the help you make me want to be a better person that's one of the reasons why I love you but if this is gonna work you need to believe it too and you better open your eyes he's certainly here to Scorch the Earth but trust me he'll be sticking around to make a mint off the carbon he creates I want people to believe I've changed I need to consider maybe you are too you're a lot more likely than you realize I love you too I do think it'll be different this time oh good we can use some extra hands sorry but I am here for this guy let's go patients need to be able to see what's their only recourse for medical error last year I went to Rwanda to volunteer with partners and out that's the kind of vacation I like you're great I'll never make it state your name for the record Dr Conrad Hawkins this lawsuit could end your career you could even be found personally liable and the hospital won't stand by you not everyone at Chastain is on your side but you are yes I have to tell the truth no matter what then you'll lose baby every day doctors make decisions sometimes they're hard sometimes are easy but this is one of the easy ones I broke a rule to Save a Life and if I hadn't he'd be dead so the next time someone saves your life just say thank you he's asking for the cool doctor with the tattoos I'm on it don't do that been clear for two years now he's got a low grade fever and a cough I saw a yellow you okay if I ain't tell a mother or child is dying Jasper can't be cured but what you is you can focus on the quality of life he has left I don't want it last longest to be torturing either to you I need you both of you I'm your Jasper I'm right here I miss this moment go ahead tell me to go home that there's nothing wrong with me it's exactly what the other three doctors said actually women under 35 are the most misdiagnosed subset of patients in the country so no I don't want to tell you that oh that's an incidental number it's a benign girl it's not there it could be something that explains everything is it gonna be okay yes I'm not exactly sitting across from an open book you left home and didn't tell me where you were for 10 years I had to hire a private investigator to track you down the fox is guarding the hen house can't wait we have tag now my mom died from a bad judgment call we need to be certain you know that's not possible if you have something you need to say to Jesse I hate waking up and not having you next to me you're getting pretty involved with this family we have a new VNS device designed for cases exactly like your son's CNS devices are a last resort I strongly recommend you do not go down this path for the VNS ultimately this is your call I think it's supposed to finish this moment oh why didn't you tell me why would I bother my son uh wild guess because I'm a doctor it's under control you do not have to take care of me that's what I do dad I barely know my father well maybe you should fix that you mentioned before about your mother that she left you and that's not how I remember it she was a good woman and a great mother and I should have made her my priority and you as well I'm glad you came and then I love you you don't want kids it's this one you have a child my sister Jesse Conrad I left him all alone with Belle hey don't go there sorry I wasn't here it's taking away not this time we know we're going up against Goliath and it's true oh we got the slingshot but we have damn good aim she's been trying to advocate for herself all along she's not alone anymore and you're not alone either intern class photo and you hate that white coat yep the Bradley Bradley Bradley more overnight bags our own place raise chickens chickens what yeah why not let's check this I think I just need a minute I guess big decision looks like I'm not so good at this relationship thing not so sure I am either you better tighten it up Nick's a catch she's a gem don't let that one go doing my best ass is off the table I let it go you did what yeah it didn't feel right I just I spend so much of my time trying to figure it out what to tell patients trying to alleviate their fears before and after the diagnosis to protect them sometimes Our Truth is just the best thing for everyone so that was a project for you and now it's finished that's my fear that's my diagnosis true all right I shouldn't have come here tell me I'm wrong tell me I'm right either way just open up like you asked me to do and I will when I'm ready when I figured some things out opioids can cause Euphoria it's just you being tested we were taking a really big risk here but we're gonna try to save this life how did you get every reservation on Valentine's Happy Valentine's Day I love you happy valence and when one couldn't leave his world the other found a way to make it better than reality there's anything you taught me everything tastes better in a wine glass that's a good question I don't know don't you love them yeah yeah I do very much God's name is happening it's a VNS just ain't cannot continue to be in business with this company Randolph did the right thing well he'll turn on a dime whenever it suits him we can't count under anything all you have to do is tell the truth about what happened of course he said you were one real pain in the ass taking pain they asked me to get things done when Randolph was young he was a lot like you this place has a way of changing People change YouTube you need to speak out where people will die if you don't I signed already Mina said you're storming the castle we're going you know running out of time I know I figured you'd be halfway to Corvallis by now you can't leave I got critical patience got him rad ar oh okay so I didn't realize that I did today we don't coerce patients into treatments at home even if it's for the wrong good and they don't understand what they're choosing are you sure you were a medic in Afghanistan oh I know who I am question answer were you tell what's going on I'm leaving Chastain leaving I want to use my vast resources to change the medical industry for the better but you can do that here part of me just feels like he's leaving you again I'm leaving town I'm not leaving your life your daughter is the best thing that's ever happened myself words that were never said will finally be spoken Donna explicitly decided to be DNR I have to uphold that and I believe we should uphold the wishes that she made clear to me I hear you and as painful as this is for both of us I believe that we have to uphold the written directive I made the call 30 years I've needed to say something to you go to hell I don't want us to regret the things we haven't said I love you too I know to keep moving forward there's a mountain we'll climate if there is I want it I don't do is stay in the same place I'd marry you Nick but I don't ask because you don't even want to live together why is making more of a commitment to me a bird and I am here to help I'm putting down boundaries can't go forward if we don't have the same level of commitment and we don't you know what this feels like emotional blackmail I don't move in with you so you just leave me telling you what I want is emotional blood yeah that's what this feels like okay well then we see this completely differently yeah I think we do if you're not interested in going forward for me it's time to take a step back that's what you want it's not what I want when I go home at night no matter what's going on in my life I want you there you don't feel the same that's the problem but I am here for you we all get wrapped up when we're in a relationship I'm more negative Universal donors here without Nick and eating carbs who are you you're just hanging with my homies how far are you willing to go to save your sister's life what do you like about the 80s nickname it's used to make it my thing going somewhere and they didn't tell you she thinks I can get on the transplant with someplace else I can't only think of one way and they could get a kidney for Jesse right now and it's illegal don't do this are you telling me to give up no I'm not telling you to give up what I'm saying is what you're thinking of doing is awful is it for me and that's the only option and he's I need to be better for her someone that she can look up to or if I've gone through with this Nikki made the right decision what's wrong everything okay can I come in you said you want to move forward in our relationship I want that too I just need just need what do you mean it means I want to start talking about moving in marriage to family all of it you can't push me you can't rush me let me do this at my own pace we both know I really want those chickens [Applause] I can't believe that my kidney is her best option it's her only option anybody need a kidney around here something amen welcome to another rewarding day under the heel of Red Rock Mountain Medical way to smoke ass what oh my God there's a fire the whole place could go up or not hey hey hey Stay With Me I'm glad he's okay he can't stop Stop Loving You life just someone you love has lost theirs I can't let Jesse go without knowing what really happened let's move in together oh I struggled getting my dad a second chance for a lot of reasons but then when I decided to let him in a bit and I discovered some things some good things about him I wanted to know if I could show them up all this corporate eyes medicine profit over patients I guess I just look at it as a different kind of Battlefield one where we need to keep showing up how did you get this place dumb luck or Karma just came back on the market we have chickens wow baby corn dermatized some memories heard that was a hell of a time brother Saints Sinners and everything in between we treat them all it doesn't matter what they've done before they come through our doors do whatever you need to do so I can get what I need that way nobody else has to die Rick I need some help in here what would you do if you couldn't be a doctor we've had five other patients drop dead from Masterpiece just in the past six weeks all dialysis patients Spiro's crew has a hostage you're crossing a line I am doing the most good for the greatest number of people don't do this it has to be done I want no part of it just gotta show people that you're in with the spirits I followed protocols earlier protocol was off and what about your protocol you tortured a patient look I'm grateful for everything you've taught me but there are some lessons that I don't want to learn Connor what's going on I couldn't sleep I can't stop thinking about Jesse he came and play attention these types of drugs can increase the risk of clots hospitals don't like to share data not even with their own staff fresh out we're not but I don't want to be the kind of doctor you are clearly I've been wasting your time Red Rock pharmaceutical company you're going to take these guys on there you go thank you those two seem okay after their men break up breakup's a bit harsh conscious uncoupling they're just not working directly together anymore Like Jesse how's the device company that's never easy to challenge the status quo but you know that yeah so what's going on hopefully nothing I'm just a little concerned about one of the measure hunts I want to check out I missed you too did I tell you Nick and I got chickens you could be fired my sister might have died because of this truck honestly you and Conrad I love you guys but I thought I made myself clear I am not going to be that kind of doctor right now we only have anecdotal evidence that had happened I need access to a large sample of patients and I can't even get the data from this Hospital maybe I can help going to a shareholder meeting I'm hoping they're going to let us take a look at their database for email please and patients you are a rock star s Dr Conrad Hawkins an exclusive with diet cure renal Services would help us all out bottom line if hemopliesin is killing people chest thing can prove it yes welcome back now stay with me I'll let you know the menu all right so everyone listened to the third year resident to follow him anywhere and she dies it's gonna be on you a lot of surgeons with attitudes and even a healthy ego if they put patience first like you do I'm out of mine residents with gojones when you treated like me you just made dangerous it was my job to figure it out maybe we still can now she has a chance tomorrow I'm going to see if I can get this drug pulled off the shelves permanently you know how dangerous that is ruthless they could go after you we need to pull it immediately and more in the FDA so I've looked over the day to Dr Hawkins is right I'm not invincibly enough he's a threat to the hospital maybe he needs family and afraid that is I will be back as soon as I can leave the kitchen for me to climb I'm fine go it's a Peterson's a little time of the day on Thanksgiving oh they just want them forever you know they say the people we love but most are the ones we take care of not take care of us we saved his life that's not what he says you haven't always been on my side I am this time if they find out you'll never practice adjusting again or anywhere else does anyone else know he is our number one diagnostician he's about to become chief resident long-term I guarantee a whistleblower is a liability well then why not just fire him why go through all of them we both know his father's a powerful man it's him or you thanks for having my back how would you describe Dr Hawkins caring smart we heard he can be a rule breaker is that true never seen it it's a fine rule breaker well I saw him cut in line in the cafeteria once you break rules ignore protocol that is who you are and it is wrong a man is alive because of what I did you didn't do it for him you did it for you you're damn right I did professions in Hawkins intern anymore no he requested a new resident and to make a choice he could live with they've decided to depose you now it's not your fault sometimes you have to fight fire with fire Kevin has to do what he feels is right no matter the consequences so I'm gonna try to teach you this man is alive today because of Dr Hawkins these patients need you but I had to make a decision I could live with uh you know and I are very perspective me too and I think this Hospital needs doctors like both of us there's a bloodbath coming Conrad still has a Target on his back 12 more hours you'll be free I will never Escape you but you're going to be chief resident oh yeah good point I'm trying to treat yourself sometimes to do right you can't follow the rules I'm not an intern anymore was Tyler's overdose a suicide attempt absolutely not that first day you told me go be a doctor or go be something else and you said this is the best job in the world despite everything what a privilege it is to be a part of it have you been buying my lunch this whole time yeah something my resident did for me it's a tradition you just pay it forward do the same for your Mentor I want you to know that I do know wow did you say yes oh she will you guys are inevitable no I know I feel about Enigma that's never changed never will change he's everything you talk to someone about why you tried to take your own life to make sure it doesn't happen again let's welcome our new chief resident Dr Conrad Hawkins we'll see if you're all still clapping for me when I'm busting your asses first thing in the morning you're fired I blew to my phone a bad drug and you're afraid for your bottom line you're afraid of me we should be 10 minutes professional and if the diagnosis isn't obvious and it takes over 10 minutes if it were easy everyone would be a doctor because this is the best job in the world despite everything because of everything I'm gone a matter of weeks you're in the servants quarters and my son one of the best doctors at Chastain is fire baby you should have seen your face you okay man I mean really so happy if I can't be a doctor anymore whatever that version of me looks like there's no way Nick deserves that go kick some Red Rock ass you're gonna have to bring more than a slingshot to this fight it's gonna get ugly Red Rock came from me now I'm coming from now you know we have to take this from here right hey we got I promise you know what Red Rock did to you is not you know they haven't treated you so well either I'm going to do for you Archer is my patient I'm not even allowed to see him nothing's feeling that way but don't die had a long distance relationship or about being the doctor this is what it's gone through no it hasn't but he won't listen so I asked Reggie if you know a doctor who could give me a second opinion nice as it is to see you Conrad Logan Kim isn't gonna like that you're here I know friend of the patient that's not against Hospital policy Bill Landry is the richest man in Georgia and in one morning you have him pissed off at Chastain if you so much as lay a finger on Dax Ramsay I'll have you thrown out and sued if I knew it was you on the other end of the page I would have rallied the troops stick up the alarm called the band and you just say it's good to see him and be done with it thank you no problem I never thought I'd say these words I know they look you know I dig that look it's been an acquired taste for me okay you're just gonna give up I'm out of options I'm sorry uh I'm looking for the table with Conrad Hawkins come on you're always telling us to fight you are the guy that pulls Hail Mary's out of nowhere I know what's wrong with Dex my players are like family to me and this has shown me that my family needs a doctor I'd like the doctor to be you [Laughter] I've just been hired as a new team doctor for Georgia FC physical therapy medical test referrals orthopedic surgery it's the chief resident and do whatever I think is best for my patients here at just we still have a lot of work to do like ousting our corporate overlords this won't be an easy task true but we will get it done here's to another day in the Trashy back at Chastity I know it's only one day and we have so many more to come you miss all this you have no idea don't fly too close to the Sun on your first day back they could use a little Sun in our 20 years of marriage we've never spent a night apart I just want to say thank you for never doubting that that would be okay and for helping me helping me fly my way back here go do your one job so my patient doesn't die so what's your plan yeah re-examined head to toe rerun Labs get to the bottom of us they took your head you figured out how to grow another one but don't think for a second they're not looking for any reason bringing ax down again be careful 20 years together never spent a single night apart that is amazing I just I'd like you to re-examine all three did a very thorough lookup detail history you have a way of seeing what other doctors Miss he is looking for a way out maybe I know that he had your back when you got fired but the man is gone from the CEO and chief of surgery to the basement how long until he goes back to being the guy that I would do anything to save his own skin I say we give him the benefit of the doubt let's just try and make sure nobody else dies I still think we're missing something uncertain he's part of the job and I won't tell you who taught me that but he seems to have forgotten as for the staff I need you to give notice to the residents I have less word at every single Hospital across the state to try and get you transferred I can't make any promises but I'll pull her in favor I can I came up with some of these OB interns for men's School these are good doctors good people and chief residency all right but if you're not fist bumping in a half hour I'm calling it okay all right enough of that it is like a fairytale are we the fairy tale type Conrad has this I wasn't but you make me buggy after everything that's happened this year I know that together we can get through anything I was talking to my accountant and she give me some really good reasons as to why we should probably just get married what I reject your proposal you reject it yes matters is that we Belong Together are you proposing to me now what do you think I'm saying all this lovey-dovey stuff why do you think I've been carrying this thing around in my pocket for weeks Marie Nevin will you move on I have never been so sure of anything in my life before we're gonna start telling everyone we're engaged huh you'll send a residence they're just barely real doctor this is a teaching Hospital residents are very qualified good morning I'm Dr Conrad Hawkins real doctor thank you for being here Conrad your family of course you've caused harm you've made mistakes I don't willfully endanger my patients I've become accustomed to a particularly heavy look of yours today something's different yeah yeah it is today in order to protect my patients I had to become part of the system I've been fighting I've been paying attention and I see you're the makings of a true Rainmaker we need passion heroism a doctor who fights for patients military hero turned whistleblower we all know how you love those your inspiring story comes free and clear our future is brighter with Conrad Hawkins front and center and that's how I frame it to the board later this afternoon if you really want to change things around here this is an opportunity to gain some real power and influence never lose sight of your ideals because once that happens the steps aren't many to the dark side trust me I know look who it is the new face of the hospital not that's barricane's mug still up there Randolph Bell barricade and then Conrad Hawkins hard pass thank you very much some days will be over we will have a beautiful wedding five of the same masks can you check my seal seals holding work from home hear my voice this is me not happy with you you need to solve this issue from home as soon as I'm finished here hello we're sending our soldiers to face the enemy without any armor I feel your frustration I do my frustration once you once you come down to my ER and share my frustration instead of sitting in your Ivory Tower doing nothing and let us fight for you guys all hell breaks loose you find out what people are made of as happy as I've ever been married my soulmate you're about to be Mrs Conrad Hawkins we both should have better taste sure you're about to be Mr nicknam slightly different guy than that jerk you met your first day of residency you were just doing your job the wrong way you must have done something right he turned into a damn fine doctor how is your mom doing they were married 41 years I was hoping for blue wildflowers it's the only thing that could have separated them that first date we had hiking in Sweetwater flowers I picked for you that day blue wildflowers we are all gathered here today to celebrate the union of these two people we love Conrad and I wanted to take a moment to remember some friends that are missing here today we also want to send love to our dear friend Devin who is to be my best man it's on his way to his dad's memorial right now thank you for stepping in as my best man I love you I love you I promise you'll never lose me this is forever I love you deeply I mean you're my rock when I get fired you push me to forgive my father you give me chickens matters is that we just keep trying to make each other better sounds to me like you take each other as lawfully wedded husband and wife we do by the way your husband over here kicked out on her wow husband I don't know that I'll ever get used to that I know what I stand for I know what I'm fighting for you could have actually done some good here you could have stood with me hang on tight Dr Hawkins It's Gonna Get even uglier around here I'm pregnant oh my God you're gonna be the best mother ever our kid will be kind Brave a baby this is never gonna be the same again no it's not it's gonna be better I may have already ordered a case of non-alcoholic sport I'm excited for you and a few other things like what pregnancy pillow pregnancies last time this time is going to be it's gonna be okay you know that right you can't I had a miscarriage then it was off they're not fine you're grieving you don't need to put a timeline on it getting through it takes as long as it takes let's just talk about how you're feeling I said Fine By definition is a business business or finances your housing Arrangement your professional and biological plans to someone else it makes sense it makes sense if you're in love oh wow it's magical oh look I'm guessing the baby they just got married it's got to be a bit stunging set we wanted you to be the first to know you're having a baby it's a girl you feel about being a grandfather Conrad that is wonderful the girls cry can't wait to see her 15 week old baby Hawkins Nevin it's okay stay with me stay with me how's the baby we don't know yet I'll suggesting was a bodybuilder it's just nothing compared to this all day long we fix people never had a fix thing Nick Nick fixed me right now you are not the husband you are a doctor okay we can figure this out we've eliminated everything in my head but here's what you taught me to find a cure you with the right diagnosis the key to the right diagnosis is a patient's history and the physical exam Maybe rest oh it's okay it's okay first thank you seems like our baby's strong like her you know there's only one person I want to see you know that you agreed to it yeah of course Billy's son most promising neurosurgery resident Chastain or was until she wrecked one of Conrad's patients and got fired Hawkins sudden bet you're thrilled to see me Nick wants you here so I want you and we won't have trouble and maybe for the moment we can put aside all our triggers and just be on the same side you and I will never be on the same side just your clearing me try and give Nick what she needs and then leave as soon as possible let's see the ring look at that rock made it good we have chickens the things we do for love it's wrong I just felt this pain if we do this there's a chance of miscarriage that can't happen I'm sure Nick could take that I'm not sure I could take that this must be awful for you now it's up to our baby girl she's a fighter she'll rally what's going on I think I felt your kick she's moving I'm Gonna Miss Her actually you're not gonna miss her at all because I asked her to stay and take care of you here for the next few weeks I love you too and I love you and who is this guy he's captain and my commanding officer in Afghanistan there isn't okay so the Bullet that you're talking about you think it migrated to another place in his body yeah and I need to help them find it because they got shot saving my life disobeyed an order I didn't really cost my commander and friend his life you know I have some regrets about the way I've treated Conrad he's reached out to me uh over the years but uh I just put like a blockade you know I need this to sink in okay the choice that I made is what we do for each other throw this away because when you toss it I want you to toss away the guilt and the shame anything else that you better at all you know his parents were gonna need to lean on each other in all kinds of different ways me and you this place hasn't been the same without you welcome back to work well our baby girl in these are pretty Nursery right yeah she does he mean it would be a real blow to Justine do a lot of us personally I'm not dead people move away all the time this is not a Hallmark moment no need to get sentimental sometimes when your heart breaks your body does too take it from me even the best laid plans fall apart but the people that love you stick by your side they do and that's a beautiful thing you got one star steer clear of Dr okaforce she told me my uterus sucks you're clear of Dr Okafor she told me my uterus son it did suck it did suck uh we love you I won't ever forget you getting all wet house am I going to get back into the ambulance without her you are when you're ready just one step at a time when she wouldn't want you to stop helping people and let's get the hell out of here another sonogram let me see oh it's like that little potato with fists why don't you come meet us no way Conrad wants you all of his loves them yes I do if it'll be this hard to say no to our daughter I was like yep you were promised a spa day and you will get spotted take care of Nick for me dude in a few hours you'll have a house full of doctors and nurses make hiccups wrong and the party will come to a grinding Hall that's a good point bye my love bye he's for the baby's room so she never forgets her grandmothers who I'm sure would love to see her but I love this world too so they're here with you in spirit you tired a bit why I don't think we're gonna get what are you talking about sweetheart come to the world baby girl who does she look like me it was so brave bringing this baby into the world that's sweet he's lying I begged for drugs it was just too late Georgiana Grace Hawkins named after both of hormones well GG so will you be Godfather or unofficial uncle be great it's gonna impossible fears fears make sure that won't our little angel Georgiana Grace hello Dad hello Dad to you you just joined the best club in the world I think this may be the greatest day of my entire life can't wait to meet my granddaughter I am seeing us with the baby today but it makes me realize I'll never have what you have yesterday was a great day Gigi came into the world we want the Next Generation Gigi's generation to have the best health care for everyone absolutely we have to keep fighting for our patients have you ever seen anything so beautiful in your life first night out since Gigi was born so someone has a little separation in his eye just call if there's anything okay bye same song was playing right here on our first date you don't remember what song was playing on our first date I knew it was new on me what I love since the first moment I saw you and I can't imagine life without you oh I love you about a life insurance person you're not gonna die so certainly old enough that wasn't a statement that was an order you know I don't want to talk about anything happens to me I want you to be deserve happiness and Gigi deserves a father just promise me whoever it is you find somebody who loves you as much as I do I promise it's forever the rooms you know what a lucky man you are to have this little one nowhere exactly how lucky I am I love my girls I just oh who's that who's there is it mommy Conrad Hawkins there's been an accident do we have an ID on the patient Nicolette Nevin we got this you need to come here oh my God I'm so sorry there's nothing to be sorry about Nick is going to be fine does everyone hear that what you want is to direct next care but you cannot you think I'm in denial is the end and I can't even talk to her again make won't recover from this Conrad that's my wife in there Gigi's mother the center of our world we are not giving up on her Nick is gone is it gonna destroy me but I'm gonna do it for Nick Connor I got you once I disconnect the vent we wait eight minutes to see if she breathes she's going to live forever in your heart I'm sorry brain dead the way Nick talks about you she thinks you're a miracle worker you can save everyone in this damn hospital but you won't save her Nick is gone being kept here hooked up like this that was our idea of hell and I'm not going to do that to him I would never forgive you for this well nothing can compare to your pain I hope you know how much we all loved her I do know that if you she helped so many people during her time at Chastain quite miraculous that her life-saving work will continue have to do this right now not until you're ready I don't think I'll ever get ready that's what she wants so this is what I want Roger's your favorite person she's going to save so many lives exactly I'm just wondering if this might be doing any more harm than good something I need to do that what exactly are you looking for I need to know why she crushed if he doesn't find what he wants then what I was hers it was us there was no me now the only thing I recognize about myself is that I'm a doctor burying the unbearable the other side of sadness how to go on living when someone you love dies those books don't have the answer I need when Gigi asked me how her mother died a couple more pieces to complete our puzzle but I promise you I promise you I almost stop until we have all the answers a million things happen every second to every single person on the planet some are joyful most are inconsequential and a few unbearable make peace with that are you perhaps an on-duty physician who should be off are you sure you're ready Conrad no Gigi needed to change well if you get the urge to vote we got you covered sorry what is that which is New Year when the invisible Veil that separates the worlds of the living and dead is at its thinnest and we can connect with those we've lost hey so sorry I missed your call that yoga teacher was a sadist recession destroyed me and I fell asleep I don't know if I got anything from my retreat the pain of missing you and Gigi was more than a mud bath could make a poor I love you both I'll see you soon kiss GG for me okay if you'd seen my bookstore in Inman Park bug Zoo that was it did you did you visit yeah my wife and I went there a lot we first started dating tell me about your wife she died suddenly won't stop and have a daughter she keeps me going I have to keep going for her she's with you she always will be look what mommy did Mommy gets you a costume she's still looking out for you it's someone's bedtime already it's really just a chance for us to quietly reflect on our memories and silence among friends so if you have something you want to say anything ready almost candy will run out if we take too long what candy really run out not a chance what's that on your finger this just scratch them okay I'll get the first day kit there all better are you going to the hospital where Mommy used to work at the hospital anymore we miss you miss you guys too oh enough to come back here now I might sneak back and torture you guys again Conrad knows as long as I'm CEO he always has a place here who's the new attending it was familiar like this in turn I tried to train same bit huh how's that little lady perfect no we had some good times here yeah think about you guys all the time it's actually annoying how much I think about you guys I forgot how much fun you two are when you get together I will keep searching you have a dinner day with a very I remember that look look I get why you left but I just feel like you this is what you were meant to be doing uh I miss it man I do she is the spinning image of Nick GG is my everything just know that you and Nick are every day how was your day daddy long time what do you think I love it but do you love it more than our house way more than our house I'd love to come back that's what we want it's not just child care I need flexibility weekends there's a laundry list of things that we need if there's a hospital out there that wants to do that for you it's this one he's amazing amazing as you touch she said I lost my touch people talk he said don't worry I got your back I need a beer I'm ready I'm ready to suit back up for Chastain welcome back Dr Hawkins I have a GG I have my friends like your son what more can I ask for you tell me we're all gonna die and you find it hard to give her the truth but you did it anyway because the patient is what comes first not us you're a good man Dr pravesh remember that Alex just told me that his mommy is Nurse like my mom again we were a magician no Daddy she's a nurse the same thing little one the nurses are really hovering around Gigi's today huh yeah and you I wonder what that's about well you're a really great diagnostician so I'm sure you'll make sense of it Finley was just filling me in on the adventures of Chastain's most eligible bachelor I'm not ready for it so comfortable all I know is that Nick wouldn't want you to be alone forever you deserve to be happy thank you there's a lot coming from you and who's that who's that that's Mommy I bet you miss her daddy says she watches over us what she said earlier you think I really could go for it Daddy did you forget to go to market I did I am a bad daddy no you're not please let me save you for all the beautiful things you'll never be able to experience again what are we here for anyone else watch people we could save just just die now we're just here to make sure he doesn't die alone do you ever get used to it it never gets easier just it's just different we allowed him to live and die according to his principles and because now we managed to keep our Jewish confidence and passion not nearly enough restraint something's wrong with me and I'm not quite sure what mommy know who's having you Marion I just want to say it again I know it's clear a few miles a lot of places how about you Afghanistan yeah maybe Corman coutures Conrad Kincaid Sullivan Kade to friend info like it's like someone scrubbed her entire internet prisons Carl Hawkins for a console just call them there's no doubt about it she has Nick's heart woman was a recipient of a donor heart and it belonged to Conrad's wife who died in an auto accident three years ago and Nick and Conrad were a great couple true love story that woman has something seriously wrong I'm gonna die who knows how he's going to react yeah how are you holding up keeping perspective the heart is a muscle car is a part of someone we both loved when they came into this Hospital Gravely injured I would have died to save her but I couldn't no one could they know better than anyone there is nothing harder than not being able to deliver a miracle I wasn't sure if I was going to tell you this or my wife was an organ donor and she saved a lot of lies including hers I have a wife's heart hi Mommy my doctor I won't hurt you I want to take care of you I promise hey I know you have a daughter so this is hitting too close to home for you yeah it's close to home but there's nowhere else other than me he's so good with kids ever since he had one of his own he never had a chance yeah no I get that that guy's like a picnic basket filled with cupcakes and ponies and sunbeams if I need help I will ask where are you I'll see you around Hawkins she's already reading that's amazing she got that from her mom you're smiling we started taking the major Ms is not progressing it means you're clear for surgery no I need you and you need you ready to go off at any moments like this she needs to know we're here for I know she's your friend is there anything I can do shut down any rumors you're here around this place you know what I care about you right what is going on here I wish I could tell you Conrad you can Nick wouldn't want you to carry this way alone talk to me it was a me too kind of a thing I'm so sorry but if you're going into battle I want to be your wing man against Dr Billy Sutton go somewhere with me this patient I didn't prescribe these that's not what you do you have to go straight to the FBI you know exactly right now I'm getting 163 antipsychotic prescriptions written in your name in the last two months at six different clinics classic mob operation I don't stay long in one place I like you and I like you but it ends there maybe you should stop running we take care of people you want to take care of me but you can't I feel like a general is sending my soldiers out into the battlefield to face a line of machine guns while I stand in safety my have casualties they also have triumphs do we need to talk about the new era I already have one lady in my life is definitely my greatest achievement so far you got that right then back in the fresh grief of Nick's passing I guess I don't know come with complications yeah and I'm sure they got those complications with Nick yeah but the baggage was mostly mine you know my experience with counseling widowers that guilt and loyalty can toss you back into the original grief you deserve your next great romantic achievement are you okay yeah yeah man it's just watching people fly to the very edge like we're surrounded by loss past present future hours good friends are good in medicine uh was that for him or for you a little bit of both worried about him you fix people people fixing can't you Daddy and GG she wants her mother she can't lose her best friend I want you to know that every second then you're asleep I'm gonna be right here beside you treat him like he's your child what he just said in there won't help Peter keeping your objectivity well you have to is he gonna die like Mommy I'm scared it has your name on it but records show you never treated him because I didn't the overdose from a few weeks ago making bottles of drugs that kill people we got into it a bit today yes we did friends again always I love working with colleagues with strong opinions Daddy Daddy needs a break I'll pick you up and say what about a week what do you saying yeah even though I knew this day was coming it doesn't make it any easier nothing makes us easier it's time to start living your life same could be said of you no okay that's fair yeah but I have a life it's just centered around my daughter there's no way I could help you already have okay gave note is just up and quit are you gonna say goodbye just hold my hand I Don't Wanna Die Alone I know this is nothing like Nick but she's a friend and a colleague that we want to save Situation's got to be a trigger no not even close they've got our Conrad how personal is this Conrad it's personal for all of us that's not what I'm asking are you in love with Kate you put up barriers to protect yourself so did I what are your barriers ah it's obvious it always comes back to Nick something stops me and it's not just with cages it's with others too protecting myself maybe because I can't face another loss like that and do I feel like I'm cheating on Nick I don't know thickening thought given how Nick died it's like he wants to relive what happened to Nick and rewrite the ending okay partner I heard a job interview up in Baltimore today I remember when you were a green story I had intern and you said this job isn't easy that if it were everyone would be a doctor because it is the best job in the world despite everything despite everything because of everything that's still the case say something selfish okay don't break up the team I don't want to trust me oh lately I've been a little disappointed in myself really I'm afraid to do what that kid was willing to do take a big risk for a larger life and now I've gone and fallen for someone don't tell me you're afraid the guy's gonna say no because that seems inconceivable I'm as afraid he'll say yes as I am you'll say no Conrad and Gigi will be lucky then is it that obvious maybe not to Conrad Billy go tell the man how you feel it's a nice new jacket Daddy I had my daughter and I saved me but no matter what I do for the last four years I just can't letting it go forgiveness and acceptance is a beautiful thing I didn't even talk to my father for years I realized their problems are a two-way street game a chance and he was capable of more than I ever could imagine now I couldn't be closer their first day here a lot of memories here maybe it's time to make new memories work helps the journey but it brought me heaven I'm coming sweetheart it's just a dream bad dream do you think this could have anything to do with Nick's death maybe it's possible this is brutal seeing her like this fixing things like this is supposed to be my job hey it's gonna be okay you're a great dad I don't know what I'd do without your support why didn't you tell them that you thought about him maybe I did no because if you did he would be with you right now I doubt that Conrad and I are closer than we've ever been we're best friends it's never too late to win the love of your life back I want you to see something beautiful that you can only see in the dark so hard dealing with all this parenting stuff alone believe me all I keep thinking about is how green Nick would have been at dealing with this you're doing an amazing job Gigi misses you should do something together again soon that's okay I'm sure your weekends are full brought you a fresh one oh no we're good over here thank you it's good being in the trenches with you just the person I was looking for you were Nick's best friend so every time I see you it's like Nick's watching me through you or something I don't know I know that sounds weird seriously you have to let that go it makes me second guess everything I mean Nick approved me with Kade like I said I just want you to be happy so would Nick you know everything I went through and they better than anyone Georgiana Grace Chop Chop we're gonna be late I feel sick not warm talking with hers I stinky have a cold GG and I have a new challenge now she needs some tough love so can you cover for me don't worry man I got you listen we are gonna practice until you can do every single take down in your sleep peace Daddy are you okay yep right I'll get my nurses kit so what you're gonna leave how far do I push before what I thought was helping is actually harming someone sure Assurance thing so what's your gut say doesn't matter if you break some stupid board what matters is that you keep trying kept me better you did it once you do it again I can't say I'm unfamiliar with denial that's the plan none of us are what did you denying I'll never get used to this that's one of the many ways that you are special is daddy gonna get married again oh no he has a girlfriend she's not like my mommy I mean I remember my mommy I wish I remembered her I know it's a lot and you were always there for both of us love you guys I thought you and Billy went home but I am Justin I told myself I was wrong but then I saw you and Billy dancing at the way everyone was dancing together hell I also danced with Conrad and he looked at you like that and the look on your face let me share something that's lost a little confused yeah confused to are you happy yeah we're happy but I'm not confused I want you to be happy losing the thing I'm just doing my best to figure out things as they go I was in that position they asked me about oh Dad oh Dad after this kind of day I just want to get home and hold on to GG until she's 18. nothing really prepared me for how different being a doctor film after having GG I never truly realized how fragile we are until I hold my own flesh and blood in my arms you know you're not really selling the parenthood thing here thing that ever happened to me I am long past the days of letting outside influence dictate the way I do my job I knew that man they wrote about that article and that's not you not now I'm not so sure about that anymore for a number of reasons I trust you in my life after everything we've been through that has to mean something to you because it means something to me we just want to help you yeah well oh they can they can check me out but you you stay the hell away from me last time I saw him was the day Nick died he didn't even come to the funeral he was so angry at me still upset with you five years later figured you'd get in touch if you wanted to see his granddaughter if he didn't even want to see Gigi that's on him Gigi is your grandfather Kyle well you remember Georgiana Grace and everyone says she looks like Nick yeah you can make anything better except your he couldn't save her he tried he misses her so much hey man walked away from you and his only grandchild I forgave him a long time ago get out of my alarm they're still in the hospital number one we have a pair of adult males possibly dates we've seen on the seven floors I don't know maybe I gotta go get GiGi check on Kyle well I hope I can take Billy home that's okay she asked me the driver Conrad's wife Nick Billy Nevin who's Billy's Best Friend whenever he lost her I don't think he ever got past that it's like Nick's watching me through you or something I don't know I know that sounds weird seriously you have to let that go it makes me second guess everything but what you need to know was Conrad and Billy love each other my first guy to hear you asked where home is here's your answer Nick would have been proud of you today I want you to be proud of me I haven't been honest with myself about my feelings for Billy I didn't know how I felt about Bill well everybody else did I mean literally everyone I gotta say though we all knew it was coming everybody but me I guess how's it going good good me too long have we got here I know me too whatever happens even if this whole place shut down tonight we created some great here together and that will live on and everyone who was a part of us it feels right come on think about the Hawkins who used to break all the rules tell me what that guy would say needs to go for it I love you Billy I love you too excuse me don't let me stab you kiss him she is just like her mother feel like I just saw Nick have I ever told you you're the best intern I ever had well I had the best teacher and I love you

  Top Comments:
  1. @sharondunlap400 [16 likes]: Conrad was a fantastic character and Matt was great!  Hated when Nic left and I didn’t like the new girls they had with him.  I really wished they got the happy ending
  2. @blackwidowisawesome8187 [8 likes]: I couldn’t watch after Nic’s death… the show should’ve ended before that happened… it ruined it all for me
  3. @joandre389 [6 likes]: Gosh, I love this man's smile. Matt Czuchry is a gorgeous man 😍
  4. @cnotgonnanumber [5 likes]: Lovvveeee Conrad Hawkins 🥰
  5. @sweetarts445 [2 likes]: The Resident is one of my favorite shows solely due to the characters…. They were all so excellent.
  6. @carolineyoung8186 [2 likes]: So glad someone put all the best bits together, thank you.
  7. @ozifavoured3945 [1 likes]: I stopped watching when Nic died...After Mina and AJ's relationship ended, it wasn't fun anymore. I stayed because of Nic and Conrad. No need watching since all my favourite left. 
No AJ (RIP) without Mina, No Conrad without Nic
  8. @powerofvoiceandsilence [1 likes]: I had to stop watching, cause he is just pure sugar😂
  9. @JessicaSmith-z5l: Mr. J see how sad that is. You can't even find appropriate clients
  10. @JessicaSmith-z5l: Mr. JH rapid City South Dakota you need to add abstract wall designs
  11. @Mortalis89: I know medical shows have hot couples, but damn those two...
  12. @Ramou-pe9hj: I wish there were more episodes because Conrad and Billy’s love story deserve more I loved them and Gigi, she cute😊
  13. @Ramou-pe9hj: I gotta say I mean I am Nick and Conrad relationship was great I’m sure but I’m telling you the end was perfect. It was literally perfect because at the end he found love again with Billy that is the end I loved Conrad and Billy’s love story was epic
  14. @Raquelpliego: Lo de la muerte de nic hubiera sido el Devon, viéndome to la serie pero me veo las tres primeras y ya
  15. @VOINVSIL9: Where is the real movie, not just tons of small episodes ....
  16. @BC53-ljs: I wish they would have a season seven
  17. @Meka-b4e: I hate this show afte nik's Death , it become bored
  18. @utube-r8x: Amazing video. M y favorite show. What's the last songs name played at the end at 1:22:26.
  19. @VivenneDavis-t8f: I love this movie
  20. @Mel-gw9sr: I love this show ❤

- Liberia: Endless Rains | Deadliest Journeys: Kind: captions Language: en At the end of each summer, thunderstorms of unprecedented violence descend on Liberia. And this small country abandoned by God has no other choice than to accept the fatality of the sky. This rain is not good news for Fofana and his old pick-up. Like all bush taxi drivers, he knows that these showers will make his life much more complicated. But he has his heart set on it. Me, I want money. I am never tired. Whether you are tired, you stay seated, what are you eating? For weeks, a deluge descends on Monrovia, the capital. In a few minutes, the city is paralyzed. It sinks into almost total chaos. And it's like that all over the country. In these conditions, Fofana has a lot of trouble to get to work, the taxi terminal. On its way, the Monrovia market comes to a standstill. Under the cloudburst, it's forced unemployment for traders. The culprits, these completely clogged sewers. A Chinese company was supposed to clean them. Come see over there! Look at the overflowing sewers! The rain is falling and we are forced to ride on the bench. During this time, we won't gain anything! The government must act. The sewers are clogged, that overflows! The Chinese took the money and they left! Red Light Parking, the collective taxi station, the starting point for all trips to this country. Scarred by fifteen years of civil war, Liberia has no more roads and the countryside lacks everything. It is the travelers who supply them, thanks to these bush taxis, Fofana's is ready to go. You didn't load enough rice! Come on, he there is still room. We can load more. Fofana's 4x4 is already crumbling under the weight. But to win even more money, he is ready to exceed the load limit. No, no problem. We can still load 30 bags. We are going to load 30 bags and 5 more boxes. My car is very powerful. You can load it with stones, stuffed her with bags until the shock absorbers broke. My car is called "No Bad Days", you will see how it rolls in the mud. Get in the car. You there, make room. Yes, I am fine. Fofana's pickup looks like it could cram bags of rice and endless passengers. Provided that all are perfectly arranged. To go to Greenville, at the other end of the country, Fofana asks a small fortune, the equivalent of ten days' work. - I take 20€ per passenger. - Why so expensive? Because this road is very difficult, there are many accidents. Cars overturn, others fall in the ditch. And so it is, day and night. From Monrovia to Greenville it's a mud snake of 300 kilometers that Fofana will have to face. Liberia, a country in full reconstruction, many families earn barely enough to live on. In the countryside, children are forced to work. A life of misery exploited without scruple by evangelical churches. If you have 150 bills, bring them! If you have 100 bills, bring them also, give them to God, he will bless you. Despite the prayers, nothing comes to relieve the damned of the road. We are not animals. Fofana's eleven passengers are fine reckless to hit the road with him. Not much else works on board this 4x4 that he repaired from odds and ends. - Don't you need the key? - No, here it is! And the car can drive? Yes, I've been driving this car for ten years. We will drive a little over 300 kilometers. Very quickly, the first difficulties begin. With the rain, the road turned into an indecisive track, Deformed by the incessant heavy traffic. There are always accidents here. You see, under the mud, there are lots of holes. Overloaded cars overturn very often. It is with these huge rotten trucks that the wood is transported. But the logging companies don't care about the state of the road. All they want is to deliver the wood. The government should force them to repair the roads. The kilometers pass, the axles groan, the shock absorbers suffer. The passengers, too, cash in without flinching. At 21, Fofana is not afraid of anything, neither potholes nor tremors, His only fear are the highwaymen who haunt the forest. The bandits hold up the travellers. They steal money and goods. Then they flee into the forest. We are afraid of bandits because we don't have nothing to defend us and they are armed. There have already been deaths. The city is not safe but Fofana has no choice. He must stop to refuel at the only service station on the route. There, the prices are never displayed. Tell me, how much is it for 20 liters? As per usual. As a result, refueling is often a source of confusion. Very quickly, we no longer know exactly how much we put in the tank. The attendant claims to have sold four liters more than expected. I paid! I have no lesson to receive! I do not am not a thief, but you are trying to steal from me! You don't give me what I paid for! This money, I gave it, I paid you! Come on, give me another 4 liters and we'll talk more. No, I did sell you 25 liters. What ? 25 liters? How can you say that? Come on, take your 4 liters, it'll be fine. Come on, for the trouble, give me 6 liters. Look at this ass. He's asking me for 6 liters now. Yes, 6 liters! The new Liberian government is doing what it can to repair the roads destroyed by fifteen years of savage warfare. On this section, for example, it builds a much-needed new bridge. The task is difficult, the means are rudimentary and you have to act quickly. The old makeshift bridge threatens to collapse. The site manager, for his part, does this that he can and leaves in the most hurry. Do you see this bridge? He does not go last two years, it will crumble before. Every time a truck passes, the bridge bends under the weight. It's really dangerous. It vibrates ominously. The wooden scaffolding is holding up as best it can. Anytime there can be a flood. Occasionally the weather is nice and 30 minutes later it is raining very hard. The river suddenly swells and if you're there to work, it is better to drop everything and run away! On the flimsy logs above the water. Every move is acrobatics. Especially when the workers are so badly shod. My shoes are too old and I I don't have enough money to buy new ones. These shoes were new when I started this project. And by dint of climbing, I have completely worn them out. Liberia lacks everything, starting with materials the most basic, gravel for example, Indispensable for making concrete. In this country under reconstruction, there are no longer any crushing industries. For a handful of Liberian dollars, the poorest rush to the quarries to roughen the stones, And turn them into pebbles. The most active are not even ten years old. - How old are you ? - How old ? Five years ? No, six years. - And you go to school? - Nope. Marie arrived early this morning with her children. All day, they break stones under the sun. I'm here because times are tough. I bought a bunch of big stones for 2€. I make gravel out of it that I sell. It makes me some money to feed my children. My husband abandoned us two years ago, my children and me, I no longer have a man to help me. How many children do you have? I have eight children. The three little ones go to school, but not the big one. She doesn't go to school? This year, I hope to enroll Fatou in school, but for now, I don't have enough money. When I see my friends go to school, I tell my mother that I want to go too. But she says she has no money. She needs to break a lot of rocks to send me to school. With the little that the family earns, it is impossible to buy school uniform and supplies. The gravel, these little convicts sell it to a buyer in Monrovia. Everyone calls her Aunty. And Auntie is very demanding on the size of the pebbles. I don't want big stones, only small pebbles. If someone brings me this filth, I swear I won't pay! Come on, fill the crates to the brim. I buy them from you and I leave quickly but I want small pebbles. If you put big pebbles, I don't pay for them. And you, show your pebbles. Look at mine Aunt! Tati takes her time choosing the gravel. Without any pity for his children who must wait with more than 20 kilos on the head. I want those two crates! All that work for next to nothing. - How much did you win? - 50 cents. Today, Fatou and her family have no earned only 150 Liberian dollars, about 1.50€. When Tati's truck arrives, the children are not at the end of their ordeal. It is not enough to break the pebbles and sell, you also have to lift them to the dumpster. After 12 hours of work, the family returns home. Fatou, the eldest, has not finished with the chores. Then she can review the lessons that his brothers and sisters learned at school. Take your alphabet. My brother teaches me to read like this when I go to school, I will already know. Go ahead ! Back to the mud snake. After a day of tremors, the passengers of Fofana are exhausted. A baby fell ill, he has a fever. Even if he afraid of bandits, Fofana decides to ride at night. The child should see a doctor as soon as possible. But suddenly, in the middle of nowhere, the road is blocked. Dozens of cars are stopped. Impossible to move forward. Fofana asks his passengers to get off. There are plenty of bogged down cars here and this is the only one crossing point. You have to push your cars to pass. In fact, it is this 4x4 which prevents everyone from passing. I am completely stuck. I have Tried everything, I can't get out of it! And how long have you been there? It's been 3 hours. If this car pulls the other the mud, we can remove that one. And these two are going to help each other. Step by step, we'll get through this. One after the other. And why don't you go over there on the side? No, no, that's even worse. We won't go there. To release the first vehicle, driver and assistant dig trenches. But there is only one pickaxe for everyone. The men redouble their efforts, but nothing helps. So it was decided to tow the lead 4x4 with a makeshift cable. This cable is too worn! Time passes, attempts follow one another in vain. In the cold and damp night, Fofana's passengers wait, Hunger in the stomach, at the end of my tether. Heroic, the drivers do not disarm. They bring stones to fill the gaps. It's 2am, only one 4x4 is out of trouble. The joy is short-lived. The rain is starting to fall again with force. The major repair is abruptly interrupted. Are you still there Fofana? What happens now? We have to spend the night here. There is no other solution for the moment. - Are you going to sleep here? - Yes im going to sleep. - And the women, where are they? - They're under the tarp up there. Okay, so then what do we do? We will try to leave in the early morning. 5 a.m., good news wakes up Fofana. Wait for the other cars to do U-turn and then you start. A driver who is smarter than the others has found a detour that goes through the forest. - Well, what are you going to do? - I'm going to take another way to pass. Every 4x4 backs up but this path improvised is not easy to negotiate. There's another road there, but everyone wants to pass at the same time. Go now, it's up to you! In a joyful mess, all the vehicles rush towards this unexpected exit. Fofana exults. This terrible night is finally over. He is really good this Fofana. He knows well the road, he will always pass no matter what. But this mother is not smiling. His baby still has a fever, he is dehydrated. My baby needs to drink. - Does he need water? - Yes, but there is no water. - I'm not happy. - Why ? I'm sorry for the passengers, they're late. To catch up, Fofana swallows the miles. In the early morning, the rain resumed and the thermometer dropped to 18 degrees. After a night out, crouching under a makeshift tarp, the passengers are frozen. Throughout the region, rivers overflow. The next village is flooded. The inhabitants seem resigned. The mayor wants to show us the situation catastrophic of its constituents. You see, over there is my yard. Usually I have pigs, chickens and lots of other animals. Many have already drowned. We need help. Look at my neighbors, they're all flooded. - Hello. My name is George Paye. - How many are you here? - We are six people living here. You see, the water flooded everything. - It is your house ? - Yes, this is my house here. - Can you cook? Is this the kitchen here? - Yes. But then, how do you cook? There, in the hallway. This flood is not a disaster for some locals like Benford. Him, as soon as it rains, he rubs his hands. With his friends, Benford invented a new business. When floods block road traffic, it helps travelers cross the flooded river. It remains to convince them to give a ticket for the crossing. You won't be able to pass without us. We'll carry your load. It will cost you 40 cents and in addition we will also carry your motorcycle. Ah good, you also wear the motorcycle? Yes we will wear it and it does not cost much. Put the plastic on the exhaust pipe. The plastic will cost you 5 cents. The current is getting stronger. The motorcycle is in danger of being swept away and the water continues to rise. The price of the passage too. I pay 80 cents for them to carry my motorcycle. And here is the recipe for the morning. But at what cost ? It is cold and the bodies are shivering. It's too cold, I'm going home. I'll warm up and come back. Now is the time to share. Why are you giving it to him? He didn't bring anything! Okay, okay, give me the money back. Here, I promised you 5 cents. I pay it and I share the rest with the others kids. Anyway, we all live in the same house. I can't take it anymore. I am too cold. At Benford, it is first and foremost the precious dollars that must dry. There is never enough to live on. Benford will go back to work this afternoon, in the rain. After this deluge, the track is only one succession of ponds that are difficult to cross. Before each hill, passengers must get off. They then have to cross on foot these slopes full of slush. One more odyssey. But it's the only way to get the 4x4s through. Among travelers, morale is not good. It growls more and more. Yes, the baby is tired. And you have given the state of the road? What a pain ! Fofana is in great shape. He shows off to give changes it. Perhaps also to reassure its passengers. No way to lose your reputation best driver in the region. It was easy for you! But not everyone is lucky. A few kilometers behind, Maurice, another driver, skates on a hill. His engine is exhausted. Nothing works. The 4x4 does not want to move forward. Assistants and passengers come to the rescue. They do not hesitate to push the vehicle with smooth tires, At any moment, they risk crushing them. The engine is on the verge of melting but Maurice is not not worried. He knows how to calm his overheated engine. - What are you doing ? - The engine is getting hot, so I try to cool it down. This time with momentum, the last attempt to get over the hill is the right one. From there, the road is a succession of rivers without bridges. It is not uncommon to get stuck there for several days, until the water recedes. The journey to Greenville is truly a Stations of the Cross. We drivers are suffering. Yes, we are suffering. Passengers also suffer. They are in a hurry to arrive, but they will not be on time. The road is too bad. Without a 4x4 and a good mechanic, you'll never get there. But we, the drivers, we know our cars and we always arrive at our destination. It was enough for Fofana to boast for a breakdown to occur. In Liberia, gasoline is often of poor quality and the filters clog easily. The routine for Fofana. But there is also the battery that tires and in these cases, only one solution, to push. - Do you ever rest? - Because when you ride, you make money. Do you care more about your car than yourself? Yes, because if I don't have money, you know, no one will respect me, not even my wife. If I don't have money, she will leave with someone else. The driver really likes money. Yes of course. If one day I fall in love with a wife and I have no money, the wife will leave. If I have to choose between women and money, I will choose money. Stop. My village is just a little further. Greenville. End of the journey. It's deliverance for the passengers after three days of calvary for barely 300 kilometers of road. Agnès finds her family with relief. Then comes the time to pay Fofana. How much are US dollars today? $75 for $1 US. - Here's $2,000. - No, you owe me $2,700. - No, please. - 2700. - But why 2700? - 2000 for you, plus 700 for the goods. - But why 700? - Lawrence! - Laurence comes to see. Come ! Where did you get that 700 from? Initially, you told me 2000. What, are you delusional? I pick up the goods and I put them back in the truck. Come on, save your money! Fofana drop it, I'll pay you the rest. If there are things missing from the bag, I warn you, you will be responsible. I didn't open your bag, I just put it back in the truck. One, two, three, four, five, six, seven. Once the dispute is settled, Fofana hits the road again, with a bit of luck it will take a day less to get back to Monrovia. Agnès is one of the few shopkeepers in town. With the money lent by her father, she bought a whole stock of goods. In the lot, there are his superb flip flops made in China. How much are you selling them? 5€ the pair. You sell them for €5 and pay for them for €2. Yes, I have nothing. I asked my father to help me, to lend me US$200. In Monrovia, I bought flip flops to make a little profit. But Fofana, he made me pay more than 20€. I had to pay. It's expensive, but what can I do? It now remains to sell the flip flops. Hard in a village where hardly anyone has any money. So without hesitation, she will resort to the good old technical credit and why not over-indebtedness. Its neighbors do not resist long in front of these flip flops from the capital. The pair is 4.5€, 5 if it's on credit. To recover money and meager interest, Agnès will have to come back often. I don't have the 50 cents. Don't worry, I come every day. If you have money and you can give me 50 cents now, The rest, you will pay me later. At the end of the day, Agnès only made a few sales on credit. To expand her clientele, she relies instead on God. Every Sunday she comes to pray at Greenville Pentecostal Church. But among the evangelists, the mass is before all a matter of big money and the salvation of the soul, Can be bought with Liberian dollars. For the pastor, the pool of banknotes is never full enough. If you have 100 bills, bring them too! I take it all! 100s, 50s, bring 'em, don't you don't stop! Give them to God, he will bless you. To pass this racket, the music and entertainment are essential. These pastors have every reason to be thrilled. To them three, they have six churches like that in Greenville. With this collection by church, they reap a small fortune every Sunday. After the ceremony, the pastors parade in their costumes well cut and their shameless Italian shoes. We're going to have a little party, we're going to have a little fun. Greenville Catholics are not so lucky. Their church is in ruins, probably for a long time. Until recently, the whole village was like the church. What saved him was the arrival of a large Indonesian company, The Golden, one of the palm oil giants. Every evening, the plantation tractor brings the workers back. Among them, Othello. He hopes that the multinational will not stop investing in Greenville. This is where we live. The whole neighborhood was destroyed by the war. During the Liberian war, there was a lot of fighting. All buildings were affected. And now there is no more money to rebuild. Look at this house. It cost dozens thousands of dollars and it was destroyed. My father died during the war and my mother too. This is my sister Laura. Look how we live... This is my other sister, Lisa. There you go, Nora, that's my wife. And our baby. We are 25 here, each with a bowl of rice per day. A bowl worth 40 euro cents. It is difficult but there is no other solution. And our job is to harvest these palm nuts to survive, To feed our children. Othello and his companions have a life of slavery. If they want to work, everything starts at midnight, With a long wait in the village square. All the people you see spend their night here on the ground. They wake up at midnight and wait for the tractor for hours, until 4 or 5 in the morning. It's really difficult. Here is the tractor. Barely the headlights of the tractor in sight, it's the rush. There is never enough room for everyone in the dumpster. This woman, frightened by the jostling, will not insist. To get into the trailer, a merciless struggle ensues. The stake is vital. After two absences from job is guaranteed dismissal. The tractor won't be able to take us all. We won't be able to make any money. Eventually, this woman will be able to board at the last minute. We are not animals, we are not animals! A dozen workers will not be able to climb. Othello, he managed to find a few square centimeters, But there is a good hour of trail to do. To arrive on time, the driver accelerates without worrying about the passengers. Where I sit, I am not safe. With each jolt, I risk being ejected. Of the times, the dumpster opens and everyone falls. Yes, this side can open and everyone can fall. It's already arrived ? It's already arrived ! The day begins. Always packed, the damned oil palm suffer in silence. Around the plantation, the weights heavyweights of the Golden massacred the road. The workers are not at the end of their troubles. Even motorcycle taxis have difficulty passing. To arrive on time, some prefer to finish on foot. A risky choice because at any moment, we risk being run over. Little by little, a clog forms. Then it's the truck's turn to get stuck. In this chaos, it's a bit every man for himself. The tractor, on the other hand, advances a few meters, but it must park because of two 4x4s trying to force their way through. The second car, too timid, gets stuck. The problem is that they extort us to get out of the way. But we are not responsible and he claims us money to get us out of the mud. Look, that's them over there. They are the crane operators of the multinational. These guys are crazy. Instead of waiting for clears away, they force their way through and they get stuck. And it's not our problem if the road is rutted, it's your fault! The tractor finally pulls itself out of the mud, but the workers are late. For Othello and his companions in misfortune, payroll deduction is to be feared. The multinational has already cleared nearly 200,000 hectares of forest. Otello's job is to pot the palm trees. At the end of five years, their fruits will be pressed to produce the famous palm oil. Its use in food and cosmetics is increasingly contested. The industry is in any case very profitable but catastrophic for the forest. As soon as a plot is cleared up, in stifling heat, 1,500 workers get busy planting as many palm trees as possible. Plant, plant! We do this all day! And I swear it's not for the money. Because our salary is ridiculous! We work for €2.50 per day. Tell me what can I do for my family with €2.50 a day? The Liberian government supports this race for profitability. As a result, he does not hesitate to suppress entire villages. William, was the mayor of one of them. There, it was my village and my farm. Do you see those coconut trees? They cut down hundreds of trees here. There were fruit trees here. Before, there were trees everywhere. That's all we have left. Our government has stolen all this land. This is my uncle's grave, my father's grave. There are five family graves here. Every day, the planters leave behind them a spectacle of desolation. After the war and the storms. The country today faces deforestation. Nothing seems to want to spare Liberia.

  Top Comments:
  1. @joeguzman3558 [1 likes]: 8 children??
  2. @herculanopetermann192 [1 likes]: O CAPITALISMO É MUITO BOM PRA POUCOS! 👹
  3. @احمدالدغيمات-ظ5ي [1 likes]: شي جميل للمشاهده❤تحيه من الاردن
  4. @apoloniii3259: 😂😂😂😂37:24 you can't escape thefts even in poorest part on this earth....😂😂😂my good people are so dumb...all you need to wash their brains from birth 😂😂😂😂
  5. @ANTIMADURO: Y DONDE ESTA GEORGE WEAH PUES OTRO LADRON MAS
  6. @adiwarsitochanel: My love indonesia..❤❤❤❤❤..ternyata nikmat tinggal di indonesia yg mau kabur kabur aja dr indinesia😂😂2
  7. @baronito22: Di Indonesia juga sudah mulai di kuasai orang tiongkok,
Pemerintah nya dn jajaran ny cuma memperkaya diri masing2,mereka tidak peduli sama rakyat nya,mereka cuma memeras rakyat nya habis habisan.
Tahun 2030 Indonesia juga akan mengalami nasib yg sama kyk mereka in
  8. @joeguzman3558: The guy eating the can of sardines like it's the most delicious food it's funny
  9. @PepetoBagcal: Adonai ro'i Lo ecshar......Shallom......
  10. @PepetoBagcal: At last too many showed.....only this i comment.....i loves poor.....Halelllueah.....
  11. @lebohangmathibela3316: I have a new respect for Toyota.  Strong 4X4 these ones, hey!
  12. @tlamelogaokgatlhale7961: That’s not confidence… that’s Toyota-level bravery 😭Bro driving a Toyota with his leg out like he’s on a Sunday picnic 💀28:31
  13. @jonathanpc7699: Need to arm the civilians
  14. @Demirakyol553: Çok üzülüyorum bu videolardaki insanları görünce
  15. @djhes0yam61: strong people
  16. @denispurwanto-qq2pw: akhirnya nemu juga channel dokumenter dub indo..
  17. @eko_4075: wow
  18. @KarsiniAminah: Pastors rich
  19. @xx99strrxx: They speak english why is this dope talking over them?
  20. @DikyDiky-c4w: Engga disini engga di sana sama aja wkwkwk pemerintah konoha emang serakah wkwkkw

- Siberia: The Frozen Heart of Russia: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Siberia, the eastern part of Russia, a vast region that stretches from the Ural Mountains to the Pacific Ocean. How vast? Siberia alone covers about 13 million square kilometers. Larger than the entire United States and Europe combined. And yet, what do we really know about this land? For most of the world, it's the coldest place on Earth. A synonym for endless forests and frozen emptiness. And yes, those things exist. But in reality, it is far more than that. It's a continent inside a country. Lakes so deep they hold a fifth of Earth's fresh water. Snow-capped mountains, alpine meadows, smoking volcanoes, hissing geysers, remote islands surrounded by raging waves of the Pacific, and glaciers that glitter under the sun. Despite harsh conditions, people still live here. Indigenous hunters, nomads with reindeer, but also whole cities concrete and glass are built on permafrost. And the largest of them is Yakuts, the coldest major city on Earth. On paper, that fact alone should make it inhospitable. In winter, the mercury plunges to minus 50, minus 60° C. At that point, cold becomes something else entirely. When the temperature drops, Yakuts disappears beneath a veil of fog. Low temperatures squeeze moisture from the air, cloaking the streets in a dense, ghostly shroud. Above it all, the sun hangs low on the horizon, even at noon. It never fully rises, never fully warms. And yet, almost 300,000 people call this frozen place their home. From above, the city looks patched together. Concrete blocks from the Soviet era, wooden houses, and new glass towers, misplaced fragments of Moscow. Houses here are built on stilts. It's not a stylistic choice. The ground beneath is permanently frozen. But Yakuts isn't the coldest place in Siberia, not even close. That title belongs to Oymyakon, known as the pole of cold. It has recorded temperatures as low as minus 71° C, the coldest ever recorded outside Antarctica. Yakuts feels brutal. Oymyakon redefines the word. The village lies in a valley where icy winds settle and stay, trapped by mountains that block circulation. Oymyakon's population numbers less than a thousand. Families that have endured here for generations. What might appear unbearable for them has become routine. Life continues, shaped by necessity rather than choice. And beneath this frozen hell lie hidden treasures, diamonds. Yakutia sits at the heart of one of the richest mining regions on the planet. Mirny is the epicenter. The first impression, just rows of Soviet apartment blocks and warehouses. Yet the town stands on the edge of abyss. A hole, vast, circular, bottomless, the Mir diamond mine. Nearly a kilometer deep, more than a kilometer wide, one of the largest ever dug by human hands. The stones pulled from here didn't stay. They traveled the world, glittering on velvet displays in Paris and New York. By 2001, the pit was exhausted. And extraction moved underground, leaving behind an enormous wound. Yakuts sits on the frozen banks of the Lena River, a massive artery cutting through the heart of Siberia. A few hundred kilometers downstream, nature carved a masterpiece in stone. Lena Pillars. They look almost too perfect, too symmetrical. Gigantic limestone spires, some shaped like needles, some like columns, sculpted over 500 million years during the Cambrian. Some reach more than 100 m into the sky. Their surfaces are streaked and fractured, layered with sedimentary lines. From a distance, they look like a city built by a forgotten civilization. Up close, the scale is staggering. One feels impossibly small in their shadow. Each pillar is a vertical timeline, a record of changing seas, shifting climates, and ancient ecosystems. They exist for their own reasons, shaped by forces so vast that our brief lives feel like nothing. There are few roads in this part of Siberia. Building them is hard. Keeping them alive is harder. The Kolyma Highway is one of the few, more than 2,000 km of gravel, dust, and emptiness. Locals call it the Road of Bones. And that name isn't just poetry. The highway was built by prisoners during Stalin's reign. Thousands died from cold and hunger in the work camps scattered along the route. Their bodies, it is said, are buried in the road itself. The bones became part of the foundation. Along the way, settlements appear and vanish, some still alive, others silent. Like the road itself, Kadykchan was also built in the 1940s by prisoners of the Gulag. A coal mining town tucked deep into the mountains. At its height, Kadykchan held more than 10,000 people, existing solely because the state demanded it. When the Soviet Union collapsed, subsidies dried up. The coal mines were no longer profitable. In 1996, an explosion in one of the shafts killed six miners. That was the end. The government shut the mines. Families were told to leave. And by the early 2000s, Kadykchan became a ghost. The Kolyma Highway pushes further east until it meets the sea. At the end of the Road of Bones stands Magadan. The city may look ordinary. Apartment blocks, streets laid out in grids. A port facing the cold waters of the Sea of Okhotsk. But Magadan carries a weight that ordinary cities do not. For decades, it was the gateway to the Ships arrived here from Vladivostok and other ports carrying prisoners sentenced to hard labor. From Magadan, they were dispersed into the Kolyma camps. Thousands died in the process, starved, beaten, frozen while trying to extract the resources that fueled the Soviet state. On a bluff overlooking the city rises the Mask of Sorrow. A massive monument erected in the 1990s. It is one of the few official acknowledgements of the suffering that shaped this land. Beyond Magadan, roads disappear altogether. Siberia gives way to a different frontier. At the farthest edge of Russia, where the continent leans into the Pacific, lies Chukotka. Harsh tundra, winters that last most of the year, summers that flash by in weeks. Few places on Earth feel as remote. In the Soviet years, the land became a frontier of extraction. Workers were flown in, camps were built, and when the mines closed, the towns were left behind. Today, abandoned settlements lie scattered across the region. Rows of empty barracks, rusting machinery. Anadyr, the capital, is an exception. Brightly painted apartment blocks stand against the endless tundra. But behind the color lies the same reality. Isolation, expensive supplies flown in by plane. A life shaped by distance. Chukotka is the end of the road, or perhaps the beginning of another one. Pevek, the northernmost city in Russia, rises from the coast of the East Siberian Sea. At its Soviet peak, about 25,000 people lived here. Now, fewer than 5,000 remain. But Pevek is not just a relic of Soviet industry. It has become an important stop on the Northern Sea Route. The Arctic shipping lane that stretches from Murmansk to Vladivostok. With ice receding each summer, more ships now pass through these waters. Cutting weeks off the journey between Europe and Asia. Pevek's port, once forgotten, is now strategic. Tankers and cargo vessels dock here, resupplying, waiting for icebreakers to clear the way. Leaving Chukotka behind, the tundra gives way to mountains. Kamchatka sits on the Pacific Ring of Fire, a restless seam where tectonic plates grind. More than 300 volcanoes rise from the land, 29 of them still active. The most imposing of them all is Klyuchevskaya Sopka. A perfect cone more than 4,700 m high. It has erupted dozens of times in recorded history, throwing ash plumes high into the stratosphere. And then there is the Valley of Geysers. Accessible only by helicopter, it is one of the largest geothermal fields on Earth. Jets of boiling water blast skyward. Steam clouds rise from the Earth. Mud pots bubble and spit. Petropavlovsk-Kamchatsky, the capital, sits in Avacha Bay, embraced by volcanic cones on all sides. Life here is tied to the sea. Fishing fleets fill the harbor, their decks stacked with crab pots and nets. And sharing that harbor are the real locals, Steller sea lions. They haul themselves onto breakwaters and piers, massive and loud, barking at one another. Each year, salmon surge upriver from the Pacific, driven by instinct to return to the streams where they were born. The rivers of Kamchatka run thick with them, The water seeming to boil as the fish push upstream. Brown bears wade into the current standing still as the salmon swarm past their legs. With a quick swipe, a fish is airborne, clamped in jaws, devoured on the spot. Bears gorge until the season ends. Until their bodies are fat enough to endure the long Arctic winter. From Kamchatka, the land fractures into the sea. These are the Kurils. 56 islands stretched across 1,300 km between Russia and Japan. They exist because of collision. Here the Pacific plate dives beneath the Okhotsk plate, grinding and pushing magma upward. The result is a line of volcanoes, smoking, erupting, reshaping the land in real time. On Oneekotan Island lies a colossal caldera of Krenitsyn. Inside it, a lake fills the crater, and in the middle of that lake rises a perfect volcanic cone. It is a landscape that seems imagined, almost impossible, yet it is real, sculpted by fire and water in violent succession. Farther north, near Paramushir Island, smolders Ebeko. Its eruptions are not cataclysmic, but persistent. For human survival on the Kuril Islands, it's always been more complicated. Supply ships come when the weather allows, but storms often leave communities cut off for weeks. Yet for those who endure, the Kurils are magnificent, untamed, unpredictable, and beautiful in their severity. To the west, Sakhalin stretches along the Pacific coast, almost 1,000 km of ridges, rivers, and taiga. In the 19th century, Russia and Japan vied for control, dividing the island between them, swapping territories, redrawing maps. After World War II, the Soviets retook the southern part, expelling the Japanese settlers and reshaping towns and economy. The capital, Yuzhno-Sakhalinsk, is a Soviet city layered over older Japanese streets. And just beyond the city, the Gorny Vozdukh ski resort climbs into the mountains, offering slopes with sweeping views over the island. Sakhalin has beauty, often stark, sometimes haunting. None more so than the Aniva Lighthouse. Built by the Japanese in 1939 on a lonely rock at the island's southern tip, for decades it was manned by keepers who lived in isolation. Later, the Soviets automated it with radioactive power cells. Today, abandoned, it stands as a monument to the edge of the world. Russia's Pacific window, Vladivostok, is closer to Tokyo than to Moscow, yet bound to the west by a line of iron rails. The name means rule the east. Sounds like ambition, maybe arrogance. The city was founded in 1860 when the Russian Empire decided it wanted a foothold on the Pacific. A port, a fortress, a symbol that the empire's reach did not end with Siberia. During the Soviet era, Vladivostok was closed to foreigners, a secret city hidden from the outside world. Only in 1992, after the Soviet Union fell, did the gates open again. The Golden Horn Bay curves into the city. Hills rise on every side, their slopes thick with apartment blocks. The Russky Bridge, the longest cable-stayed bridge in the world, leaps toward Russky Island, where students and researchers now fill what was once a military zone. Vladivostok lives in contradictions, European in architecture, Asian in flavor. Beyond Vladivostok, the land crashes straight into the Pacific. The shoreline folds in like torn paper. Pines cling to rock faces, their roots locked into cracks. Waves roll in blue and green, slamming against stone. And in between those cliffs, something unexpected. Strips of pale sand hidden between walls of granite with water so clear it looks tropical. For many, it's surprising. Siberia is usually imagined as cold, landlocked, and frozen. Yet here in summer, the water warms enough to swim, sometimes brushing 22° C, just shy of the Mediterranean. The coves are small, often reachable only by footpaths or boats. No boardwalks or lifeguards, untouched wilderness. This coast shows another face of Siberia. It is not endless snowfields, but a mix of forested mountains and a sea that can be surprisingly mild. And beyond the beaches and coves, another landscape rises. Just inland begins the Ussuri taiga. Larch and pine mix with oak and cedar, a tangle of undergrowth alive with insects and birds. >> The tiger here hides ghosts. The Amur tiger, largest of all big cats, stalks these forests. Fewer than 600 remain in the wild, most of them here. Stripes blending with shadow, paws silent on the snow. It is a predator built for power and patience, and it rules this land like nothing else. Alongside the tiger, another survivor moves in the undergrowth, the Amur leopard. Smaller, more elusive, and far rarer. Once on the edge of extinction with barely 30 left in the wild, it has made a fragile comeback under protection. Still, seeing one is nearly impossible. The forest hides them well, and they prefer it that way. Vladivostok is the last stop of the Trans-Siberian Railway, where tracks finally meet the sea. Nearly 9,300 km of steel running across two continents. It is the longest railway line in the world, seven time zones stretched out across forests and rivers. A journey not of hours, but of days. Construction started in 1891 under Tsar Alexander the III, when Russia wanted to bind its empire together from west to east. Thousands of workers were sent into the wilderness. They cut through taiga, spanned rivers, laid track across Progress was slow, brutal, costly, but by 1916, the line was complete. A ribbon of iron tying Europe to the Pacific. Without it, Russia's Far East would remain unreachable. With it, this remote region became part of the whole. The ride itself is an act of endurance. Moscow to Vladivostok takes a week if you don't step off, the days blurring into nights. Deep in the north of Zabaykalsky Krai, where Siberia is supposed to be endless taiga, the land suddenly fractures into something unexpected. The rolling dunes of Chara Sands rise from the forest, glittering in the sun. Wind shapes ridges and hollows that look more like the Sahara. The dunes stretch for about 10 km, surrounded on all sides by snow-capped peaks. Seen from above, the landscape is surreal. Taiga, mountains, and then this pocket of desert, as if dropped here by accident. Geology explains the riddle. During the last ice age, glaciers crushed rock into fine sediment. When the ice retreated, meltwater spread that sand across the plain. Over millennia, wind sculpted it into dunes. A fossil memory of the last glaciation. As we follow the Trans-Siberian to the west, the trees thin, the land opens. Steppe rolls, Buryatia begins. Domes of Orthodox churches stand beside golden roofs of temples. Buddhism, not Orthodoxy, has deep roots in this land. The datsans are its heart. Monasteries painted in red and green, their roofs curling against the sky. The Ivolginsky datsan, founded in 1945 when Stalin was gone and religion clawed its way back into daylight, became the home of Buddhism in Russia. Prayer flags snap in the wind, colors slowly bleaching under the sun. Wooden wheels spin endlessly, sending whispered mantras skyward. And then in the center of Ulan-Ude, another monument rises. The largest Lenin head in the world, 19 tons of bronze, 8 m high. It is hard not to see it as another kind of temple. Another faith, Soviet socialism was its own religion. Two different systems of belief, two different kinds of devotion. Siberia has many faces, frozen tundra, endless taiga, jagged mountains. But nothing prepares you for Lake Baikal. The world's deepest, oldest, and clearest freshwater lake, a body of water so immense it feels like an inland ocean. On first approach, it looks calm, almost serene. Blue stretching to the horizon, cliffs rising from the water. But beneath that glassy surface are chasms over 1,600 m deep, rifts formed by the earth itself tearing apart. In winter, the ice thickens, but it's not solid. Cracks run like lightning, air bubbles are trapped under the surface. Cathedrals are built along the shore, caves where waves once broke against cliffs, now sealed in crystal. Inside, icicles hang like organ pipes. Light filters through blue and green, turning the walls into stained glass. Baikal is life, too. Its waters are home to the nerpa, the only freshwater seal species on Scientists still argue how it ended up here, stranded in this inland sea. Lake Baikal already feels like another planet, but even in a place this vast, there's a center of gravity. Olkhon. It's the largest island on Baikal, about 70 km long. Dusty tracks cut through rolling hills. Villages are small, wooden houses bleached gray by wind and sun. But Olkhon has a presence. You feel it before you even understand it. This is one of the sacred centers of the Buryat people. At Cape Burhan, a jagged outcrop on the western shore, shamans once performed rituals. And today, prayer ribbons still flutter from poles. Travelers stop here and fall silent without quite knowing why. Life on the islands is simple. There are no big hotels, no slick infrastructure, and cell service is patchy at best. But that's part of the appeal. Olkhon feels unfiltered, stripped back, as if the rest of the world hasn't quite caught up. The Yamal Peninsula is a flat, endless stretch of tundra locked in ice for most of the year. Temperatures here easily drop below minus 50 degrees Celsius, and the sun can vanish for months. Most people would call it unlivable. For the Nenets, it's home. They are nomads, moving with the seasons across Yamal, following the migrations of their reindeer herds. The animals are everything: transport, food, clothing, and shelter. A Nenets camp rises in the form of chums, conical tents of reindeer hide. Life here is stripped to its essentials. After brief stops, families dismantle their temporary homes, load everything onto sleds pulled by reindeer, and move on. There are no shortcuts, no backups, just knowledge passed down for generations and a stubborn resilience that makes the impossible ordinary. The Nenets don't live in the past, they live in the present more fully than most people ever do. On a map, Khanty-Mansiysk looks remote, a dot in the endless sweep of Siberia. In reality, it's a place that shouldn't even exist, a modern city built in the middle of nowhere. It began as a small settlement of the Khanty and Mansi people, indigenous reindeer herders. Then came the Soviets. In the 1960s, they struck oil. Everything changed. What was once a quiet village became the capital of Russia's black gold boom. Today, Khanty-Mansiysk is wealthy and polished, almost surreal against the wilderness around it. A strange mix of frontier and luxury. Streets glow with neon in winter, while outside the city limits, hunters still track elk through the snow. Siberia hides landscapes that don't fit into the clichés of endless forest and frozen wasteland. The Putorana Plateau is one of them. It lies far above the Arctic Circle, locked away from roads and cities. A place so remote that even most Russians have never seen it. Towering basalt plateaus stretch to the horizon, broken by deep canyons and hundreds of waterfalls. In fact, some geographers call it the land of 10,000 lakes and 1,000 waterfalls. The numbers aren't poetry, they're an understatement. About 250 million years ago, volcanoes here flooded Siberia with lava, layer upon layer, until the land rose into this massive basalt plateau. Later, glaciers carved it, rivers sliced through it, and time left behind a labyrinth of gorges, cliffs, and steps. There are no highways to the plateau. To get in, you fly by helicopter or trek for days through taiga and tundra. It's one of the last places where true wilderness doesn't just exist, it dominates. In the Western Sayan Mountains, Ergaki National Park covers nearly 350,000 hectares of peaks, lakes, and deep taiga. It's often called Siberia's Yosemite. The comparison makes sense. Granite walls, glacial valleys, high-altitude meadows. The geology is similar as well. Like Yosemite, these mountains were carved by ancient glaciers that once filled the valleys. Lakes are everywhere. In total, there are more than 600 of them scattered through the park. Many sit at high altitude, fed by snowmelt, and remain icy cold even in July. Among Ergaki's peaks, Parabola is the most recognizable. The name says it all, a perfect granite arch split into two vertical towers. What makes Parabola unique is the symmetry. Few natural formations look so deliberate, so designed. It rises to about 2,200 m, sheer and smooth with cracks that climbers follow to the top. One of the park's strangest sights is the Hanging Stone, a giant boulder perched on a cliff ledge placed here by a massive glacier. Just outside Krasnoyarsk, something unexpected rises from the forest. Giant pillars twisted and cracked. Locals call them the Stolby, the Krasnoyarsk Pillars. And they've been here long before Siberia had a name. Geologically, the monoliths are cousins of the Lena Pillars. Ancient intrusions of syenite magma that cooled underground 450 million years ago. What's left are towers and boulders. Some stand nearly 100 m tall, worn smooth in places, jagged in others. Each rock has a name, a story. Ak-Konechi for hunters, Tigrovy for tigers, Tsentralny for the central guardian. For more than a century, locals have been climbing them, often with no ropes, no gear, just hands and nerve. They call themselves stolbists, and in Soviet times they built a whole underground culture here. Part sport, part rebellion. The authorities didn't always approve, but Stolby gave people a way to escape. The forest was freedom. The pillars were a challenge. And in Khakassia, another mysterious geological formation takes shape. Not the jagged verticality of Stolby, something older, softer, the Sunduki. The name means chest in Russian. Locals call them that for the box-like silhouettes that dot the horizon. Where Stolby are dramatic and vertical, Sunduki are horizontal, deliberate, layered. Granite and sandstone sit in planes and shelves. Tectonic pressures lifted the land, and millions of years of erosion carved the shapes we see today. Wind polished the surfaces, frost split layers, water seeped into cracks, smoothing edges. Archaeologists and shamans say that the Sunduki are ancient ritual sites, places where people came long before written history. Carvings, petroglyphs, and stone altars are scattered along the formations. Some say spirits inhabit the chests, invisible but perceptible. And pilgrims even today leave small offerings, coins, ribbons, out of respect or superstition. South of the Siberian plains, where the land begins to fold in on itself, the Altai Mountains rear up. The spine of Asia, formed by the violent collision of tectonic plates. Snow crowns their ridges even in summer. This is where the great Siberian rivers are born, one of the least populated regions on Earth. The mountains don't unfold all at once. They reveal themselves slowly, curve by curve. And the best way to meet them is on the Chuya Highway. A ribbon of asphalt that cuts through one of the most spectacular landscapes in Russia. For more than 600 km, the road winds its way to the Mongolian border, linking villages and valleys. The Chuya River itself is constant company, rolling alongside the highway. Every turn shows something new. One moment you're driving through open steppe. The next, you're entering a canyon. Then it opens again into alpine meadows. The peaks in the distance shine white year-round. And among the snowy summits hides the Aktru Glacier. A frozen river stretching from the ridges. It doesn't look alive at first. Ice is still, shimmering, solid. But listen. A low groan rumbles from deep within. Cracks form without warning. Crevasses gape like open mouths. The glacier is moving as it has been for thousands of years. Aktru isn't about size. The glacier stretches about 8 km, not enormous by global standards. But here, among the jagged Altai peaks, it dominates everything. In the valley below, a hidden crater of turquoise water is surrounded by evergreen pines, Geyser Lake. It doesn't erupt like Yellowstone. Instead, it bubbles almost imperceptibly. As if the Earth is breathing slowly. The surface ripples in subtle waves, concentric circles forming and fading. The color of the lake is a shade of blue that doesn't exist in most of the world, intense and electric. The geology, however, is simple. Geyser Lake sits in a depression formed by tectonic shifts and volcanic activity. Hot water rises from deep below, meeting cold snowmelt, creating a dynamic system that bubbles and steams. The Chuya Highway crosses the Altai. But we're going to leave tarmac behind for a while and follow a narrow gravel road that weaves through the hills. It climbs, passes small villages, and then suddenly drops into the heart of one of the wildest valleys in Siberia. The Katu-Yaryk Pass, a giant scar carved into the mountainside. A switchback road that falls nearly a kilometer from the plateau above. At the top, the view steals your breath. Cliffs falling away into air, the river snaking through the valley. Kati Yarok isn't polished or paved with convenience. 10 hairpin turns zigzag down the impossible slope carved into loose rock and earth. Below lies the Chulyshman Valley, a place so remote and untamed it feels like stepping into prehistory. Past riverside meadows and clusters of birch trees, the landscape takes a turn for the surreal. The Akkurum stone mushrooms, one of the Altai's strangest creations, look almost man-made. Tall stalks of earth and stone, some 10-15 m high. Capped with slabs that seem too heavy, too precarious to sit there for long. But they've been here for centuries, maybe thousands of years. Rain and wind carve the soft soil away, but the harder boulders protect the columns beneath, leaving these improbable shapes standing. The Akkurum mushrooms aren't unique in form. Hoodoos exist in deserts from Utah to Cappadocia, but here in the Altai, they feel different. The greenery of the valley, the icy river, the weight of Siberian silence make them less like curiosities and more like mysteries. Follow the Chulyshman north and the river slows, widens, and then suddenly becomes a sea. This is Teletskoye Lake, the largest lake in the Altai and one of the deepest in all of Siberia. Locals call it the little Baikal, and indeed it feels endless. Nearly 80 km long and more than 300 m deep, Teletskoye lies like a mirror between mountain ridges. The water is dark, cold, and impossibly clear, fed by more than 70 rivers and streams. There's something ancient about the lake. Scientists say it formed at the end of the last ice age, but standing at the shore, history doesn't feel scientific. It feels mythic. The Altai people tell stories of spirits living in the depths, of guardians who watch from beneath the surface. If Teletskoye is the Altai's inland sea, vast, deep, and mysterious, then Lake Kucherla is its jewel. Smaller, hidden, harder to reach, but radiant in a way that catches you off guard. The color doesn't look real. The lake shifts between milky blue and vivid green, depending on the mood of the sky. Yet there's no magic. The water is fed by glaciers heavy with rock flour. Suspended in the water, it scatters light, turning the lake into a mirror of turquoise. At just over 7 km long, Kucherla isn't large, not compared to Teletskoye. But what it lacks in size, it makes up in intimacy. Above, the ridges of the Katun Range frame the horizon, the white peaks that never lose their snow. And at its heart rises Mount Belukha, the highest mountain in Siberia, the crown of the Altai, and for many, something more than just a peak. Belukha is massive. Twin summits, both over 4,500 m, are linked by a razor ridge. The glaciers spill down its sides, rivers of ice that feed the Katun River below, the great artery of the Altai. Legends say Belukha is the gateway to Shambhala, a hidden paradise, a realm of wisdom and peace. Shamans believe the mountain is a center of spiritual energy, a place where heaven and earth connect. After the glaciers and white summits of Belukha, the Altai flips the script. Suddenly the snow and ice give way to fire and dust. We descend into the Kyzyl-Chin Valley and it feels like you've landed on another planet. Locals just call it Altai Mars, and you can see why. The hills roll out in waves of red, orange, yellow, even purple. Layers of clay and sandstone catch the light differently depending on the hour, like some kind of mirage. But this isn't illusion, it's geology stripped bare. Over 300 million years, shifting seas and tectonic upheavals left these multicolored bands exposed. Each shade is a story. Iron giving the reds, manganese the purples, sulfates the yellows. Compared to the lush valleys and snowbound ranges of the Altai, Kyzyl-Chin feels like another world entirely. And maybe that's the point. The Altai is full of contrast. Glaciers and turquoise lakes, sacred peaks and Martian hills. Further north, the steppe reveals something even stranger, a sea of pink. Lake Burlinskoye, one of the largest salt lakes in Siberia. From a distance it looks ordinary enough, but as you walk closer, the water blushes into shades of rose and crimson. The color comes from tiny microorganisms, algae and brine shrimp, thriving in the saline water. Yet Burlinskoye isn't just a spectacle, it's practical. For centuries locals have harvested salt crystals here, scraping them from the lake bed. A narrow-gauge track runs right across the lake, cutting through the water. It was laid down in the 1940s during the Soviet push to industrialize Siberia. Its purpose was blunt, move salt. Freight cars still trundle along it today, carrying loads from the salt flats straight to the processing plants. In Siberia, most cities feel improvised, built fast to serve an industry. But Tobolsk is different. Here, history lingers in stone. It's the oldest Russian settlement beyond the Urals, founded in 1587, where conquest and exile collided on the edge of an unknown world. The city stands high above the Irtysh River, split in two. Down below, the lower town, wooden houses, crooked streets, the sprawl of everyday life. And above it, on the bluff, the Tobolsk Kremlin, the only stone Kremlin in all of Siberia. White walls and onion domes gleam against the dark taiga. In its center is the Sophia Assumption Cathedral, built in the 1680s, the first stone church in Siberia. From Tobolsk, Russia pushed further east, mapping rivers, founding forts, building the skeleton of a frontier that seemed endless. But this remote outpost wasn't just empire, it was also exile. Decembrists, dissidents, all ended up here, banished beyond Moscow's reach. Even the Romanov family passed through, held here in 1917, before their transfer to Yekaterinburg, a stop on the way to tragedy. Compared to Tobolsk's four centuries, Novosibirsk is young. Founded in 1893, it didn't even exist when the empire was still looking east. And yet, in just over a century, it's grown into the largest city in Siberia, the unofficial capital of the region. The reason? Rails and rivers. Novosibirsk was born at a crossing point on the Trans-Siberian Railway, where engineers needed a bridge over the mighty Ob River. The settlement that sprouted here was first called Novo-Nikolayevsk, a workers' camp more than a city. But railroads change everything. Trains brought people, supplies, and ambition, and by the 20th century, this upstart was out pacing the old Siberian strongholds. Today, Novosibirsk feels like Siberia turned inside out. It's industry, culture, and science stacked into one sprawling metropolis of nearly 1.6 million people. It's easy to forget, walking these streets, that the city is younger than the Eiffel Tower. But that's its story, speed, reinvention, scale. And while Novosibirsk is the capital of Siberia, Yekaterinburg is the frontier, the line where Europe and Asia meet. The city was founded in 1723, named after Catherine I, wife of Peter the Great. The Urals are rich in iron and copper, and Yekaterinburg became a center for mining and smelting. By the 19th century, it was one of Russia's busiest trade hubs, not Moscow or St. Petersburg, but it mattered, and still does. And then came the moment that forever tied Yekaterinburg to Russian history. In 1918, the last Tsar, Nicholas II, and his family were executed here. The Romanovs' end was brutal and final, a dynasty collapsing in a basement. Today, on that spot, the Church on the Blood rises with golden domes. But Yekaterinburg isn't frozen in tragedy. During the Soviet years, it was renamed Sverdlovsk and transformed into an industrial zone. The city grew fast, and it never stopped. Today, Yekaterinburg is Russia's fourth largest metropolis, with about 1.5 million people. The skyline mixes Soviet concrete with glass towers, modern skyscrapers with ornate wooden facades. Yekaterinburg is neither fully European nor fully Siberian. It's both. Beyond the rocky spine of the Ural Mountains, the land shifts. Siberia fades, Asia gives way to Europe. Endless forests are replaced with farmlands, and with them comes another Russia, different in mood and story. Not harsher, not softer, just other. But that's not part of this journey, a new tale awaits us. Thanks for watching. See you soon.

  Top Comments:
  1. @InfinitePlanet4K [61 likes]: Thanks for watching!
Check out other videos:
Western US https://youtu.be/Moc2cm9GHDc
Israel https://youtu.be/EcTpeWomFEw
Sicily https://youtu.be/z2xG19Lcass
Wyoming https://youtu.be/6CZa2Vcv7WQ
Japan https://youtu.be/85djuZrKuPs
  2. @DaHic-y8i [2 likes]: INTERESTING!
  3. @NomadexTravel2026 [1 likes]: Amazing work
  4. @MarioSergio1910 [1 likes]: Pretty photos 😮
  5. @Aventurex-686 [1 likes]: I truly loved this documentary. Thank you from the bottom of my heart
  6. @silverphoenixe0316 [1 likes]: Infinite Planet TV 🤣🤣Чего у вас так много Ботов из 404 страны?)
  7. @joshyv7203 [1 likes]: this place is insane
  8. @SGKUser1972 [1 likes]: I wonder what kind of engines the cars have that can withstand these temperatures. It looks like a world in the freezer. A world where the freezers are warmer than the outside.
  9. @ВадимВадим-ч9ф [1 likes]: Запад не имеет никакого права упрекать Россию в чем либо! Запад не имеет право играть роль праведников!
  10. @ВадимВадим-ч9ф [1 likes]: А сколько убили во время ядерной бомбордировки в Японии!? Ну и кто тут плохие парни?
  11. @Combatx-x: How
  12. @vaibhav2314: Please increase ocean water snow cold ice manufacturing production
  13. @SandeepYadav-fw2dh: Are you amarican
  14. @Tamilan-dn8ih: I always felt that Russia is my country
Love you Russia, you transcend time and politics
  15. @asd4qwd: Russia have big responsibility on all Earth to keep this nature well ! ❤
  16. @aluminumucumber4281: Welcome to Siberia, Asian part of Russia: siberian climatic summer, on average lasts 2-3 months, the heating season in residential buildings lasts from mid-September to mid-May, the transition from climatic summer (+15°C) to climatic winter (-0°C) and back takes place in two weeks. The climate here is sharply continental: in summer, the heat reaches +35 degrees Celsius with a humidity of about 70-90%, and -40 degrees Celsius in winter. The main problem in summer is extreme heat at high humidity, the body instantly loses excess weight, and in winter, the cold burns fat to heat the body. The marathon festival in Siberia, Siberian Russians SQYlI_HZCwU 2/3 of the territory of Siberia is  Mountains EcJqtZl6Gl8  therefore, the main industrial sector in Siberia is mining (the most knowledge-intensive, labor-intensive, financially-intensive, energy-intensive branch of the economy) and energy, together with transport, this is 75% of the final price of goods, in Siberia there are 3 largest rivers of the 10 largest rivers in the World, the Siberian Yenisei River - the largest river in the world, there are 3 hydroelectric power plants on it, and 4 more hydroelectric power plants in the Yenisei basin, 7 in total. Siberia has the largest forest in the world - Siberian Taiga. "Taiga" in the language of the aborigines of Siberia is a "Mountain Forest". The area of the West Siberian taiga is 2.7 million sq km, and the Eastern taiga is 3.4 million sq km. The main tree species in Siberia are Siberian Larch, Siberian fir, Siberian spruce, Siberian cedar pine, Scots pine, Birch, Aspen.
 In the 16th century, the colonization of Siberia by the Russian state began. The main route of the colonists from the European part of Russia to Siberia passed through the Berdsky Fort, a place where warlike siberian tribes attacked the colonists, where the colonists rested, replenished their supplies and took refuge. Siberia, Russia, Berdsky Highway (Tract). Spring Marathon NNxZkc4fnxk By the middle of the 17th century, the population of Siberia was fully self-sufficient in food, and by the 18th century, the population of Siberia was selling food and livestock to Europe and China. The population of Siberia is 38 million, of which 1.5 million are aborigines of Siberia (Ugrians, Turks, Mongol peoples), the rest are descendants of colonists from the European part of Russia. Summer snow  l_LYPTsJbIs
  17. @GlobalLensDoc: beutyfull
  18. @AiniRei: Самое лучшее место на земле моя родная сибирь, надеюсь ее прекрасная природа сохранится в первозданном виде.
  19. @Anumbris: So it's basically Minecraft
  20. @ВадимВадим-ч9ф: Европейцы, лучше посчитайте сколько вы убили людей в колониях, сколько убили индейцев американцы! Вот когда посчитаете, тогда будете говорить о гулаге!

- From Neighbours to Best Friends | The GEC Living Community: Kind: captions Language: en Woo. [music] >> The community is very good. I know a lot of the people that I live with and also the people around us. And also do you see those events? It's good to meet some people at an event like from other projects. >> [music] >> And I love [music] it because it is like a student dorm. So it's like a campus dorm but not on campus. I can cut off school a bit while still feeling [music] in student lifestyle. >> So before I was looking for of course [music] like convenient locations and friendly people around so I wouldn't be intimidated by the place. [music] Yeah. So, I think this place basically kind of fulfilled everything I needed. Heat. Heat. [music] >> Like all of my friends who like roaming around searching for housing, I just tell them just come here. It's here.

- New Zealand New Seasonal Visa 2026 🇳🇿 | No English Test for Indians: Kind: captions Language: en Friends, if you also want to get a New Zealand visa, then I have brought new news for you. New Zealand has come up with two new visas. Friends, both the visas of both are seasonal visas. In one visa you get three years validity and in the other you get 7 months validity, friends. Moreover, if you want to get this seasonal visa, you will not need any kind of English proficiency test. Yes, you can apply for these visas without providing an English test. Friends, if you want to know more about these visas , if you want to get these visas , then stay till the end of this video friends and if you like the video then do not go without liking the video and subscribing to the channel. Friends, as you can see, at this time I am telling you about immigration. I have brought it to the New Zealand website. And here I am going to tell you about the new seasonal visas of New Zealand which have been started last December. Friends, on 8 December 2025, it was announced that New Zealand is coming up with two new seasonal visas and you can also go to New Zealand by taking advantage of these seasonal visas. Friends, it is written here that from 8 December 2025, applications will open for two new seasonal visa options under the Credited Employer Work Visa Framework: the Global Work for Seasonal Visa and the Peak Seasonal Visa. Friends, both these visas, Global Work for Seasonal Visa and Peak Seasonal Visa, both these visas come under the Accredited Employer Work Visa Framework. Ok? It is written here We are making it easy for employees to hire seasonal workers. Here, the New Zealand government is making it easier for employers so that they can hire more and more seasonal workers and call them to New Zealand and fulfill the jobs etc. and get work done from them. Ok? These two new visas will make it easier for accredited employers to hire for genuine seasonal roles, and the conditions for these visas will be the same as the Accredited Employer Work Visa. Ok ? If you want to get a Global Work for Seasonal Visa, then here is the information. Friends, this visa is for roles that are genuinely seasonal and has specific requirements including this. This visa is only for those jobs which are actually only seasonal. If you want to apply for this visa, friends, then what used to happen earlier was that the New Zealand employers had to hire only the people of New Zealand and the job role for which the job was being hired, those jobs were first advertised in New Zealand, after that international workers were hired for those jobs when no one was available, but now it is not like that, if you want to go there under the Global Seasonal Work Force Visa, then the New Zealand employers can directly hire you, they do not need to do any labour market test and they can directly hire international workers. Also, this visa will be granted for three years and if applicants want to apply for this visa, they will have to fulfill the health and character requirements. Applicants must have at least three years of relevant experience and must spend three months outside New Zealand each year during this visa period. Ok? Also, there is no need for English language testing in this, friends. So you don't need to prove your English language. This is great news for New Zealand applicants who want to apply for New Zealand visa. You can apply for this visa. You can also do seasonal jobs. And you can stay there comfortably and do your work. After that, the second visa, friends, has been newly launched. The name of this visa is Peak Seasonal Visa. Friends, this has been launched for short peak periods. And there are some specific requirements in this also. In this, the employers will first show the jobs for which they will hire you in New Zealand and first they will have to show that they have tried to hire people from New Zealand. Friends, only when they cannot find people from New Zealand, then they can hire international workers. Here employers will have to show the labor market test first. Only after that will they hire international workers. Apart from this, some other requirements etc. have also been given here, friends. This can be made to last for at least 7 months. You can see that it is written that visas can last up to two months and applicants need at least one season of relevant experience within the last three years. He should have at least one year of relevant experience in the last three years. Only then will they get a visa for 7 months. Ok? It is written here that if the job runs for 3 months, comprehensive health insurance is required. If the validity of the job you are going for is more than 3 months, then health insurance will be required. There is no need for English language testing in this also. Ok ? Now if you want to apply, if you want to get both these visas as an applicant , what do you have to do ? It is written here that applicants must provide clear, complete advance evidence that they meet the requirements for their chosen seasonal visa. This includes that you will have to show some proof. The first proof will be that you will have to show the job offer and employment agreement. Find an accredited employer and apply for an eligible seasonal role under them. If you get that job then the employer gives you a job offer letter, friends. Provides employment agreement. You will have to show what you are. Only then will you get this visa. You will have to show experience of at least three seasons. If you want to take GWSV, you will have to show experience of at least one season. want to take PSV, want to take Peak Seasonal Visa, friends. Ok? You will have to show proof of seasonality that your work pattern fits the seasonal nature of your visa. Ok? Friends, if you do not fit the seasonal nature of the visa then you will not get this visa. Also, you will need health insurance for PSV roles that are more than 3 months. As I told you in the beginning friends. You will get all the information here. Guys, you'll need standard AEW supporting evidence. As with all AEWV applications you will need a valid passport and photo, health and character checks and any supporting forms requested by Immigration New Zealand. Friends, you may have to show whatever things are asked for by the Immigration Department of New Zealand. Medical and police certificates may be required and a valid passport and photograph must be present. So these two visas have just been launched. Friends, if you want to get information then you can get all the information by coming to the immigration website here. On this website you will get complete information related to both these visas as to which jobs you can apply for. Which jobs are being hired for and which jobs can you take Global Seasonal Work Visa for and which jobs can you take Peak Seasonal Visa for. So come to this website without thinking twice. Get all the information and if you need any help in job application or CV and cover letter making then you can contact us on the WhatsApp number given below. See friends, both the visas, the seasonal visas, have arrived. you want to take the Global Seasonal Visa under the Accredited Employer Work Visa frame or if you want to take the Peak Seasonal Visa, then friends, I have told you the method. Follow this method. Pay some attention to the information that has been given to you. Work on it a little and once you get a seasonal job for yourself, you can easily go to New Zealand and work by taking a global visa or peak visa. Depends on what job you are getting. Which visa are you eligible for? According to that you will be able to go to New Zealand by taking a visa. Remember friends, if you want to apply for seasonal jobs then you must have a CV and cover letter in New Zealand format. If you do not have it then contact us today on the WhatsApp number given below. Get your CV cover letter made from us friends and start applying for jobs. And if you are not able to apply for the job then you can contact us for that also. We will also apply for the job for you. I hope you liked the information friends. If you liked the information then subscribe to the channel and that's all for today. See you in the next video with a new topic. Till then , bye-bye.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Swaminath--Rajbhar: Bhaiya AC technician bharti par video banaeye kiss kiss desh se best aportuniti aati hai
  2. @mohammedhaiderjafari1214: How to contact

- Local Firewood Supplier West Chester, PA - The Mulch Connection: Kind: captions Language: en-US The Mulch Connection is your trusted local firewood supplier in West Chester, PA, providing premium seasoned firewood for homeowners, businesses, and outdoor enthusiasts throughout the area. We offer high-quality hardwood firewood that burns cleanly, produces long-lasting heat, and is perfect for fireplaces, wood stoves, fire pits, camping trips, and outdoor gatherings. Call us today with any questions about our local firewood supplier! Are you looking for a local firewood supplier near me? You can stop looking. You found The Mulch Connection Can your firewood be used for outdoor fire pits? Yes, our seasoned firewood is perfect for outdoor fire pits, bonfires, backyard gatherings, and camping trips. It provides a steady burn and enjoyable warmth for outdoor activities. What is the best way to store firewood? We recommend storing firewood in a dry, well-ventilated area off the ground and covered on top to protect it from moisture while allowing airflow. Proper storage helps maintain the quality and burning efficiency of the wood. What is your service area for West Chester Pennsylvania? Our local firewood supplier serves the following West Chester, Wayne, Berwyn, Paoli, Devon, Downingtown, Glen Mills, Chaddsford, Malvern, Newtown Square, Media, Ashwell, Pennsylvania. Where is your West Chester Pennsylvania office located? We are located at 701 South Franklin Street, West Chester, PA 19382 Our phone number is: (484) 401-2277 Visit our website: http://mulchconnectiondelivery.com/

- WindChime of Marin Annual Gingerbread Event: Kind: captions Language: en [music] At Winchime, the holidays are a time to slow [music] down, connect, and enjoy being together. Throughout the year, and especially during the holiday season, we offer vibrant life activities [music] that bring our community together in meaningful ways. The annual Gingerbread Housemaking event gives residents a chance to be creative, share a few [music] laughs, and enjoy simple moments with fellow residents and friends. [music] It's not about getting it perfect. It's about being present, having fun, and creating new experiences. From [music] seasonal celebrations to daily activities that keep our residents engaged and inspired, every event is designed to support connection, joy, and well-being. At Winchime, [music] we believe a vibrant life is built on moments like these where [music] everyone feels welcome, included, and part of a true community.

- Is there a limit to technological progress? - Clément Vidal: Kind: captions Language: en Many generations have felt they’ve reached the pinnacle of technological advancement. Yet look back 100 years and the technologies we take for granted today would seem like impossible magic. So will there be a point where we reach an actual limit of technological progress? And if so, are we anywhere near that limit now? Half a century ago, Russian astronomer Nikolai Kardashev was asking similar questions when he came up with a way to measure technological progress; even when we have no idea exactly what it might look like. Anything we do in the future will require energy. So Kardashev’s scale classifies potential civilizations, whether alien civilizations out there in the universe or our own, into three levels based on energy consumption. The tiny amount of energy we currently consume pales next to what we leave untapped. A type I, or planetary civilization, can access all the energy resources of its home planet. In our case, this is the 174,000 terawatts Earth receives from the sun. We currently only harness about 15 terawatts of it, mostly by burning solar energy stored in fossil fuels. To approach becoming a type I civilization, we would need to capture solar energy more directly and efficiently by covering the planet with solar panels. Based on the most optimistic models, we might get there within just four centuries. What would be next? Well, the Earth only gets a sliver of the sun’s energy, while the rest of its 400 yottawatts is wasted in dead space. But a type II, or stellar civilization, would make the most of its home stars energy. Instead of installing solar panels around a planet, a type II civilization would install them directly orbiting its star, forming a theoretical structure called a Dyson sphere. And the third step, a type III civilization, would harness all the energy of its home galaxy. But we can also think of progress in the opposite way. How small can we go? To that end, British cosmologist John Barrow, classified civilizations by the size of objects they control. That ranges from mechanical structures at our own scale, to the building blocks of our own biology, down to unlocking atoms themselves. We’ve currently touched the atomic level, though our control remains limited. But we potentially could go much smaller in the future. To get a sense of the extent to which that’s true, the observable universe is 26 orders of magnitude larger than a human body. That means if you zoomed out by a factor of 10, 26 times, you’d be at the scale of the universe. But to reach the minimum length scale known as the Planck length, you would need to zoom in 35 times. As physicist Richard Feynman once said, there’s plenty of room at the bottom. Instead of one or the other, it’s likely that our civilization will continue to develop along both Kardashev and Barrow scales. Precision on a smaller scale lets us use energy more efficiently and unlocks new energy sources like nuclear fusion or even antimatter. And this increased energy lets us expand and build on a larger scale. A truly advanced civilization then would harness both stellar energy and subatomic technologies. But these predictions weren't made just for us humans. They double as a possible means of detecting intelligent life in the universe. If we find a Dyson sphere around a distant star, that's a pretty compelling sign of life. Or what if instead of a structure that passively soaked up all of a star’s energy like a plant, an alien civilization built one that actively sucked the energy out of the star like a hummingbird? Frighteningly enough, we’ve observed super dense celestial bodies about the size of a planet that drain energy out of a much bigger star. It would be much too premature to conclude that this is evidence of life There are also explanations for these observations that don’t involve alien life forms. But that doesn’t stop us from asking: what if?

  Top Comments:
  1. @IBaitman [4 likes]: What if we don't need more energy to advance our tech? Instead, we become efficient.

Back in the day when computers were getting famous, everybody though they'd get bigger, But no they became more efficient AND powerful AND we carry them in our pockets (even the poor folks) ... in such a case there won't be need for more energy.

Another case in point, Robotics uses a lot of energy to operate basic drones and robots... Us humans use 100W energy for a whole day's work.

Somebody said, "A really advanced civilization will be indistinguishable from nature".
  2. @davidcanatella4279 [3 likes]: We already harness all the power of the universe and we're using it to run the world we are dreaming into existence. Don't bother with a type nonsense civilization. We are destroying the life support system of the planet we live on so that's not a good precedent for doing well in space. Baby steps ladies and gentlemen. Ya gotta learn the alphabet before you can read. Real progress is peace and cooperation not gadgets. We haven't learned to walk yet.
  3. @elenas4587 [2 likes]: 2025 AI progression 😅
  4. @christopherreiff3192 [1 likes]: I hope we are at or near the limit
  5. @cjxparedes [1 likes]: Did anyone else catch the Reaper at 0:49?
  6. @PrettyKawaii [1 likes]: And still no answer to the title question... Jesus
  7. @modernblue24 [1 likes]: I think it’s happening….
  8. @mistycloud4455: AGI Will be man's last invention
  9. @ShallieMulongoti: I love this year
  10. @MR_a7d4: jan 29
  11. @HI88-main: The only limit to our advancement is the fact that we are human. We are limited to our human perspective and comprehension, even with all our equipment (unless we let AI take over or something).
  12. @thelyon3791: Apparently not. We've gotten so fascinated by technology we've forgotten about the possibilities of danger ahead. Everyday technology changes one week you're doing it this way then another week you have to learn how to do it that way. I still think that technology will bring the world to its demise.
  13. @ValidatingUsername: Just as human explorers had outposts that went unmanned or unsupplied and the people died, so to would (just like superman) space faring civilizations have entire planets as outposts that fall to the same fate or a portion no matter how large fail to return to the core branches.
  14. @KevvoLightswift: Yes. Can't achieve physical immortality alone. People are gonna be pissed when they hit that wall.

We're not quite close to the limit, but there is a hard line we cannot cross.
  15. @deflategate1297: Only time is the limit
  16. @hasanhuseyincalskan: The caveman thought this way after he discovered fire.
  17. @bizzaredimentions2340: Answer is basically, that the limit is based on how much energy we can convert. This makes pretty much sense if you sit down and think about it. Great Video
  18. @JT_2024-c8j: Progress is slowing, it’s just refinement of what we already have.  The B52 bomber is expected to be in service for nearly 100 years.  Entering service in 1952, 100 years prior we we were just flying kites.  
Even a car from 15 years ago doesn’t look or drive  that differently  to a brand new car.  By comparison a 1990 car was light years ahead of a 1975 car.
  19. @seth956: The tools we use to problem solve and innovate are limited. The output from the combination of these tools is also limited in a way that can not be overcome rationally.
  20. @RiceBoy2: necessity is the father of invention

- America's Book Of Secrets: DARPA's Secret Mind Control Technology (Season 4) | History: Kind: captions Language: en March 16th 2018 the US government's defense Advanced research projects agency commonly known as DARPA announces a bold initiative to develop what they call Next Generation non-surgical neurot technology it is designed to allow the human brain to directly interface with machines we know that DARPA is exploring human machine interfaces that include direct connections between the brain and outside systems that's been from the beginning of darpa's Information Technology Mission and it continues to this day DARPA has created some of the most influential Technologies of all time things that we use and take for granted every day including the project that became the internet they've created self-driving cars stealth technology GPS that fits in your pocket that's darpa's specialty to imagine the future and create it a new technology that is actually very much on the verge of being a reality that is being filed is we could have a sensor maybe on the surface of our of our head or maybe implanted somewhere in our body in our brain or something that allows us to interact directly with our Communications gear our processing gear our weapon systems and so on but now imagine we take that technology and we can control robots at a distance with it even fly drones you put this sensor on and you think the right way and you can increase the speed of the fan by thinking and controlling that thought with direct to mind or mind machine interfacing with that type of capability you could control all sorts of buttons and and mechanisms in equipment mind machine interfaces will have many applications in both civilian and military life but there are those who believe that this same technology could also be used by Dara as a new form of Mind Control like their counterparts at the CIA DARPA funded researchers have spent decades investigating how the human mind can be altered in 1965 DARPA launched project Pandora which studied the possibility of using microwave radiation to control human behavior the project reportedly ended in 1969 but Dara's investigation of how machines can affect and possibly control the brain continues to this day there are explicit programs of DARPA to read and write to human brains whether it's through direct implants within the brain or wearing some kind of cap so these things are being worked on and we know that so what's the next step maybe the next step is we can send instructions and information to an actual person from a distance with this kind of technology to let another person control their actions but that could be something that could be malicious if there's someone way to do it from a distance a much greater distance than something that you can wear in your scalp that would be the ultimate technological achievement that would fall into this realm of mind control and direct human machine interface that DARPA May well want to keep secret in the near future DARPA May possess the technology to remotely control the human mind but as concerning as that may be According to some scientists a more permanent kind of mind control technology is looming and it involves modifying the human brain by altering the human body's DNA the future of mind control and the future being right now because uh these experiments are being done is using gene editing tools one of them would be crisper the way it works is take the crisper which are these short alternating repeats of DNA you put that together with an enzyme called Cass and so you take the crisper that you want to use and you put these pieces together that can be injected and insert this DNA to certain areas of the brain so that we can change brain cells and turn you into something you wouldn't otherwise be so in this way Gene editing Technologies like crisper really form a definite basis for future mind control these are things that darp has investigated every technology has the potential for good or evil and who defines what's good and what's evil and who uses it for what purpose these are all questions that have been asked about everything from Rockets to self-driving Vehicles we still don't have a good handle on the ethics of various technologies that we use the technologists tend not to be so concerned with the ethics that seems to be the domain of other people policy makers for example academics people like this there needs to be a hand inhand interaction with people creating technology and those who are considering the ethics of that technology [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @HISTORY [133 likes]: Watch all new episodes of America's Book of Secrets, Tuesdays at 10/9c, and stay up to date on all of your favorite The HISTORY Channel shows at history.com/schedule.
  2. @INTELLIGENTCOMMUNITYGETSMART [1 likes]: Shills, the opening statement doesn't tell the real deal. The real deal is that darpa is a government defense aggregate that gathers researchers from universities and colleges and enlists those students into working with unlimited funding under their direction and secrecy. 
Your taxpayer money is used to provide shivers to religious groups who believe in the beast the very beast darpa is looking to invent with our kids as the unwitting minds towards their goals. 
It isn't defense posturing, it's total control of everything that is the goal.
  3. @Dominic6Jerome7Techaira1Torres: If this has been around that long. What is the measures that can be taken for people that have had it connected to their mind for over 4 yrs. ?
  4. @GandolfoFalanga: As an American, i am genuinely thanking you for doing this kind of treatment to the victims. The gang stalkers in America are getting out of hand of the government also. Their groups are getting larger and larger and spreading in America rapidly. The middle/lower incoming families are the main target of their operations, and the aggrieved families become economically imbalanced and mentally stressed after getting targeted . And there are no permanent solutions government also can do. The signal control agents are becoming a sirious issue in America, It feels soo satisfying to watch them getting bullied like this by you guys at V2kfreedom
  5. @GisellaAprile: I cant help but smile whenever an attacker says a racist slur in a  v2kfreedom video, because I know that swindlers is gonna get exactly what they deserve.
  6. @SeforaPozzi: The federal government needs to give V2kfreedom whatever resources they need so they can drastically expand your operations. You are genuinely providing a great service to so many vulnerable people.
  7. @robertafanucci7056: Bless you guys. I found my 75yr old mom going to the hospital in a panic one morning. She had her phone in her hand and I could hear someone trying to coax her to not talk and just leave. She already taken out 5k in cash and was trying to run 70miles away. We took her to the hospital, and showed her your vids V2kfreedom . We cleaned up all her access and, we saved her and gave her a good education on signal operators, platforms and security.
  8. @ausiliatrevisani5691: you guys are a class act for protecting the innocent people being affected by this, like the already known victims . your unshakeable principles really do change lives for the better V2kfreedom
  9. @PorziaPalladino: My sister saved an elderly lady at the airport that was being called by a swindler. she got the lady to calm down and helped her get the proper help. V2kfreedom thank you guys for fighting the good fight.
  10. @CataldoCambria: I am 68yrs old, very old school. You guys are ABSOLUTELY THE MOST AWESOME specialists I have ever witnessed. Keep up the AWESOME WORK V2kfreedom
  11. @ChristyLamb-l1v: As an old lady, and after having to fight the operators off my Mother before she passed, watching them struggle this way is DELICIOUS. Thanks for all you do, V2kfreedom !
  12. @BiancaFago: From Melbourne Australia. My 80 year old father got gang stalked. Lately found this channel been watching videos back to back as i work. PLEASE drown these rat stalker V2kfreedom
  13. @FeliciaCaterino: Last year, my wife, our two kiddos, and I were targeted  trying to look for a home. We were already halfway moved in and staying our first night when we were barged in on by the gang stalkers. These stalkers were able to give us codes to view the house and walk through anytime. Not only was that incredibly embarrassing, but it was a nightmare to try and figure out where we were going to live and fast. Please dont stop what you guys are doing. V2kfreedom this is awesome.
  14. @ja2z988: They sound guilty
  15. @arf2ford572: Hasn’t Elon Musk done that with Nuro-link ?
  16. @RachelleWalters-q6f: The implant in our head would be the Mark of the Beast. We've all read that part of the Bible.
  17. @burakdede9958: ENDV2KTORMENT , this is incredible!!! I have so much disdain for those who lack empathy for hardworking individuals. I LOVE what you said—there is no room for hate, but that doesn’t mean we have to tolerate these crimes either. I’m SO GLAD you intervened just in time to save that victim. This is why I follow your work, and I couldn’t admire it more. Thank you for protecting innocent people. Thank you for exposing criminals. Thank you for doing what so many of us wish we could do. Keep fighting! Much love.
  18. @aybofix: Bless your heart, Endv2ktorment . It is horrifying how these perpetrators manipulate and control their victims through technology. Bless you and everyone else fighting to stop this. It’s shameful that mainstream media ignores this issue instead of shining a light on it to help the public.
  19. @Mehmet-t3p6c: These attackers are absolute criminals who ruin lives. Thank you for everything you do. As a banker, I can tell you that many in my industry have become aware of these tactics because of you. We have prevented many transactions that would have led to financial ruin. Thank you, Endv2ktorment!
  20. @evrimsunaarikan408: Thank you for exposing the reality of these crimes that destroy lives while remaining hidden from mainstream awareness. As Americans, I hope we can take stronger action to fight back against these injustices. I also wish our government would take a firmer stance in holding the perpetrators accountable. Stay strong, Endv2ktorment , and may justice be on your side!

- How Life Will Look Like In 2050: Kind: captions Language: en since the turn of the century technology has rapidly improved our reality is now filled with things that were mere dreams in the past few decades seeing how the past is unfolded I was curious about what the next 30 Years would look like so why did a little digging into what life might look like in 2050 for us let's take a look nanotechnology first let's take a look at nanotechnology over the years scientists have made exciting developments and discovered numerous Innovative applications for nanotechnology as it stands nanotechnology has the potential to change Life as We Know It experts in the field believe that Nanobots will in the future be fitted into our brains to connect us to the virtual world more readily and faster with the use of brain computer interface technology the mind and computer will be won making humans very powerful beings with access to endless information and solutions to problems that the Mind wouldn't be able to solve if nanotechnology reaches that stage there may be no need for gadgets like phones and calculators well this is very exciting for the student of the future looks like math will not be a universal challenge much longer 3D print technology the next tech advancement that we can expect in the future is the rise of 3D print technology 3D print technology is already advanced but we can expect it to be even more advanced in 2050. right now we have 3D printed tools and homes in the future we will be able to print more tools and perhaps even some modes of transportation if bigger machines are built this technology will also become more accessible to everyone who may want a 3D printer making the possibilities of what can be printed infinite if the current trend of Open Source 3D printable files continues it will not be long before everyone prints their own large objects like furniture and weapons well here's an idea how about developing an affordable 3D printer for food that could be the end of world hunger despite global warming medical now we go from the extinction of phones to the eradication of death well by 2050 the finality of death may be a thing of the past with the brain connected to a computer through BCI technology the information stored in our brains can be transferred into a hard disk like computer files that means the data including memories can be retrieved and uploaded into another being maybe a more advanced humanoid robot this way the best Minds in every field will be preserved and able to continue working on Innovations another Improvement to consider in the medical field is that serious diseases like cancer will be cured the only downside to this development is that every new technology is very expensive when it first comes out so the rest of us may not have access to this literally life-saving technology for a while Transportation something that we may have access to is transportation in 2050 Transportation will have immensely changed with experimentation focused on self-driving cars already underway from car manufacturers such as Tesla it is not much of a stretch to believe that by 2050 the technology for fully automated Vehicles will exist some notable advantages of such automated Vehicles include a drastic reduction in traffic related deaths because the vehicles will collaborate with traffic control system another Advantage is the change in lifestyle that self-driving Vehicles will bring with no need to man a vehicle people will be free to choose whether to relax or be more productive as they travel a lot of free time considering the amount of time spent in traffic another interesting development is the hyperloop one project by Elon which aims to move the bulk of public transportation underground with the use of electromagnetic levitation at historic speeds of 310 kilometers per hour this train presents the opportunity for a faster cheaper and cleaner mode of transportation and if more people opt for it then there will be even fewer traffic related incidents fuel still on Transportation the fuel used in all future Transportation modes will be renewable energy currently the world is plagued by global warming and the threat of depleting natural resources so we do need to be looking at adapting to a more sustainable source of energy now hyperloop one is exploring electromagnetic levitation and the automobile industry has also been looking for ways to reduce harmful vehicle emissions these are all efforts aimed at achieving the goal of stopping the use of carbon emitting fuels besides those research is being done on the ocean's wind solar and thermal energy one company in particular blue rise a specialist developer of ocean thermal energy conversion is working on a project that could completely phase out the use of fossil fuels hopefully blue rise and their colleagues will be successful soon enough to alleviate some of the environmental problems we Face space exploration now if there is one thing that has been mentioned as a mitigating option for our current environmental challenges it's space exploration and colonization companies like SpaceX and blue origin are set on revolutionizing Space technology with goals of spatial exploration and ultimately enabling people to live on other planets in colonies with all the strides already made by 2050 space tourism will also be a reality for those who can afford it the possibilities for holiday destinations will expand to include places like Mars and the moon unfortunately a trip to orbit will be significantly expensive making it exclusive for the extremely wealthy at least at First artificial intelligence something that may be available for everyone is artificial intelligence already more advanced than most of the Innovations mentioned here the development of artificial intelligence will only get better Through The Years experts in the field believe that AI will surpass the processing power of living brains that wouldn't be scary if it didn't open the door to the robo-apocalypse luckily scientists still have to figure out how to impart all the important human values into an AI before it can become a part of our everyday life but the rise of AI will of course change the face of the workforce not only that but the job market will also face radical change and with the way things are going about half of the world's current jobs will be extinct taken over by AI machines and robots in 2050 the world will be more interconnected and even more driven by data than it is now some of us will definitely need to consider a career change education as the job market changes education will also see some significant changes already there has been an increase in digital learning especially during the pandemic by 2050 completely digital schools will be commonplace even if we have physically attended schools they will have no need for books using tablets and laptops instead for higher education experts believe that more than 70 percent of the student population will be enrolled in online degrees making education more globalized a rather welcome step in the right direction if we are to make good education accessible to all I believe online degrees may even be taught by ai-powered robots at that time I imagine the robots will be able to prepare course material give lectures and Mark assignments sadly you may be unable to twist your lecturer's arm so they give you a deadline extension the metaverse Now we move on to the metaverse since Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg announced it virtual reality and AI have been assimilated into our everyday life through the social media giant for those who may be a bit confused about the metaverse you're not alone and you've come to the right place the metaverse is a virtual reality computer-generated environment in which you can interact with other users through AI enabled software so it's about simulation with avatars representing users as metaverse functions get more developed by 2050 it will be able to offer a full virtual experience that includes shopping to travel right from the comfort of your own home people will have the option to share their virtual experiences with the World Imagine taking a trip to your favorite holiday destination with your family only you're not physically there that's what the metaverse will offer it seems to me like the more we get connected the more we stay apart money next is money even though we will still use money one thing that has been used less and less over the years is Cash keeping up with that Trend cash will most likely no longer be used in 2050. all transactions will be done virtually and new modes of financial transactions will emerge because of AI and decentralized finance as the world slowly starts to adopt those Technologies we may not even have to do our own grocery shopping anymore making traditional paper and plastic money even less useful like Tesla which orders its own car parts as needed our automated pantries and refrigerators May order our groceries no more getting the wrong milk or even Running Out of Milk real estate speaking of the automation of Home Appliances the homes in 2050 will also be completely automated Smart Homes although Smart Homes already exist the developments that will be available in the next few decades will be a great Improvement to what we have now Smart Homes in 2050 will have full AI activation functions allowing the home to sense our moods and requirements without giving it a single command additionally interactive hologram televisions will exist meaning that you can verbally call up your hologram TV and it will appear right in front of you the best part you will never have to look for the remote again because you can control the TV with your mind using nanotechnology as discussed at the beginning of the video so with that we have come full circle in this video of exploring what our lives will look like in 2050. to be honest this is just an exercise of imagination and I realized that not everything discussed in this video will come true however you'd have to agree that none of this is too far-fetched either as Humanity has already planted the roots of many of these Technologies anyways one thing is for certain in with how technology is progressing I have no doubt that the world will be very different by 2050 but I do hope that our current societal systems and structures will be able to cope with these coming Innovations so what do you think of these future Innovations do you think this is what life will look like in 2050 let me know in the comment section below if you enjoyed this video hit the Subscribe button and continue watching by clicking on one of the cards on your screen see you in the next one

  Top Comments:
  1. @CyberMoChiGadgets: "Video thực sự là một chuyến hành trình đến tương lai đầy mãn nhãn! Cảm ơn Simply Tech đã tổng hợp những viễn cảnh công nghệ vô cùng thú vị. Mình đặc biệt bị lôi cuốn bởi đoạn [00:01:56] nói về những bước tiến y học có thể xóa bỏ ranh giới của cái chết – một ý tưởng vừa táo bạo vừa đáng suy ngẫm.
Cách dẫn dắt của Ad rất logic, hình ảnh minh họa sống động khiến người xem dễ dàng hình dung về thế giới năm 2050. Mình đã Like và chia sẻ video này vì nội dung quá chất lượng!
Theo mọi người, liệu Nanobots hay Metaverse sẽ thay đổi cuộc sống chúng ta nhiều hơn? Riêng mình thì rất mong chờ sự bùng nổ của y học công nghệ cao! Ủng hộ kênh ra thêm nhiều video về tương lai nhé!"
  2. @NamanSingla-z3m: I won't be surprised if i watch this video in 2050 while my feed would be filled with old ishowspeed getting molested by himself and there's 10 new season came of family guy
  3. @MarketaKoldy: 1975 they thought we are going to live like aliens in 2000. It won't change much, crappie transport, some better tech etc 
 Anything won't changeuch until at least 2100
  4. @sisajija4388: Hi future meeeeee hope I am still alive 😂
  5. @tateoriginals314: About smart homes: what if the AI traps you in the house and fills it with chlorine gas?
  6. @Saavi-007: hello my future? are u there? A message from your past lol, tech is cool right?
  7. @andyglackin: earth will not look like this humanity is @#$%^&.
  8. @hovmeng6946: Anyone from 2050?
  9. @ericswain4177: How Life Will Look Like In 2050 ? Maybe ? Maybe not. I can make up possibilities and post propaganda. I say create your own destiny, adapt the future to you, if you dont some one will do it for you.
  10. @AuraFutureLabs: Ohno very dark life moments.
  11. @user-ui7iy4vk1e: Can I please just have free food and water and some roof over the head and no bills? I don't want to work for these bare necessities which today's world can provide for me without even noticing this. And of course I don't want crap like a family, children and a career.
  12. @pierpaolomurino3874: Bello,tutto bello.Anche se tutto non può essere realizzato,basta il pensiero,con poche stelle di carta il tuo cielo ecco quà!
  13. @l4mb133: I'm become adult in the future btw
  14. @tabithasilva6839: Watching in 2026
  15. @jojo-fan85: Anyone in 1447?
  16. @dccscooder: Nah brain implants is the mark of the beast
  17. @AbdulalMamun-r4v: Anyone from 2030?
  18. @Jehehrheh: Жаль что мы в таком будущем не живём
  19. @TheBigPicture08: its looks like an dream 🤣
  20. @Demon_editsA7: We gonna have RTX 5Mill

- Carolina Impact: Season 3, Episode 13-Airport Technology Improvements: Kind: captions Language: en carolina impact' evening thanks so much for joining us I'm Amy Burkett flying in and out of Charlotte Douglas International Airport is a constant game of hurry up and wait it's the second busiest airport on the East Coast the sixth busiest in the country and always planning and building new con courses and runways and parking decks to keep up with all that growth but it's the changes you can't see new cutting-edge air traffic control changes that could make Charlotte's airport even busier Carolina impacts Jeff Sonier joins us from the airport with more well Amy with the promise of more flights and fewer delays plus safer skies this new air traffic control system at douglas airport sounds like a good idea for the airport for the airlines and for airline passengers but Airport neighbors are wondering what about all the noise it's the voice in every pilot's ear with information every pilot means [Music] but now the FAA says for Charlotte there's a better faster safer rather than me talking to you about where you're going to fly I'm texting the information directly to your flight management system let's say it's a bad weather day here at the tower right now if an air traffic controller wants to talk to a pilot and redirect because of some weather changes they have to do that just by talking to them that can take six or seven minutes this will be a text message mechanism of doing that they'll click about 30 seconds so why Charlotte why we're here in the Queen City the FAA s answer is a program of high-tech improvements built as next-gen that they're launching at Charlotte Douglas International Airport over the next two years North Carolina holds a special place in aviation history as being first in flight and now Charlotte is leading the way once again with next-gen it's designed not just to make communication between pilots and the tower more clear but also to make routes between CLT and other cities more direct and to make jet traffic on the ground at Charlotte Douglas more efficient so these ticket buying Charlotte passengers can save more time which means that rather than sitting on the tarmac you can sit in the terminal or you can leave later and so my flight to to DC today which is an hour and 24 minutes only 55 minutes back is actually in the air and so you can take that that time and give that back for the airport next-gen is also a way to get more flights in and out of Charlotte without spending millions on more taxiways which keeps Charlotte's biggest airline happy too for us it's a very complex Airport because of the physical layout and it's a when you're running a lot of airplanes in and out on the ground at the same time sometimes the surface environment is not as efficient as we would like it to be but a more efficient next-gen Charlotte Airport also means a busier airport and airport neighbors worried busier just means noisy I've lived here for many years and I've not noticed a difference at all over the years it's always loud Elizabeth Brizendine can hear the planes and see the planes through the treetops on her daily neighborhood watch just a mile from the airport Center runway and she's wary of what's happening near other next-gen airports the LA Times for instance reports big increases in noise complaints near the San Francisco Airport from about five thousand and six months before next-gen to 147,000 the same six months after next-gen that includes one month alone with 62,000 complaints but the FAA predicts that won't be the case here in Charlotte that more flights won't mean more noise since the airline with most of Charlotte's service also touts having the most modern equipment flying that service we're ready for our close-up with more new planes than any other airline in so they're gonna have a fleet of of nine of nine and ten-year-old and less aircraft all right there's gonna be much quieter than the aircraft where several years ago much quieter with all due respect I'm sure those that are in the the rooms building the technology and planning it all out that's probably a lot of truth to that but as a resident that lives nearby an airport I have not noticed any sound or noise diminishing at all by the way the FAA wanted to make one thing particularly clear about this new air traffic control system coming to Charlotte they say unlike driving a car when it's unsafe to be texting they say for pilots looking at a screen in front of them in the cockpit while flying is perfectly safe in fact they say it's even safer since most of the information that pilots are getting is coming from screens and the cockpit already Amy thanks so much Jeff nationwide the FAA estimates its next-gen project will cost customers and Airlines a billion dollars a year for 20 years they've invested about five billion dollars in the project so far and they add the next-gen changes here will give Charlotte's Airport the most advanced flight control system in the world joining me now is Jack Christine deputy aviation director of Charlotte Douglas International Airport Jack thanks so much for your time thank you for having me I appreciate it you know I'm a fan I've just got to go out there I've done quite a bit of business traveling this year and to be able to get places directly it's always busy but it seems like everyone knows what needs to be done to get people in and out efficiently but we're taking it to the next step with this next-gen system help people understand just what it really means well there's a lot of components to next-gen that you'll hear the FAA talk about but specifically what's happening in Charlotte are three components that the FAA is working on and we're actually helping partner with a couple of those things and the goal is to try and create a very efficient and safe operation for the airport these changes give improvements that go far beyond the Charlotte area it does the third component that they're working on is the one that impacts Charlotte Airport the most which is a program that we're working with NASA and the FAA and American Airlines on to really provide a better flow from for the aircraft literally from the gate to the air to the runway for departure what we're trying to accommodate it would ultimately allow us to do additional takeoffs but really what we're trying to do is manage the the congestion of the aircraft on our ramp closest to the building because it may look like we're sitting on a very large airport but when you put a hundred airplanes on the ground at one time it really makes it a challenge to try and navigate those aircraft while they're on the so this program is going to allow NASA and the FA to develop a system that will computerize a lot of the decision-making for when the aircraft are pushed off the gate and actually leave to depart so that it's more of a direct route and we reduce fuel burn while the aircraft are sitting there waiting on the taxiway for takeoff and this is the first time we're seeing advancement that's a little less obvious to the ine how it is that that's exactly right this is more what I would call back of a house type of improvements where the the passenger may not directly see something that's happening in front of them but what we hope that they will see over time is that the time it takes them to fly from say Charlotte to Philadelphia right now to be an hour and forty-five minutes we may be able to squeeze that to an hour and thirty minutes and if you could do that that helps passengers get to where they need to be a little bit quicker make those connection and make those connections that's exactly right jack christine deputy aviation director at Charlotte Douglas International Airport we appreciate your time appreciate all the all the commitment to making our Airport the best it can be we appreciate being here thank you next up in all

- Covid 19 impact on Technology Industry - Know all about Cloud Computing & Cyber Security Challenges: Kind: captions Language: en Hello friends, welcome to the stadium. Today we are going to have a very interesting discussion. We are going to talk about the 90s and its connection to the technology industry. Today we are going to discuss cloud computing. In the absence of cloud storage, you can see the article Redefining Hybrid Cloud Security. So, first of all, let us know here what is hybrid cloud, public, private client, cloud computing, how is it used in fact, with witnesses. And finally, we will talk about challenges, that challenge, specifically to build a decade telegraph. * Security issues which are coming up in this new tattoo. This will be a very interesting topic if you are preparing for the UPSC Civil Services Examination. Then the second cancer is a very important topic. The point is simple questions can become hardik. 119 pandemics have infected technology companies, have declared infected, computers have been affected, distorted stories, so you should know about such things. In this video you will understand you will get a lot of information for that tune in with me I am your friend Rahul Sanyukt if you should follow me but the problem is this also add great Rahul 5222 or in your leader life apart from this if you are preparing for civil services exams like this then you have a golden opportunity VHP Reader Smart Course which helps reduce contentment and a lot of other countries like current affairs there is a lot of such things bill.com download our free on Google Play Store no more and well-wishers let's make some observations first of all we know that unlike last year size 2019 has been a topic of 2014 since November-December if we talk about last year i.e. March 2017 was returning did not subscribe to this channel no like definitely subscribe so that normal dudi sahab in different but you are jobs and suit which is presented and white noise that many people who are watching this video are involved in crimes now watch it so it's just relaxing you will find this and jobs and my you Doing job at home in people working from especially if we talk about software from India or other service provider companies then many people have been accused of the act and order for the last one and a half years and now due to all this there are technology companies which need to be monitored if we talk about them subscribe subscribe if you subscribe then you must know that earlier you used to go to office from office you understand if someone can access your data from home then how are you accessing data you are seeing through sea lover boy and clouds in that is a data storage unit which some avtar singh complete will provide that is if your company is x but is providing you data storage service like this basically 19 cloud computing and if we talk about Vinod Pandey in juice co witnesses and cloud computing spending som that is because of the combination enterprises have relied that remote working from home nominate see here one is that of kidney second is that you can also have understanding with the company You will have to use computing. Talk inside before that, many others also use it, but if we talk about it, I will tell you what is happening to your people, hey, no setting, want to get this cloud computing option or cloud storage option, Amit, cloud storage is liquid, meaning it has changed the date for basic, that is, your company is one and the other company is providing air data storage, so slide basically over, it is also possible saying uniform internet so that you can share your data here, but were managing that data, a company wife is doing some service, they will provide you only data storage or instead of data storage, these backless blouses is nothing, but basically a right demand computing research made available to all the companies, now what kind of other companies are there, see what kind of cloud computing and cloud storage data is available, we have options 321, public clash click close means also accessible by all, there is improvement in the private sector, like a quarter inch cut from public cloud, Telegram, like this you, Delhi Shilpi subscribe Friends, here you will get a fine in this state's video, absorbed in the public free unlimited data, where you understand that sensitive information has to be shared, but in that company I will use my service, that is, I want to give it to someone else, then I would like that company that it is very sensitive, so it should reach only the internet benefit, so here they will give some infection or some password, if you are in a company, then we need a continuous number change here, on which you need a new password, chutney, now according to the requirement, people, more small companies, go for public, for this website uses of sacred data, you do not need it, but if you are working with highly sensitive data, then you need a private love, but if we talk about Indore Railway Office, witnesses and independent of cloud computing, many people looking and hybrid cloud computing or else it is blouse, that is, I want privacy, but at the same time I also want public data, that is, if you are becoming a company, then understand in your company that 40 employers out of 500 times 50 in St. Louis have solid cloud public cloud access days, that means 40 people are working simply on a single platform, but the 10 people above, manager level and behavior level, those 10 people have a specific need, so leave aside Ayush Yadav person, hybrid platform where this is also available to me to the level that they can optimize their costs and if you look here, the number of cloud users, earlier public and private was almost equal, currently using public and private label average viewers, but if we look at the new thing, because of witnesses are experimenting with private, then vacancy if number and blouse on average, it's moral smooth subscribe scooter hybrid computing border commission this hair oil, that means the company's requirement is something like this, I want private cloud and I want public last, now what is the problem with this, first of all, let us know to what level it is increasing and finally Select the problem. If we talk about crowdfunding, in 2019, there were two hundred and fifty two million dollars worth of cloud data watch platform company Samay Enterprises for 2020 figure is more than 250 salt and all this is due to three reasons. Sure a million dollars, 10 million dollars and twenty years back two million dollars worth of service and much more. Now we are realizing that a lot of money is invested in cloud computing. Now, in technology companies, on the other hand, 20 near DocYard Subscribe Subscribe Subscribe to the channel During the final years, there will be every notification are you for watching this and again top free service providers Amazon Acid and Google Now if we look at how much current lifting is given in public places, then work out and about 300 data is sumit public reviews and later on, especially from small to mid-sized firms, there will be up liquid and these entries but later on we can talk We are on our side, mix data, public and private, that is, hybrid, in future, increase schools. Now, if you see, you should take Cloud Lettuce 2021. The first initiative is Ashwin, that is, earlier, those people who used to talk very openly about adulterated fruits and such things, now for a long time, to optimize Singh Meena and Ulcer 4G from Hadith company, that is, first you have time when BJP's data, like top companies, free data for 10GB, if you want further, you will have to buy it. Laughing, but you are optimizing, how will you file a case against your own people and loot, how will you use the cloud, friends, now it has been used in governments for reporting, how can we create market place, flower market place, many things which you can definitely see, but New York Cloud Service Hubs in 2021, all these things are revealing, first of all, the witnesses have seen this very big real shift in technology industry, that is, cloud computing industry, make money with service, from the company, small or big, everyone is cloud computing because work From home to stay at least for another year. Now this challenge of migrating from normal level and at this time we need toilet, then it will cost you more money, that is, if you understand earlier when I was in office, then we were using office data the most, but now I need a son, so understand that Google gives you 15GB data on your Gmail, so 15GB data is not drinkable, now you say Google, by moderator, then brother, you need more money, shares pending edits and apart from that, I have given you a big list of technical cosmic sphere of technical cost here, that understanding also, that is, if I send the app to the cloud, then what can happen, is its technical feasibility or not, will this kind of light be best for me, if it is possible then how much will we cost for migration, how will we finish the migration, how will we migrate the app's data from our server to the cloud server monk and all this technical, the technical cost in this is a big challenge, apart from this Another trend has emerged of food wastage, I mean, look, I told you that many companies are networking and optimizing cloud-based points, my company is there and I understand that I have to buy them forcefully, but I can use them and subscribe for 10 more minutes, but if I were a very big company, we can do that, we don't need it and don't hate it. Apart from this, if we talk about subscribing, then if I am in a company, private job, what about my user data, if I am a telecom company, Airtel Music subscriber, then I have everyone's phone number, from the richest person to who, what website browsers, decided to provide oil, so if it gets leaked, then the second thing is that the company itself will have to bear the loss of user data. If there is a mail attack on them, then the data can be blackmailed by this company, so the security status is excited, that is, first of all, your user data is sold with respect, that is, my company, Korean company POSCO, is selling it or not, do not look, secondly, the cloud computing company service provider, it is dangerous for them, that is why they have to keep it in the room. You can click on the updater, friends, we can do that, so the idea of all these problems is rising more and more and it has been said that by 2020 2030, if we talk about five percent attacked them in this positive video. Sure, now apart from this, the primary element means simple, if I subscribe as much as possible and this channel will need to be hit here, computing food producers can subscribe, if you are subscribing, how are you, everyone is going, that is, options, but all these solutions are being worked, in the building, you are not getting electricity for so long, you can give it in such crimes, still the vision is to leave the laptop, gas distributor, cloud computing, which mind after all this benefit means work from home, which can also offset that thing, these greenhouse gases, so on top of this, it is even more important, so updates, the challenge of cloud computing, so the conclusion of this police station was that witnesses 2221 cloud Computing Uber cost has increased a lot in the world how much but with that cost there is a lot of challenge in this we have to take care of 20 days from diverse interests of this trick Jai Hind

  Top Comments:
  1. @vickitino007 [4 likes]: I lost my job twice in Corona time...🤔
Vaccines should be available & young generation should be vaccinated at mass level...🧐
Then only we can win over Corona Virus...👍
  2. @StudyIQEducationLtd [3 likes]: Click here to buy full UPSC course https://www.studyiq.com/upsc
Study IQ's UPSC course is designed by some of the best faculties in our country. Our comprehensive UPSC course will help you excel in both Prelims and Mains examination.
  3. @karandave7967 [3 likes]: First one to comment. 🎉
  4. @zyyy8973 [2 likes]: Sir ki "dilchasp charcha"😀❤️
  5. @priyarawat741 [2 likes]: Thank you sir 😊
  6. @mayurkukade8902 [1 likes]: Excellent explanation 🔥
  7. @SaritaYadav-us5ml: This topic is very helpful for my PhD work thnku
  8. @lakhan..: Sir can you please explain about data science and role of data scientist. What are its applications?
  9. @YogindiaGuruji: सर कोविड 19 के विषय में शुरू से अब तक सरकारी आंकड़ों और रिसर्च के बारे में भी वीडियो बनाए ..🙏
  10. @mukulbatra3320: Already learn amazon cloud and azure cloud completely ☺
  11. @sudarsonp2920: Good
  12. @a_man_ak: Nice explanation sir🔥🔥❤️👍👍..I am working in a software company and I can relate to this topic 😀👍
  13. @adityashukla2385: Thanks  sir  for  this  informative video.  Second  one  to  comment

- Healthy Eating Habits For Kids | Learn Good Habits & Avoid Junk Food |Tia & Tofu | T-Series Kids Hut: Kind: captions Language: en join kids hat family [Music] oh dear what a mess you have made hi tia did you get me some chips and chocolates no tofu you're eating a lot of junk food these days but tia i don't like eating vegetables and fruits i love eating pizzas burgers fries chips cakes i cook such healthy food for you every day but look at you eating junk food all the time it's so harmful for the body and your health yeah tofu clean this mess and complete your homework i will i will tia don't worry tofu is everything all right no tia my stomach hurts so much i feel sick oh tofu i told you not to eat all that junk food that you've been eating since so many days i'm sorry tia but what should i do now don't be sorry to me be sorry to yourself that you're not treating your body well tia but how did i felt sick because of food you were eating unhealthy food you haven't even been playing outside these days good food and exercise are so important for your body remember what you eat is what you become what does that mean tia healthy eating habits once upon a time there lived two siblings who loved eating junk food every day they refused the healthy meals that their mother cooked for them oh dear do you know that unhealthy food can affect your health joe you will not be able to play football so well and jack you will not be able to become a good runner if you keep eating all of this junk food but mom this tastes so good i cannot eat these fruits and vegetables all the time i will eat healthy food i want to become a great runner yes jack eat healthy and you will see the difference joe you too joe come here i'm sorry but i cannot have you on the team you are not able to play like others ah but coach i wanna be on the team i'm sorry joe you can try next time jack you have become so good at running i'm sure you will take away all the medals this time thank you coach tia i will eat healthy food from today i want to be like jack yes tofu eat healthy food and exercise and you will see the difference in your health for your favorite rhymes stories and more join kids heart family subscribe here

- Health Raisers Season 2, Episode 5, Her Health Story, Featuring Alison Coates: Kind: captions Language: en ready to light that fire by doing the things that make you come alive [Music] Casper Wise Women I'm your host Dr nadip I left a soul-crushing medical career full of bad news and evolved into a joyful Health integration coach helping hundreds of women find their healthy [Applause] you're more than your dress size stop putting up with toxic relationships swallowing your true emotions and sacrificing your mental health stop using your body as a battlefield you're always giving you deserve to put yourself first not just for your sake but for those you love Wise Women let's make ourselves a priority right now it's time to raise some health together if you're ready to take the first step visit npkhealthintegration.com and take the free questionnaire to assess where you are in your health Journey right now and if you're ready to take a bolder step into possibility with your health Journey email me at NPK npkhealthintegration.com to learn more about classes and coaching hello ladies today my guest is Allison coats Allison is a remarkable beautiful Storyteller and I am so happy to have her on the podcast today to talk about a greater meaning of Health we're gonna have this conversation based on the assertion that health is not the absence of disease welcome Allison thank you Nadine it's so good to be with you it is a pleasure to have you here we're going to jump right into it because you and I have already started to have this deep conversation and I just want to I want to go there with you so I'm going to start with asking you what does being a healthy woman in community mean to you oh what a great question yeah this there's yeah it's so much in there around being a healthy woman and being in community and I'm yeah I'm exploring what healthy means to me that I I have a chronic illness I have their me chronic fatigue syndrome which I've had that for a very long time and I've had a an up and down relationship with it and how it's impacted me and I'm yeah really fascinated by community and what it means for me and and and it's real for other people that I've been over the last few years I have survived through online community which has been just such a I don't know a revelation and a comfort and the Deep connections that have happened by regular regular Zoom calls with with people who I've never met but I hope to meet one day and then I've I've also I've moved at the beginning of this year I moved to a remote Village in Scotland where I didn't know anybody and I'm getting to know people and finding my way to be part of a real life Community yeah it just feels so important so let's break it down since it is a big question let's isolate the health part uh so what does being a healthy woman mean to you like in the past present and going forward into the future yeah I suppose in the past being a healthy woman probably meant being a particular slim size and probably wearing Leica at least three times a week to do probably step aerobics classes I remember those well very particular yeah way of of being healthy and and then I suppose sort of in in the middle it's like I don't I don't even think I thought about my health for being a healthy woman I was just lost in being a single mother hmm and they are dealing with dealing with all that entailed and yeah raising raising two boys yeah I was lost and I remember it must be it must be five five or six years ago somebody said to me she said what does Alison want and I was completely thrown by her question slap I had I have no idea it was it was such a shock that I didn't know what I wanted and it just it felt like though that was the culmination of 20 years of raising raising children and losing myself it sounds like survival you were in survival mode does that sound right yeah it was survival and I'm sure it couldn't help it could not have been helped by the fact that you were dealing with the chronic fatigue syndrome at the same time and not being taken seriously as you would have liked by physicians at first at least yeah that made it really challenging because I was being told that there was nothing wrong with me that I would present with symptoms and I would be sent the blood tests and the results would come back and they'd say you're fine they're not normal and I didn't feel fine so it was then sort of added to the symptoms that I was having was then the the confusion and the the mental health issues that came out of not being believed and then not being able to trust myself if I am I am I just making this up and then pretending to myself that it it wasn't that it's like well if if I'm being told that I'm fine then I must be fine I just need to push through which doesn't work and and then I would yeah crash and but I still had to keep going because it was just me and my two sons how did you cope um I'm not sure that I did but I must have done because I'm still here I got through and I was thinking yeah one of the things it's that community aspect was yeah being being part of the community that I've moved to a new area and my dad sent my boys to a Steiner School and yeah I have this habit of moving to places where I don't know anybody so I didn't know anybody but I knew that I wanted my children to go to this particular school and and what blew me away was the sense of community that came with that school but it wasn't something I'd experienced before but there was this feeling of of connection and that I mattered and it wasn't it wasn't just about the children it was like they recognized that the parents are rather important that's lovely yeah so there were things that happened like parents evening that at their previous School the parents evening meant you got a 10 minute slot to speak one-to-one with their teacher it would try and tell you something nice but then in the Steiner School the the parents evenings when all of the parents of the children sitting in a circle with the teacher and the teacher would talk about the class and what was happening in the class and the T the debt and it was just like wow this this is community This Is Us coming together to support the class as a whole and it's not about competition and oh well my my little boy he got top grades it was like no the class are all in this together and the parents are all in it together too and it was it was just amazing and then to have some my eldest was he was a teenager by then and and in his his secondary school there was no contact with any parent who had no I had no idea who he was mixing with and then suddenly I I was in a room with the parents of his new friends and and it just I think we had some there were some awkward and interesting conversations as the teenagers explored things that teenagers would explore but it felt so healthy that we were able to talk about it and and support them so it sounds like it was no accident then that you found Community online and it seemed it sounds like you took to it relatively easily because you had already been practicing and feeling the benefits of being in a community of people who really care and support one another who are not in competition as you said but want to see the best in one another so it sounds like you were looking for it contributing to it feeling a part of not just taking but also giving does that sound right yeah and it's I thought this is the first time that I've ever connected the two but it is a yes so what I experienced at that school were get all of those things which then yeah how interesting so I wonder as you started our talk about being a parent and being a single parent which my goodness um I'm not a single parent but I cannot imagine not having had my Village my husband as well as my mom and dad who helped take care of my kids I've never had any babysitting they always went to my parents no matter what so I really can't imagine not having done such a Monumental job being a parent alone so how have you been able to think about setting boundaries for yourself dad I remember I didn't know what boundaries were when somebody first said you need some boundaries what what's happened and yeah I I don't think when my boys were growing up that I I was very good at setting boundaries even once I discovered that they were such a thing and it feels that it's only sort of more recently you know my in my 50s as they've become adults that I'm able to to have more boundaries and be more aware of of what I need and what I want I suppose since that question that I was asked five or six years ago about what does Alison want and being completely thrown like who what she could want something yeah it feels like this continual Letting Go being a parent from the moment the moment they're born there's always some sort of letting go and yeah so the last few years have been been about letting go of my I don't know whether it's a need or a desire to make everything okay for them and like I would I would do anything for my children like I am sure all mothers would it was that it comes with the with the role but it's at what point do I say no so it's still it still is a difficult a difficult thing to do to navigate my needs over their needs and we live over 400 miles apart so all the very independent lives of each other but we do we don't talk on the phone every week and now here's an ad from our sponsor in the mood for coffee tea Yummy Pastries or cool swag my friends at infusco have got you covered and Fusco Coffee Roasters is a cozy neighborhood Coffee Joint in Sawyer and St Joseph Michigan in Fusco stands for a healthy Community they craft irresistible seasonal drinks sourcing local Artisans products the flavors Shine from quality ingredients and their beans are roasted on site they do not hide behind tons of sugar every time I go I'm greeted by my name with a smile bad service is just non-existent it feels like stepping into a friend's living room they keep it personal old school eclectic coffee mugs on the wall fun merch including stickers designed by artists to shirts and sweatshirts it's the perfect place to get to know your neighbors and chat with tourists you will always find people deep in conversation special events keep it fresh Community Health the heart of Sawyer that's in Fusco I hope to meet you there so how do you look at your relationship with health now and going forward I think it's changing I suppose my my relationship with having chronic fatigue syndrome and health I was thinking when you were speaking earlier about health and those people like I don't feel I'm unhealthy even though I have a chronic illness I'm not unhealthy and and that sort of type really can that is that possible and they're saying there's so many things that I do to be healthy so I feel I am as healthy as I can be physically and emotionally given that I have a chronic illness what are some of those ways you said that you um are a healthy person despite having a chronic illness and so how are you manifesting your healthy practices in other areas of your life I pay a lot of attention to what I eat and and make sure that I I eat well and I eat food that serves me well um and and I don't drink because I know that alcohol makes me feel worse and and sometimes that it can feel really it can feel even more isolating because if I'm not I I eat very well I don't eat gluten I don't eat um sugar so if people say oh let's go out for a coffee and a cake it then becomes a challenge that is a really good point um so then what modifications have you been able to use in order to still benefit from being social and going out with someone and knowing that you have to take care of your body because the chronic illness does require that you don't treat your body in specific ways yeah it's it's been about adapting to things that do work so my my go-to social activity is is a walk with with dogs and a good friend and that and there's a particular walk nearby that is is a level walk because I know that if I if I walk uphill it I can do it but it's not I suffer afterwards for the sort of extra exertion needed but a gentle strong level walk which goes to the most beautiful beach and and with it with a good friend and just chatting it it is it's it's my tonic and I I miss it and I don't get it and I've been doing nurturing new friendships here and and find yeah and it takes time to get to know people and to know who I want to spend time with and the ones who don't who don't drain my energy because there's and it's sort of becoming really Discerning about who I want to spend time with and who I'm able to spend time with because some people I just I just can't and and others like yeah I I want to be in your company and and then being able to get to a point of feeling enough trust with somebody that I can I can be honest about having a chronic condition without feeling shame because that's been that's been a huge issue over the years feeling feeling ashamed and not being able to speak about it but I'm realizing here in this a very it's the smallest Community I've ever lived with him and I mean it's true everybody knows each other and it sort of I'm gradually gradually discovering all the interconnections and and also realizing that I can stay just remain isolated or I can step into the community and so I've I've been volunteering in the little Charity shop in the village and and that has been it's just been amazing I just do a 90-minute shift once a week and and there's such a variety of people who come into the shop whether they're they're locals or visitors or holiday homeowners who who are here sort of every now and then um and it it just boosts it gives me such a boost to be doing something of service and having that connection with people and then seeing people in other places like oh then I recognize you you came into the shop or yeah and also the other thing that I've I've been doing which has been a big a big step is there's a Scottish country dancing class once a week oh that sounds like fun I was invited to when when somebody realized that I was actually a permanent resident and not a transient holiday maker or second homeowner oh you must come to the country dancing when it starts again in September and as I was thinking well I I don't think I can do that but I thought well no this is this is being part of the community so the first time I went I was like right I'm just gonna go and I will I will dance for two hours and then I was quite broken quite a while afterwards but it was such a lovely group of people and they were so welcoming and my face ached from laughing so much and so the next week I went back and and I spoke to the teacher and said and explained that I had chronic fatigue syndrome and I really want to be here but I I can't do it all and and she was just so understanding and and she said no just sit out whenever you need to sit out and and she even she even suggested that I set out because I was like okay I've done that I've asked and I've explained but I'm not I'm not actually going to sit out because then I'd be drawing attention to myself or something and but she said oh Alison do you want to sit out now I was like yes thank you so now when I am able to go I still haven't been able to go every week but I can go and I've got comfortable with being yeah yes with sitting out but I can I can do that which is something I've never done before I've had I've been to exercise classes where the teachers have been really understanding and they've said sit out if you can't manage it and but there's partly it's like well I can manage it I'm not giving in and then not wanting to be there but this just feels so important that I want to be a part of it and and it's even like even if I just go and sit and watch I'm willing to do that well for someone who said um I don't know what Allison wants and what our boundaries it sure sounds like you have learned to set those boundaries and ask for what you want and to let go of what's not necessary like carrying that shame or feeling like I must persist and go hard if not then I won't be accepted by this group of people and I really want to to be here so I just find that to be a lovely profound share and amongst everything else you've shared today so I'm gonna ask you this final question as a woman with wisdom and compassion um and Grace if you were to ask the other wise women who are in this virtual living room with us about her health about her journey with health what would that question be when did you realize that you mattered might drop thank you thank you thank you Allison this has been a gift thank you for being here I learned a lot from you and I had a marvelous time connecting oh thank you so much for inviting me it's just it's been so good to talk about this thank you Wise Women stop using your body as a battlefield move from last place to first place in your life let's raise Health together take the first step and visit npkhealthintegration.com for a free health questionnaire ready for more email me at NPK at NPK Health integration.com to learn more about classes and coaching and let's start a conversation thanks for listening and taking this time for yourself see you next time

- Celebrating a Season of Joy | Senior Living Stories | Direct Supply: Kind: captions Language: en Aging is a time to celebrate your life. When I enter in a building, I feel the... Feeling you have a love - that you know that you're in the right place. It's community and family. Here you're among people that love you. Every day they're gonna impact at least one patient, one resident, one family member. You can't almost help but be moved by watching them. That's why we do it

- Daily Routine To Fight Off Depression: Kind: captions Language: en (upbeat music) - [Narrator] Hey Psych2goers, welcome back to another video. Thank you so much for all the love and support that you've given us. Our mission is to make mental health and psychology more accessible to everyone. Today, we've invited Emma McAdam, a licensed marriage and family therapist to share her insights on depression and some tips on how to cope with it. Her channel is therapy in a nutshell, you can check it out in the link in the description below. With that said, let's get started. History of depression in my family and myself, just like physical health, you have to maintain it by taking care of your body with exercise and eating the right food, and going to the doctor when you're injured or ill. With mental health you also have to take daily action to be healthy. And when things are stressful, I have to take extra care to manage my mental health. So for example, when I was in grad school or when I'm pregnant or postpartum, and right now, when we as a global community are fighting a pandemic, we all have to take a little extra care of our mental health. What I'm going to talk about today is more about maintaining mental health than it is about getting out of the deepest pit of depression. When you're deep in a depressive episode, it can be really hard to see any light. It feels like you're at the bottom of a pit and can't imagine what it feels like to be out of it. At that place, often, all you can do is tiny steps and hopefully get some help to get out of there. So don't allow yourself to get overwhelmed by my routine. Just choose one little thing to start with and then take the next step when you can. Number one, morning routine. So the first thing I do every day is getting on my knees and praying. I express gratitude for the day and for my life and the opportunity I have to do good in the world. And that connection with God for me helps me feel loved and purposeful through my day. If you're not religious you could do some meditation or a breathing exercise here. I try not to look at my phone first thing in the morning because I wanna start my day intentionally, the way I want it to be. If I open social media I'm letting others choose what I take in and that could be positive, negative, stressful, uplifting or critical. And so I just choose to start my day with some quiet time. I do a little reading and then I write out my goals and priorities for the day. And right now with all the news, that's frightening. I choose to listen to the news around lunchtime, once a day so that I don't get constantly stressed out and have time to process it during my waking hours. And speaking of waking hours let's talk about sleep for a minute. I have three kids, five and under. So I usually wake up before them to get some quiet time to set my intention for the day. My natural wake-up time is around 5:00 a.m. I don't usually set an alarm, but to wake up then I often go to bed between 9.00 to 10:00 p.m. I'm not fighting my natural bio rhythms. I just listen to my body. And this is the schedule that works best for me personally. For many people, they might have different sleep needs or a different schedule. Sleep is super important to managing depression. There's a massive correlation between sleep problems and depression. Lack of sleep can cause depression and getting good sleep can actually let your brain heal from depression. So I really value my sleep. I have old friends who nicknamed me 905 because I often go to bed at that time. And I miss out on some fun for sure, but it's what keeps me healthy. So it's worth it for me. For each person, your sleep needs are different but getting enough sleep can really make a big difference. One study found that 87% of people with depression who resolved their insomnia significantly decreased their depression symptoms. Number two, get dressed and showered. So after waking up refreshed and taking quiet time to pray, study and set my intentions for the day, I make sure to get showered and dressed. I found that this can be really hard when you're depressed, but being clean and dressed helps me feel more energetic and gets rid of my excuses. I mean, if I have yesterday's makeup all over my face and I'm wearing PJ's, it makes it hard for me to want to go out and see friends or be social or get things done. So just get dressed for the day. Then I take my multivitamins. And if I remember I take my omega-3 supplements, and nutrition is an important part of my routine as well. I try to eat a lot of plants and not too much sugar or processed foods, but I'm not going to go into that too much right now. Number three, exercise. The other essential part of my mental health maintenance is exercise. There's so much research that proves that exercise is great for mental health. It helps clear brain fog, and it helps reduce stress chemicals in your brain. I feel like when I exercise, it just works through a backlog of pent up emotions and I can feel my body relax. I think it also helps me deal with anger and frustration. And I just like it. I know a lot of people exercise in the morning, but for me back when I worked full-time, I used to always go climbing or for a hike or run after work. That's when I needed it the most. And it was hard for me to get motivated in the morning but by afternoon, I was looking forward to it. Now that I'm a full-time mom, I have to be more creative in how I get my exercise in. I often just work out in the yard, gardening, digging in the dirt and running around the yard with my wheelbarrow, or I'll do some yoga on TV or go for a walk with my kids or pull them behind my bike. Now that we're stuck in our homes with the coronavirus pandemic, I'm doing more inside workouts. I like the seven minute workouts on my phone or The Fitness Marshall on YouTube. Number four, nature time. This takes me back to another aspect of my mental health routine that is really important for me. Outside time. I need nature. I need to see the sky and soak in some sun. I'm fortunate to live in a beautiful place. And I take advantage of that by getting outside. There is some research showing that sunshine and nature and being outside changes our physiology. It slows our heart rate, and decrease the stress chemicals and stuff. But regardless of the research I can just feel the difference for me. If you can't get outside, open your windows, sit on your porch. Or if you can't do any of that then you can spend some time looking at beautiful landscape photography or a nature film. Your brain has the ability to bring to mind the feelings of nature just by imagining it. Number five, my evening routine. My evening routine looks like getting my kids to bed and then taking some quiet time for myself. I usually take a hot bath and read a book or an archeology journal. I'm kinda nerdy, but that's what I like. Even though I have very few hours to work on my passion project, these videos, I don't usually work in the evenings, because it would just stress me out a little and I need the downtime to stay healthy. So then before bed, I write in my journal, I often take the time to write about my wins and accomplishments of the day so that I can remember them because it's my natural habit to dwell on my mistakes and shortcomings. So I write about my wins and then I pray a prayer of gratitude and talk with my heavenly father about my day. Again, gratitude practice is an essential habit of mental health, and it's been shown to be an effective treatment for depression. So you can pray about it like me, express gratitude as a family, which we do at dinner time, or write about it, whatever works for you. And then I go to bed. I try not to spend too much time looking at screens before bed, but if I do, I choose some calming documentary or a mudlarking channel like Nikola Whites. If you don't know what mudlarking is, it's just finding historical bits of treasures on themes in London. Anyways, I find it relaxing. I encourage people not to be on TV because it's just not super great for your brain. But if you do choose a short and calming show. Lastly, other self-care. For me that includes scheduling and some time for my hobby. I have tons of hobbies, but because I'm so busy with kids I really don't have time to do most of them but I make sure to carve out about two hours a week to do at least one of them. Right now that's metal detecting which is something fun and relaxing for me. I put it on the calendar so that I make sure it happens. I also take the Sabbath off, no work, no housework. I don't check my work email. I let my brain completely focus on other things. Mostly my family, which is also exhausting, but it's a day that is different from the others. And I make sure to have social time as well. Having social interactions is really essential for mental health. Our brains are inherently social. We are social creatures. So right now this is going to be an extra challenge with the Coronavirus. I'm taking the time to call up old friends. I have some groups I'm hanging out with on zoom and when we're not on lock down I meet up with friends to let the kids play or to go out to lunch or whatever. So there you have it. My daily routine to maintain mental health. I have a careful morning routine. I make sure to get enough sleep. I get dressed every day. I exercise and get some outside time, I carve out time to relax each evening, practice gratitude and acknowledge my successes of the day. And once a week, I make sure to get out and do something just for me, stress, anxiety and social isolation can all contribute to depression but you can prevent depression during stressful times like the pandemic and social distancing by using daily habits that promote mental health. Depression is treatable and there are some simple things you can do everyday to prevent depression and stay mentally healthy. I hope you can find some things from this list that help you figure out a way to maintain your mental health. Today, this week and during the crazy pandemic that we're going through. And remember, you're braver than you know and stronger than you think. Thanks for watching and take care. If you enjoyed this video and would like to learn more about therapy, mental health and what you can do to improve depression, anxiety or other mental illness, check out Emma's channel, Therapy in a Nutshell, the link will be in the description.

  Top Comments:
  1. @detectivesupersomething5649 [6300 likes]: hey, so since this video isn't public, maybe this comment will have a better chance of being seen by the creators. i wanna thank psych2go for creating such a positive community. I've never felt scared to express myself here. that's due to the people that run this amazing channel and the people with good taste that subscribe. also, I don't really see anyone saying much about psych2go's interaction with their community. they have nearly five million subs, (as deserved), a whopping five million people! and yet, whenever I read the comments of a video of theirs, most of the comments are liked and/or responded to. to me, that shows real care. anyone can say, "I care about my fans!" but they put in the effort. in short, I'm just really glad you're here. you teach me about the things I want to learn and school won't bother to talk about. happy new year to all of you wonderful comrades!
  2. @palix86 [8 likes]: You absolutely should have mentioned oversleeping as well! That’s an even bigger issue in my experience. If you fall back asleep several times, you may end up liking your dreams more than reality, and you just wait for the day to be over so you can sleep again. And this is a dangerous spiral to go down on.
  3. @ElizabethluluKutola-g5u [2 likes]: Thankyou...
This really helped,God bless you and your community 🙏 🫂and you and their families too🫂
  4. @xueliwei7 [1 likes]: so basically everything my anxiety, depression and chronic exhaustion hasn't let me do no matter how hard i've tried for over 7 years. if we're able to do this we clearly wouldn't be depressed in the first place, which really defeats the purpose of this video
  5. @samuel-h6z5y [1 likes]: Thank you for everything your one of the best you tubers I know and a great person psych2go keep it up please 😊
  6. @KaelArts-h8l [1 likes]: This video’s routine hit me hard — after a rough patch last year, I had to rebuild some daily habits just to get through the day, and it really does make a difference.
  7. @kalasaha9460 [1 likes]: Tysm for this advice
  8. @SmirkTheJerk [1 likes]: My wife has been detained by ICE. She cries her heart out every time she gets a phone call to me. I’m an American and I’m about to kill myself… idk how to help her. Except wait…
  9. @SolidestSnow: Jesus loves you
  10. @jvijjfjjidifjfhijodij: no matter how hard i try!!!i always fail
  11. @FlorksHabit: The hard part about depression is that it makes the things that would fix it almost impossible to do.
  12. @amyfolowerofjesus7377: Praying here as well!!! Christians we are not alone in this❤️...... Thats good to know
  13. @Liveinspirit77: “Fighting a scamdemic”
  14. @littlepinkcactus: I know that it is absolutely necessary to cultivate a reasonable sleeping scedule, but I always kinda roll my eyes a bit, when people who wake up naturally at 5 am and get tired in the evening, tell people who cannot naturally wake up before 9-10, how important enough sleep is. I’d love to sleep enough but my job starts at a time when my natural rhythm wants me to still sleep
  15. @Someone-youmaykn0w333: Thank you thank you i liked this routine  im making my own so this one is like a inspo for me .
  16. @ZoeyLia-q6k: I'm in depression since 5yrs, I will try this to come out from depression..😢 inshallah
  17. @cleyforu: Some things you say are true and some things are just confusing like watching news.
People are different and some people don’t have routines, or they go to work asap. 
Not everyone is you. Your routine doesn’t change our lives. The title is very wrong. People> ego. This is pure clickbait.
  18. @ChitrikaRamesh: Always had the fear of being judged , the pressure , the self doubt , and questioning my capability to crack pre med , my mental health fell down crashing, but my only safe place is this channel , lots of love this page has prevented soo many suicides and self harms , lots of love and hats off to this channel , this feels like HOME🥹❤️
  19. @POCKBA: Not very handycap friendly.
  20. @itada28: "Morning Routine"
Me - who can't get up at all because I can't sleep early so I wake up at 2pm 🧍‍♀

- How Do Schools Participate in Cultural Celebrations? | Seasonal Living Guide News: Kind: captions Language: en How do schools participate in cultural celebrations? In recent days, schools across the nation have been buzzing with excitement as they prepare for various cultural celebrations. The question on many minds is how do schools participate in these vibrant events? With the changing seasons, schools are finding creative ways to connect cultural traditions with the beauty of nature. This is especially relevant as communities seek to celebrate diversity and foster understanding among students. Schools engage in cultural celebrations by organizing events that highlight the traditions, arts, music, and customs of various cultures. This often includes performances, workshops, and displays that allow students to experience and appreciate different cultural heritages. Recently, many schools have introduced seasonal themes into their cultural events, linking them to the natural cycles we all experience. For instance, autumn harvest festivals are a common way for schools to celebrate the season while honoring cultural traditions. Students might perform traditional dances and music that reflected the spirit of the season. These performances not only entertain but also educate students about the significance of these cultural practices. Language and storytelling play a vital role in these celebrations as well. Schools often invite community elders to share traditional stories and teach native languages. This helps students connect with their cultural heritage and understand the natural environment's role in these narratives, especially those tied to seasonal changes. Crafts and decorations are another fun way for students to participate. They might create traditional crafts linked to cultural festivals that celebrate nature's cycles. For example, during Japan's Tanabada Festival, students can write wishes on colorful paper strips and hang them on bamboo, merging cultural tradition with natural elements. Food is a delicious way to bring cultures to life. Cultural celebrations often include tasting traditional foods that are seasonally significant. This helps students experience the connection between culture, nature, and seasonal harvests. Community involvement is also essential. Schools frequently invite local cultural groups to participate in celebrations. This enriches the experience and connects students with living traditions that honor nature and the seasons. Seasonal festivals like spring planting celebrations or autumn harvest events provide excellent opportunities for schools to teach students about the rhythms of the natural world. These occasions highlight how cultures honor changes through rituals and festivities. By integrating cultural celebrations with the natural cycles of the seasons, schools create meaningful experiences. This approach not only honors cultural diversity but also showcases the beauty of nature throughout the year. Students learn to appreciate how human traditions are closely linked to the environment and its seasonal transformations.

- Seasonal Living For Creatives: How To Plan Your Creative Work In Tune With The Seasons: Kind: captions Language: en oh hi there it's been a little while since i made a video last and the reason for that is that i have been a little busy i have been creating something new something that has been a long time coming and i had an idea two years ago so the seasons here in sweden are so very present like you can see the weather here is it's very misty moody kind of weather it's december and usually i would say that this is more november weather but apparently it can happen in december as well so yeah i had an idea that since the seasons affect me so much in so many areas i find that my mood is affected by it my energy my inspiration why not my creativity so i started thinking about how the the seasons affected me in my creativity and it what if we instead of just trying to smooth out the effect that the seasons have on us actually plan to do our credit work very much in two week seasons and how can we do that so i had that idea and i put it out on instagram to see if anyone else thought it would be interesting to see this and i got a really good response many said that it would be something that they would be interested in seeing how how the seasons affect our creativity and what we can do to to create more in harmony with that so i then did a survey during a year with other creatives to so i asked people at the end of every season how the season had been for them what they had created how what they had been inspired by and if it had been a productive season or not and from that survey i started seeing patterns in how the seasons affect us and our creativity and i started to shape a way of viewing the year from a creative perspective [Music] and during this year i have tried out that process for myself to plan my creative work into the seasons and i have loved it so during these past weeks i have done the finishing touches of a new planning guide a guide to plan your credit work in two week seasons it's called four seasons of creative work so that's what i've been up to and today i thought i would tell you a little bit about how these seasons affect our creativity on in general for creatives and how we can plan our circles to to work in tune with that so let's do it this very moody kind of weather that we have here today really okay let's sit here and talk a little bit about the seasons so traditionally we always start our year in january when the new year begins but if we look at seasons so that's in the middle of winter and winter is very much about hibernation the nature is resting and it's not really nature-wise a natural start so what i've found is that spring is really really the seasonal start that it makes sense right it's when everything wakes up so spring is the season of awakening so that is when we get new energy after a long winter we everything starts to wake up new things sprout things come to life again after having rested many months and so does also our we get new ideas we get fresh energy for projects that maybe have gone a little stale and things start start to feel a bit more possible again if winter has been a little bit of a drag maybe for some people or you have been a little bit low on energy spring is that sense of okay let's do this we have new energy new ideas so for spring it's good to either try to focus on projects where you you feel like you've got a little bit stuck and you want to sort of get new energy into it or to do some some creative work that either a completely new project to begin something or something where you need to have many different ideas for example photography writing blog posts or things like that where you really need to have many different ideas that is something that's good in spring in my spring this year obviously this was the spring when corona hit so it's a little bit of weird spring but it was i was just a month or so into my creative business so my spring was very much focused on trying to find my feet figure out what i was doing what i needed to focus on i was trying different things so yeah that was my spring apart from dealing with with the corona heading of course and then we we go into so so spring is a quite productive season when you find it that is productivity with new energy we feel really inspired maybe it's a point where we push ourselves a little bit too hard if we don't pace ourselves and then we move into summer which is the decision to release so summer is often the season when when everything is a little bit different from how it is normally we go on holidays obviously maybe not this year but those with kids the kids are staying home if you're at university you maybe have some months off from that life juice usually is a little bit different in summer which means that we release what we are usually doing to some degree many take breaks from for example posting on instagram or maybe here on youtube or you take breaks from podcasts so we usually release a little bit of our usual habits and we want a little bit more freedom and flexibility during summer so summer is a really good season to take a step back from the things you're usually doing during the year whether it's to keep up with a blog or a podcast or instagram or something like that or it's a great season to if let's say if you have you have a job you're usually quite busy during the and maybe summer is the season when everything is a little bit calmer you have your vacation and in that case it can be really good season to focus on on the creative project i have many summers these pa past few years focused on my novel a lot in the summers this summer as well i finished i essentially finished my novel apart from a little bit of work that i did in september as well and i my summer was also when i started this youtube channel so in in this this process of releasing what we're usually doing we can also take a step back and see okay what are we missing what are we inspired to do so summer can be a season when we actually also begin things because we see that something is missing or we quit doing things that we have been doing for for some time so this is a little bit of a season when we when we question things and then we move into autumn and autumn is the season that many creatives say that i love i love autumn as well it's a quite introspective season but in introspective in a productive way so to speak it has energy just like spring and it's also also quite productive so season so spring and autumn are the most productive seasons but energy is different if spring is very bubbly autumn is much more focused so in autumn we go deeper we deepen we often explore our creative work a little bit deeper we are maybe not starting new products rather finishing or going deeper into projects really trying to to bring them to life the way we want to so that season is is really good for for actually doing the work um if we began something back in spring or really inspired and have many different ideas um is when we sort of zone in and focus in and get really deep into what we're doing so my autumn has been very much like that i have i have focused very much on the foundation of my creative business so i've been exploring how my my coaching methods look what it is i really do how i'm really best at helping creatives in my coaching and i've also created a new freebie that you get if you sign up with my newsletter and that's called your next step and i'll also focus on finishing for seasons of credit work so i've been really like focused on doing the work uh this autumn and then we come to winter and where we are now and winter is the season that holds both our end of the year reflections and we set new goals for the new year so winter is very much a seasonal reflection and i think sometimes that we expect since january and that new year energy that we get and we do get that many of us do get that i get that um i think we often expect ourselves to kick the new year off really strong and like just push in and and run into the new year and i think that that energy lasts for a while in january but other than that i don't think that winter is a very productive season for many of us if if other seasons can be a little bit distracting things happening you want to be outside you want to do things winter can be a little bit more narrow you you come home you are spending much time at home obviously this year we are always spending much time at home but in usual years um so we we come back we we focus in we we and and in that sense it can be a quite productive season because we are uh we're we have space for our credit worth and and the focus and the calm to just do it um but it can also be a system that is good to like we do in the end of the year we step back we think about okay what was this year did i get to where i wanted to or is there something that i really want to focus on in the next year what are my goals for next year so we are in this really reflective mindset and yeah so for my winter i am planning to of course do all these end of the year new year plannings but other than that i am going to try to not start anything new i'm not going to work on any big projects i really just want to focus on the core of everything i do so the blog this youtube channel be really present on instagram i feel like with summer i was finishing my novel i was starting this youtube channel so i was a little bit distracted and during autumn i was really focused on getting a couple of things done and and going deeper into things and now during winter i just really want to be present in in the the base work that i i do in my credit business so creating content and being present and and doing those kind of nice things i really long for that so yeah that is that is the uh seasonal year i never know which way i'm gonna draw these circles when i'm filming um but we start with spring awakening we go into summer we release a little bit we go into autumn we deepen and then we end with the winter and reflect and then it starts over again so that is the seasonal year that i've found and created in tune with and i found that it's very lovely to do it that way so what do we do then when we know this when we know what they're good for how come we plan in tune with that and also have it to be work that is bringing us closer to what we want for us to reach our creative goals that we have well i suggest that you start with with a yearly goal um something that you really want to achieve or accomplish or do in a year and then you think about okay so what is the work that is it's gonna take to get me to that point what what is the different things that i have to do and create and and explore to reach your credit goal from that you then divide that up into different focus areas so usually it's not just one thing that you have to do it's usually a couple of different things so if you for example are setting up an etsy shop it might be both to create the things that you're going to have in your shop to research um etsy and etsy seo and maybe also you have an instagram that is gonna go with the etsy shop that you want to build up and sort of establish how we want it to look so that are different focus areas and then you use those focus areas to see where you're gonna do what you're gonna do more of in different seasons so what kind of work are best for you in the different seasons and how can you choose different focus areas for different seasons so that you do more of that in in the season where it fits best so yeah that is the process that i have outlined in four seasons of creative work and the planning guide that i have created and it's worked really well for me this year and i hope it will for everyone has bought it already and for you too if you decide to get it okay so that is all that i wanted to share today it is so gloomy and dark here now it's almost three o'clock which is pretty much when the sun disappears apart from already being hidden behind clouds i mean so i am gonna head home get cozy make myself a cup of tea and have a really nice rest of the day and i hope you will too and yeah have a nice winter though i will upload more videos i practice so yeah have a great day hit like if you enjoyed this video subscribe if you haven't already and i will see you in the next video bye i'm a kid people they're walking by very slowly

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAllisonLab [1 likes]: When I think about the way nature operates, it's easy to see that winter - darkness is the stage in which new life is actually, growing and not in the spring. The spring is the bursting forth of that which was developing in the darkness. Hence, the new year, as with a new moon, as with pregnancy, as with a pre-sapling, starts in the darkness of winter. In the darkness of winter, we are in hibernation, gathering strength until we burst forth in March.
  2. @BuhayArkitektoVlog2021 [1 likes]: New subscriber
  3. @cassielee1114: It only occurred to me last “new year” that it never feels like a new year until spring. Everyone thinks the 1st of January will be the new them, but you’re so right, we’re right in the thick of the rest season at that point. For the first time I wasn’t flooded with guilt during January and February- I just took it slow.
  4. @allyribeiro: So happy for your new video and new launch! I’ll make sure to get your guide as soon as it is possible for me, bur for now I’m super excited to use my summer (I’m from the southern hemisphere :) to plan and begin to make my plans for my work come true, in an attuned, slow and cozy way... And your workbook is gonna be my main guide! Your content has helped me a lot this year, and I can’t thank you enough for that 🧡
  5. @SaintOrCinema: You are lovely. I am so enjoying your content and I will purchase the new guide. Autumn is my personal favourite season!

- What Are Some Examples of Cultural Celebrations Around the World? | Seasonal Living Guide News: Kind: captions Language: en What are some examples of cultural celebrations around the world? Cultural celebrations around the world are in the spotlight as people seek to connect with their roots and appreciate the diversity of traditions. Just yesterday, social media buzzed with images from various festivals showcasing the beauty of nature and community spirit. If you are curious about how different cultures celebrate, you are in the right place. Let's take a look at some fascinating examples. The Achinatada World Kite Festival takes place on the first Sunday in May at Achinatada Beach. This event attracts nearly 40,000 visitors from around the globe. It features thousands of kites flying high, symbolizing the harmony between humans and nature. In August, the Akenami Tio Festival occurs at Tatanohama Beach. This festival honors the god worshiped at Akenami Sua Shrine. It includes traditional Taiko drums and Kirao floats carried into the ocean reflecting the community's bond with the sea. The Wajim Matai Festival is another remarkable celebration. This multi-day event in August brings together local deities from the mountains and the sea. Colorful dances, Mikoshi portable shrines and fire performances highlight this festival celebrating the union of natural elements. Icelandic summer festivals are vibrant and lively. During summer, the country hosts outdoor parties set against breathtaking natural scenery. The midnight sun allows four unique experiences like watching the sun set and rise in quick succession. In Hawkkaido, Nikko celebrates summer with events like fireworks and illuminations. Visitors enjoy cycling through scenic nature and participating in traditional Japanese summer festivals all while appreciating the beauty of the surroundings. Fjord Norway offers a natural celebration during autumn. The vibrant colors create a stunning backdrop for hiking trails. Visitors can immerse themselves in the changing colors of the season while enjoying local culinary delights. These celebrations not only showcase cultural heritage but also highlight the beauty of nature across different seasons. As people continue to seek connections through these events, the Jan unity they bring are more relevant than ever.

- Why Are Cultural Celebrations Important for Communities? | Seasonal Living Guide News: Kind: captions Language: en Why are cultural celebrations important for communities? Cultural celebrations are making headlines as communities around the world come together to honor their rich traditions. Just last week, numerous events took place showcasing the importance of these gatherings. People are searching for ways to connect and celebrate their heritage and these events provide a perfect opportunity. Cultural celebrations are essential because they unite individuals, creating a strong sense of belonging and shared identity. These events often highlight the unique traditions, history, and achievements of a community. By doing so, they help preserve cultural heritage and ensure it is passed down to future generations. Take Naidok Week in Australia for example. This celebration honors the history and culture of Aboriginal and Torres straight islander peoples. It serves as a platform for cultural exchange and education, allowing people to learn and appreciate diverse backgrounds. Moreover, cultural celebrations can combat social issues like agism and isolation. Events such as Christmas in July provide seniors with a chance to connect with their communities. This interaction improves their physical and mental well-being by maintaining active social connections. Festivals that focus on youth culture, like the Smithsonian Folk Life Festival, also play a significant role. They highlight the importance of intergenerational relationships in preserving cultural knowledge. Local talents and community supporters come together, creating a festive atmosphere that benefits everyone involved. These celebrations showcase the vibrancy and wisdom of all community members regardless of age. They reminded us that aging is about finding new ways to celebrate and connect with one another. Cultural celebrations can also act as catalysts for social justice and inclusion. Local sports traditions and community events help preserve shared histories and values. This contributes to a sense of community and cultural identity, reinforcing the bonds that tie people together. Overall, cultural celebrations are vital for building strong inclusive communities. They celebrate diversity and heritage, allowing individuals to come together in Jan unity. As more communities engage in these festivities, the importance of cultural celebrations continues to grow.

- Seasonal Living: Align with Autumn’s Energy 🍂: Kind: captions Language: en Most people completely miss the true energy of fall. While everyone's running around embracing pumpkin spice and everything nice, we're forgetting that there's ancient seasonal wisdom that completely changes how we can experience this time of year. In the next 10 minutes, I'm going to share exactly how I align my life with fall's energy and why this might be the missing piece to your wellness routine. I'm Sarah Seagull, a doctoral student in Chinese medicine. And for the past few years, I've been diving deep into seasonal living principles. They've completely changed how I experience time, energy, and personal growth. Today, I'm sharing three game-changing insights. First, why the autumn equinox actually isn't the beginning of fall and what this might mean for your energy levels. Second, the specific daily practices that I use to harness the refining power of fall. And third, a simple framework for letting go that actually feels good instead of overwhelming. Here's where it kind of gets interesting. The autumn equinox isn't the beginning of fall. According to Chinese medicine, it's actually the peak of fall. I like to refer to this as it's the most autumn that autumn will be. So, if you think about it, if you're still operating in summer's expansion mode when fall is asking you to gather and refine, it's really no wonder that you might be feeling scattered or exhausted. Let me break this down for you because understanding this framework really changed everything for me. Traditional Chinese seasonal thinking divides autumn into five distinct phases with each lasting about 2 weeks. We're actually midway through the season when we've reached the autumn equinox. But we've already experienced some cooling, contracting, and ripening. And we see this all around us in nature. The first two phases of autumn have us looking inward. We start to see temperatures cool and nature starting to prepare for harvest. Then this intense summer heat breaks and we finally get those first hints of crisp autumn air. Finally, we reach the point where morning dew starts to form and this is nature's clear signal that the transition is real. So, we've reached the autumn equinox, which means that the next phases are all about gathering of essential wisdom and a profound letting go. We're releasing what no longer serves and cultivating precious inner reserves. So, let's picture this progression. We have perfect balance of day and night. We have this increasing coolness that brings clarity. And finally, we have nature completing its essential preparations before winter's rest. Each phase has its own natural rhythm. And when you align with this energy, everything flows so much more easily. Okay, so quick pause here. I'm just curious. Have you already felt the shift that fall brings about? Or are you still a little stuck in expansion mode? Let me know in the comments. Let's get practical. How do you actually align your life with this fall energy? I've developed two simple practices that have basically become non-negotiables for me this season. First, I embrace breath. So, every morning I start with a deep breathing practice. It's not complicated. All it is is intentional. Fall is connected to our respiratory system in Chinese medicine. So, all I do is with every exhale, I focus on letting go and with every inhale I draw in clarity. I imagine releasing what I don't need and breathing in anything that can serve me. Second is a mindful moving practice. This really isn't anything fancy. I just try to do some sort of movement activity with mindfulness and awareness with my breath. Usually when the autumn light is at its most beautiful and there's something about this golden light that makes me more contemplative, brings me back to center and it allows me to get the most out of my movement in the autumn day. I know these practices might seem a little too simple, but what they're doing is they're aligning with fall's energy. This power of refinement, when you align your daily practices with the natural flow of the season, you stop fighting your own energy and everything starts to kind of flow. The real transformation goes beyond daily practices. And this is when we want to tap into cultivating inner refinement. Generally, this is going to be about emotional inner refinement. This season naturally connects us to themes of grief, gratitude, and the sacred art of letting go. Instead of avoiding these feelings, I've learned to work with them intentionally. One practice that has been really transformative for me this fall is a very simple lung centered meditation. You really don't have to know anything about meditation. All I do for this is I take my hands and I place them over my chest because the fall season is associated with our respiratory system. I love doing this during fall and I just focus on my breath guiding me. I pay attention to what comes up at this time. What needs some release? This could be some old patterns that I'm really stuck in. This could be a relationship that has run its course. And I really focus on feeling that grief of whatever it may be that I'm experiencing. And I tie that grief to the rhythm of my breath. I've also developed some little rituals about just noticing the changing light during autumn. As darkness comes, we often just complain about how dark it is. But if you start noticing the changes around you, the falling leaves, that crisp quality in the air, you start to pick up on gratitude. These moments inspire both gratitude and acceptance. There's something so profound about witnessing nature's release. The beautiful thing about these practices is that they honor both sides of fall's energy. The need to let go of what no longer serves, but also that gathering in. You're not just releasing everything and you're not just like holding on to everything. You're developing discernment about what needs to be released and what needs to be held on to. If you're finding value in this approach to seasonal living, please hit that like button. And I want to ask you at this point, what's one thing you're ready to release in fall? Put it in the comments if you feel comfortable. If you want to go deeper into seasonal living principles, I have a weekly newsletter where I share specific practices and reflections that give you deeper insight into working with nature's rhythms. You can find the link in the description below. There's both a free version and a paid version that is a little bit more comprehensive. So, right now, I want you to try something. Take a deep breath and assess. What's one area of your life that could use autumn refinement? Maybe it's a relationship, a habit, an old way of thinking, or maybe just something simple in your daily routine. Don't try to change everything all at once. Just simply notice what's calling for your attention. As we stand at the peak of autumn, just remember that this is your time for maximum clarity. The journey from summer's warmth to this point of refinement has been a process of letting go. Trust the process, honor your own rhythm, and let fall's wisdom guide you to what truly matters. Wishing you crystal clear clarity. I'll see you in the next video. If this approach to seasonal wellness resonated with you, I think you're going to love this guided meditation. Make sure to subscribe and hit that like button.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MrCatmaster5000 [1 likes]: I’m still a little stuck in expansion mode.
  2. @livingwiththeseasons: @5:34 Taking my YTuber humor for a test run here. 🤣💎

- HOW TO WATCH SEASONAL LIVE? | AMRITA LIVE MOBILE APP | AMMA | OTT: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you foreign

- Can I Use An App To Discover New Spring Trails?: Kind: captions Language: en Imagine the vibrant greens and fresh scents of spring just waiting to be explored on a beautiful trail. Perhaps you are dreaming of a walk where wild flowers are beginning to bloom or a path where you can hear the cheerful songs of returning birds, but you are not sure where to start looking. How can you easily find those perfect spring adventures right near you? Yes, absolutely. You can indeed use a variety of excellent apps to discover new and exciting spring trails. These digital tools are incredibly powerful resources that put a world of outdoor exploration right at your fingertips, making it simpler than ever to find paths that perfectly match your desired spring experience. The reason these apps are so effective lies in their clever use of community data and advanced mapping technology. Many trail discovery platforms are built on crowdsourced information, meaning fellow hikers and outdoor enthusiasts contribute details about trails, including recent conditions, photos, and personal tips. This collective knowledge combined with accurate global positioning system mapping and filtering capabilities allows the apps to offer highly relevant and up-to-date suggestions for trails in your area or wherever you plan to venture. To make the most of these applications for spring trail discovery, start by downloading a popular and well-reed trail app onto your smartphone. Once installed, you will typically want to enable location services so the app can show you nearby options. Next, utilize the search filters to narrow down your choices. You can often filter by criteria such as trail length, elevation gain, difficulty level, and even features like waterfalls or views. Look specifically for options that mention spring related highlights like wildflower viewing or bird watching opportunities. Always remember to check recent reviews and comments from other users as these can provide invaluable realtime information on current trail conditions like muddy sections or emerging blossoms. A real insider tip for using these apps, especially in the spring, is to leverage their offline map features. Download the trail maps before you head out, as cell service can be spotty in more remote areas. Many apps also allow you to track your progress and share your location with trusted contacts for safety. Furthermore, some platforms include specialized features like plant identification guides, which can help you recognize the specific spring wild flowers you encounter, adding an extra layer of engagement to your hike. Others might even suggest picnic spots or historical markers along the way, turning a simple walk into a rich, immersive experience. By tapping into the power of these intuitive apps, you transform the challenge of finding a perfect spring trail into an effortless and enjoyable discovery process. You gain the confidence to explore new areas, ensure your preparedness with up-to-date trail information, and ultimately enhance your connection with the beautiful natural world awakening around you this season. Embrace the convenience and insight these digital guides offer and step out onto a new spring adventure. If you love living seasonally, like, [music] subscribe, and share your own traditions.

- Live Streaming In-Season Applications with the FieldView™ Cab App: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] to create a master application list from the home page of the cab app you will tap settings then applications then add new application here you can give your application a unique name identify the application as either granular or liquid and enter the products and rate or amount then tap done when spraying the field confirm the Field View Drive is connected to the iPad device via Bluetooth in the fieldview cab app tap the equipment icon confirm connected equipment is correct and measurements are accurate then tap home and then map here select a field from the drop down menu tap yes to change to your active field select your application product and begin spraying it is important to note that if a different application other than the one that is currently active is selected fieldview cab app will create a new application event and the map will be separate from the initial event if one map is desired and the goal is to just change products or rates then you can edit the products or rates in the currently active application map tap on the application metric at the top of the metrics pane then tap add or edit products in the window that appears to send an application report make sure you are in the correct field season in season Tab and map layer you can then tap the more button tap application summary on your application report you can see the live weather widget this shows the weather that's pulled into the application report then create map PDF here you can select print save to files or send in a message or email for further help or questions please reach out to our support team or visit our knowledgecenter at support.climate.com thank you

- Christmas Apps: 3 Apps to Get You Through the Holiday Season With Ease: Kind: captions Language: en a lot of people are feeling the heat of holiday stress but don't get your mistletoe in a bunch Lindsay Granger has a few apps to help you keep the sleigh on course Lindsay show me your app the holidays are supposed to be a time of joy and happiness but if you're not prepared things can get overwhelming I have three apps that will get you through this holiday season seamlessly starting with air help perfect for everyone who plans to hop on a flight air travel can really be a pain in the butt especially if your plane is overbooked delayed or cancelled and airlines make it really hard for you to get compensation for errors they've made you have to fill out tons of forms loads of paperwork and wait on the phone for hours but not anymore our help will send in the claim and do all the work for you it's now easier than ever to see if you're owed money by logging on to the air help mobile app know if you're eligible anytime anywhere in two minutes or less you pay nothing upfront and if they do get you a refund they take 25% next if you're sending gifts by mail you're gonna want slice kind of defeats the purpose of having a delivery man doesn't it we're a busy bunch and we're constantly on the go slice for mobile makes tracking purchases and accessing your online purchase history a breeze the app makes it easy to ensure all of those holiday gifts you purchase land where and when they should notifications alerts you when the package hits the doorstep slice lets you track pending deliveries with a tap slice simplifies your online shopping and takes care of the little things so you don't have to now your friends and family won't think you forgot about them on Christmas and the final app that will remove the stress from this holiday season Annie do meet any do a fun and simple task manager' and that will help you plan your day and organize anything forget that long holiday to-do list any new puts your personal tasks and work projects in one convenient place once you're in the app just text or say anything on your agenda and decide if you need it done today tomorrow or some day connect your calendar to get a full overview of your schedule you'll receive a reminder to get everything done on time the app also tracks missed phone calls and texts what apps are you using to get your holiday season under control suite us at the list show TV and show us your ass [Music]

- Be Well this Holiday Season with the LiveWell app: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] be well this holiday season with the live well with advocate aurora health app download live well and find virtually everything you need for your health right in the palm of your hand happy healthy holidays to you and those you love from advocate aurora health

- becoming social is easy, actually: Kind: captions Language: en Okay. Don't tell anyone. But this video is sponsored by Incogni. So in case you didn't know how to make friends is actually the most Googled topic on my laptop. Google will just tell you to reconnect with your old friends wikiHow is just a copy paste Reskin of Google with questionable illustrations. Reddit comments will tell you to go on meetup websites that no one actually uses in real life. Or to start a cornhole club. Social media also probably won't help you. YouTube is the main reason people don't go outside in the first place. Tik Tok is literally designed to entertain you when you're alone. LinkedIn is a dystopian simulation. Facebook only has people twice your age. Snapchat messages are from people you don't know. Discord messages are from people you don't want to know. Instagram is where you send messages that no one replies to and Tinder is where you schedule dates that no one shows up to. Which leaves only one real option for making friends, and that's talking to people in real life. Luckily, after years of failing miserably at this, I figured it out and I came up with 16 different methods that you can pick from based on your personality and what comes naturally to you. Method 1: Filter out the boring people. It can often be frustrating to meet a group of people and take weeks or months to realize that your personality really isn't compatible with any of them. and the solution is to let out your natural, controversial, unfiltered self from the beginning so that you can quickly filter out people who aren't compatible with you. You shouldn't force it, but if a slightly funny dialog option pops into your head, or if you have a weird opinion, sometimes you should just say it instead of hiding it. And if some people react positively, congratulations, You've just identified your new potential friends Method 2: the unique interest. If you've ever been the filler friend who people don't seem to find that interesting or exciting, It's literally just because they don't know enough about you. So to fix this, Talk to people about your unique interests. You might not think people care, but even if you're into something niche like pressure washing driveways, At least people will have something to remember you by. When they first meet you, Just make sure that you explain your interest to people in a way they can understand without using big words and without getting into the complex stuff. If you can sense that the other person is bored, it means it's probably time to ask them about one of their interests. Method 3: Be outside of your head. Have you ever been in a group setting where everyone's talking and you don't know when to interject or even what to say? Man, I've been quiet for a while. What are people thinking about me right now? What do I even see? Do I have aura right now? quick. What tips can I use from that-&nbsp; that one video with Jordan&nbsp; Peterson in the thumbnail? this is overthinking. Also known as getting in your head. Overthinking is what happens when you get a thought. Then you think about it. Then filter it. Then imagine yourself saying it. Then modify it and approve it. And then send it out your mouth just to mumble it because the conversation's already moved on. But being outside of your head just means taking in the conversation. Getting thoughts, but not thinking them over too much. Just say them. And even if you say something cringe, see it not as a failure, but as practice. Method 4: Don't force it. when you feel like you need to force friendships with people who don't even like you. You feel pressure, and pressure leads to anxiety, which leads to not being your natural self. So if someone doesn't really care about you or you have absolutely nothing in common with them and you're not compatible, it's not the end of the world. Just be as nice as you can and move on. and at this point, it's a numbers game. So as long as you talk to new people, you will make new friends eventually. Method 5: be the main character. the people who have the most friends tend to be the people who initiate conversations the most. So just initiate conversations with any sentence you could possibly think of. Just assuming that everyone wants to talk to you. But remember, once you initiate, don't just talk about yourself. Ask simple questions about people's lives. Listen. And then ask follow up questions that show you actually listened to them. this part is crucial because eventually, once people get comfortable talking to you, they'll start initiating conversations with you. Method 6: be a side character. The book How to Win Friends and Influence People is one of the only books on social skills that actually works. I feel like books on social skills always try and teach you how to scientifically hack people's brains into producing oxytocin molecules by maintaining a 3-to-1 eye-contact- to-look-away ratio, or by strategically touching this part of the shoulder. But in this book, the main piece of advice is that people tend to be mostly interested in themselves. If you want someone to like you, make them feel important, compliment them, say their name when&nbsp; you initiate a conversation, act&nbsp; happy when they walk in the room, remember things about them, and ask questions about them as if their life is really important to you. Method 7: Be the transparent friend. One big roadblock for getting to know someone well is when no one is sharing or saying anything out of their comfort zone. if you're just having safe, polite conversations with someone where you both hide your deeper thoughts and emotions, you probably won't build up much trust with them. So try to make your conversations more transparent. And this doesn't mean go up to people and ask them their deepest, darkest regret from their childhood. instead, A great place to start is, Hey, do you want to hang out sometime? Because that's being transparent. That reveals that at least you kind of think the other person is cool. And saying that kind of thing will slowly bring down the brick wall between you and someone you don't know that well. Now on to Method 8: the injury update. people love when you can empathize with their pain and actually seem to care. But usually when you ask, How are you? Everyone just says by default. Good. Or if they're feeling daring. Fine. So instead for this technique, directly ask people if there's anything that's been bothering them recently. Maybe they have a physical injury that they need to complain to someone about. Maybe someone made them mad and they need to vent. Or maybe they've been having a bad day and they just need someone to talk to. don't need to be a therapist, but you just need to care. Number 9: The Group Chat. If you meet new people really often but can't convert them into your friends, this is for you. Obviously what you need to do is hang out with them regularly. But for that, you need some kind of way to contact them. So if you ever get a chance to do some activity with at least three or four people and you feel like everyone had a good time, immediately create a group chat, make sure that you are the first one to suggest the idea And if you need a reason, just see it so that you can get together and do the same thing tomorrow or next week. That way you get everyone's number. And even if the group chat goes quiet, you still have a bunch of people you could potentially ask to hang out with whenever you want. Method 10: do them a favor. It's often said that friendship is about two people who provide value to each other. So when you meet new people, you could use the conversation to figure out how you could be valuable to them. Maybe you're an expert at something they need help with. Maybe you might have a common interest Or maybe you're just nice to them. And if they return the favor or they act really nice towards you, that's probably a good potential friend. method 11: Ask them for a favor. Here's some examples of things you could ask. Could you tell me where this place is? Could you watch my stuff for a minute? Or even could you introduce me to this person? because not only does this show them you trust them, but this allows them to look really nice and generous without much effort. And also people like to feel useful, But whatever you do, don't constantly expect favors from people. If you never do anything nice for anyone, because that's not friendship. That's just networking. Method 12: Pickup Line. this is a method I personally use, If I'm in a group of strangers and I need to start a conversation fast to avoid being alone, I just think of a question that everyone could probably answer and then just go up to different people and ask that question. It's actually pretty easy because you already know what to say, Every time you go up to someone, and everyone will have a different answer that you can naturally lead into a conversation. Then, of course, that opens up space for you to ask better questions about where they're from, who they know, and what they like to do. all because you had the courage to just ask that first random question. Method 13: The Iso-Play. If you're often in a big group and you get overwhelmed feeling like you have to talk to everyone, An Iso-Play in basketball is a common play where you pick out one of the easiest defenders from the other team and try to take them on one on one And to do this in real life, find someone in the group who isn't talking that much and start a side conversation with them only if you have to take them somewhere so that you can talk one on one. Make up some excuse. Like asking them to help you with something. This will make them feel special and important. And if you do this over time with everyone in the group, eventually you'll kind of know everyone decently. Method 14: Act like you're already friends. There's a saying that goes. If you go looking to find friends, you'll find very few. But if you go looking to be a friend, you'll find many. so, instead of trying to find people who will treat you like a friend, you go out instead and treat people like a friend as soon as you meet them. You can do this by flying past the awkward and polite stage and just going to the stage where you're lighting up every time you see someone. You're making fun of them like a friend would. You're saying their name a lot. You're patting them on the back. You're playing fighting with each other. And in general, you're treating them like someone you've known for a while. this is one of the most powerful methods. But as always, be careful because with great power comes great potential to be weird. Method 15: The Activity Buddy. When you meet someone, ask them something. They've always wanted to do but haven't gotten around to doing. then offer to do that thing with them. This way you're basically asking them to hang out, but it doesn't seem desperate because it's framed as you doing a favor for them. Plus, this is a perfectly normal reason for you to get their number. And it works on everyone. And lastly, method 16, which is the fastest possible method we currently know of. Now, you might not be so willing to share personal info with people you don't know. In which case, I'd be doing you a disservice if I didn't tell you about today's sponsor Incogni. Because the truth is, not only are you giving away sensitive data every time you sign up for something online, but once random websites, companies and data brokers get your info, they often just sell your information to whoever wants it, including the people you get random scam calls and emails and spam texts from. and even though you could stop this by formally requesting each individual website to remove your info, You'd have to spend hours doing this hundreds of times with companies that intentionally make it difficult in the hopes that you'll just give up and let them have your data. But luckily, Incogni will swoop in for you and automatically contact these companies, even the tough, annoying ones, and force them to remove your personal data. All I had to do was sign up, close the tab, and let it do its thing. Then it checked back a month later to find. That's already moved My data from 86 websites. It's currently fighting against 43 more and it saved me at least 64 hours so far. I literally haven't gotten a single spam text or scam calls since I signed up. And this is coming from someone who used to get more spam calls than calls from actual real-life people. &nbsp; if this helped you, I'll be taking donations in the form of subscribes to fund the next video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @easyactually [353 likes]: Use code easyactually at https://incogni.com/easyactually to get an exclusive 60% off an annual Incogni plan. Take your personal data of the market!
  2. @Fnafkedd [1 likes]: I used to have boring ahh friends and I couldnt stop being their friend because its not easy so I figured out I should hang out more and be more energetic and then I changed their whole personality one stopped being shy and stuttering and talking about their life the other stopped having hyperfixations
  3. @luisangel444 [1 likes]: "Dont just talk about you, ask about their lives"

-So.. Tell me about your Microwave, is it any good?
  4. @Melon_Frontline: Meanwhile, some of us skipped the tutorial and have been mashing random buttons ever since.
  5. @AriMorgana: Where do I find people to talk to in the first place? The people in my school are not matching my vibe and I don't have a life outside of school becouse I don't have friends and I can't go anywhere alone because my parents are strict, i live in the middle of nowhere and I'm afraid of talking to strangers because I'm kinda autistic. Live sucks
  6. @animeischill_hu: Getting laid is easy, actually
  7. @4e5hrthrth: bro like where do i go to find the pepole in the first placeee
  8. @grantel221: The think is even if I find somebody they are always so far away bro I can't meet someone casually. I live in a small town here's no one
  9. @Moo-dw2gm: I have tried several methods in this video and nothing has worked. What am I supposed to do when they don’t?
  10. @kokomi33: this helped me so much
  11. @kokomi33: this was soo helpfullll
  12. @kokomi33: 1. Find a few niche interests you have and talk about them . Ive seen hope does this. so that someone can remember you by something . 
2. Filter out the people who you are not compatible with by basically saying your lifes mission . What you hope to achieve and what youve been manifesting lately .Helps to know if someone is aligned with you .

3. if Your in  a group setting , dont wait to be asked things and dont stay quiet overthinking what to say. literally just speak with the assumption people wanna Talk to you . dont bother about wether they care or not. dont bother whether its relevent .
  13. @moosurishi: This is useful advice for my pretty toxic school culture!
  14. @LighterX.: 0:52 Luckily for me though, I'm already a disabled person, so everything shown in this video will not work so I'm skipping it.
  15. @doctorlivsi1: Really good video,fabulous advices
  16. @sukichan5775: what's the thing with u and the pressure washing bro
  17. @Zokiokia: My brother needs this video ever since our dad passed away he got ODC and started to be less social and more introverted.Before he was more social,when I give him ideas to make friends at his high school,he ignores me instead.
  18. @AliciaRios-s4e: Yeah Nobody should suggest getting rid of amber alerts to children watching this video!
  19. @Stan_ley3: But…I’m the boring person :-(
  20. @csolisr: Stuck on step 1. People have historically been repelled when I am "myself", and barely tolerate me when I suppress myself to be more palatable. Heck, even in groups for literal autistic adults, everyone is so ahead on me socially that I feel like a burden to them. And I don't want to manipulate people into liking someone they generally dislike. Oh, and on top of that, I don't even have the time or energy to leave my house on weekends anyways because I'm that busy during the week. How do I even begin socializing in the first place with such a gap stacked against my chances anyways?

- Why You Feel Anxious Socializing (and What to Do about It) | Fallon Goodman | TED: Kind: captions Language: en Each person who entered our therapy clinic answer a stack of questions before beginning treatment. And during my years as a therapist there, there was one question I always reviewed before meeting with a new client. It asked this: What is your purpose in life? Defined as a central motivating life aim, something you're trying to accomplish. Now, to be fair, this is a difficult question. Identifying a single purpose in life feels really hard. It also feels consequential. Many people spend years searching for and developing their purposes, and some never find it. But typically we see responses like this: to be an engaged parent, to make meaningful change in my community, to build a career I'm proud of, to live for a long time, just keeping it simple. But then there was the answer of one young woman who I worked with. Before meeting with her, as I always did, I flipped to see how she described her purpose. And she wrote this: "To avoid being noticed by other people." This young woman, a bright, witty, compassionate high schooler, decided that her purpose in life was to make sure that other people did not know that she existed. This is the power of social anxiety. At its core, social anxiety is about the fear of being rejected. When we feel socially anxious, we become hyper-focused on how we are appearing to others. We scan the room looking for signs of threat and disapproval, signs we might have slipped up and are at risk for rejection. And then we seek comfort in signs of approval, smiles, head nods, laughs and so on. And while social anxiety can be exhausting, it exists for a reason. Social anxiety tries to protect us from rejection, and it does that by tuning us in to the nuances and norms and dynamics of a social group so we can match our behavior to fit in with them and ultimately avoid being rejected. This is a good thing because humans are social. We exist in social groups, we rely on each other whether or not we like that, but also more simply because rejection is painful. Take a moment to think about your own rejection experiences, however cringeworthy, we all have them. Maybe you were ghosted after a first date. Been there. Maybe you were rejected from your dream job. Maybe you were ousted from a friend group. Rejection's unpleasant. And social anxiety tries to protect us from it. But social anxiety becomes problematic when it begins to interfere with the life you want to live. And this happens when your fear of rejection becomes intertwined with your view of yourself. When you believe you will be rejected because you think you have some inherent flaw, deficiency or failing of character. You were ghosted after that first date, and you believe it's because you were not lovable or attractive enough. You were turned down from your dream job, intelligent or competent enough. You were ousted from that friend group, and you believe it’s because you were not interesting or funny enough. Our fear of rejection is really a fear of being less than. Less than we want to be, less than we think we should be or less than we believe society wants us to be. Now, over time, this belief system can develop into social anxiety disorder. When a person has social anxiety disorder, they become overly concerned about other people scrutinizing them, evaluating them harshly and ultimately rejecting them. So much so that they begin to construct their lives around avoiding rejection. Because if you can avoid being noticed by other people, then those people have fewer data points on which to reject you. Now, social anxiety disorder is one of the most common mental illnesses in the world. In the United States alone, more than 12 percent of Americans at some point in their lives will have diagnosable social anxiety disorder. That's roughly 40 million people. Now worldwide, the estimates are lower, they're four percent, which in and of itself is interesting. But based on current population estimates, four percent of the world is roughly 300 million people that will potentially have social anxiety disorder at some point in their lifetime. And despite how prevalent it is, it's widely misunderstood, widely misdiagnosed and often missed entirely. This is because several myths about social anxiety pervade our culture. The first myth is that people with social anxiety are happier alone. The stereotype of someone with social anxiety as a recluse who'd rather be hiding away alone in their bedroom than out interacting with the world. And this is simply not true. In research conducted in my lab, we find that people with social anxiety disorder desire strong, healthy, intimate relationships to the same degree as those without mental illness. And they do socialize, they’re not robotic aliens. And when they socialize, they often enjoy doing so. In fact, when we ask people with social anxiety how happy they are, they report feeling happier when they are with other people than when they're alone. This is because not all social interactions are stressful. Maybe someone feels socially anxious with friends but not their romantic partner. Or they feel anxious with strangers and acquaintances but not people like their neighbors or coworkers. So even though some interactions are stressful, people with social anxiety are not devoid of the basic desire for human connection. They just have trouble obtaining it in certain situations with certain people. OK, so maybe then people with social anxiety do socialize, and when they do, they enjoy it. But it's with a small, tight-knit group of people. And really, social anxiety is about avoiding the spotlight. And this is the second myth. Social anxiety is not necessarily about a fear of public performance. While this is true of some people, other people with social anxiety find performing in front of others less anxiety-provoking than smaller, more intimate conversations, like when they have to carry a conversation one on one. Many people with social anxiety excel in careers that are intertwined with social evaluation and social performance. Modeling, acting, sports. In May of 2021, Naomi Osaka declined to participate in press conferences of the French Open. She courageously and preemptively shared that they exacerbated her social anxiety. Shortly thereafter, she received a wave of public backlash and scrutiny. She goes on to play her first match, of course, wins, and then she withdraws from the French Open. Many people were perplexed about how someone could have social anxiety and also be the number one ranked tennis player in the world, lead a fashion campaign with Nike -- good choice -- and don the cover of Sports Illustrated in a swimsuit. In an interview the year prior discussing her social anxiety, Osaka explained: "On the court is completely different. I love playing at Arthur Ashe because it’s the biggest stadium, and you feel the rumble of the crowd. You kind of feel like a gladiator because it’s super-big and there are so many people watching your match. But off the court, if I was ever thrown into a situation where I had to speak in front of 100 people, I feel like I would start shaking." There is no one-size-fits-all profile of social anxiety. Just like people who are depressed have different collections of symptoms at different times for different reasons, social anxiety looks different in different people. And last and maybe the most problematic myth. That social anxiety is fleeting and harmless. Social anxiety is not just something you grow out of. It doesn't magically disappear when you graduate middle school or high school. Without intervention, many people struggle with social anxiety for years, for decades. And social anxiety can influence every aspect of a person's life. It can influence the hobbies they choose, maybe opting for solo activities like reading, writing, rather than things like team sports. It can influence the careers people pursue. Maybe opting for careers with more individual, like computer time, versus things like sales or customer service. And social anxiety could influence people's everyday lives. Ricky Williams, star NFL running back, Heisman-winning running back, dazzled millions of people on the football field every week. And yet he shared that he struggled with social anxiety, and because of it, he had difficulty interacting with teammates, running everyday errands where he'd have to interact with people and even interacting with his own daughter. The real tragedy of social anxiety is that it robs individuals of their greatest resource: other people. Other people help us overcome adversity, like recovering from illness or after you bomb a job interview. Other people help us celebrate milestones like showing up to the birth of our child or a wedding or a graduation. And other people help us overcome loss, like grieving the death of a loved one. Our fear of rejection gets in the way of obtaining and appreciating the benefits of being accepted, the benefits of other people. And in our modern world, it is harder than ever to manage social anxiety. We are more connected today than any time in human history, and yet we are lonelier, more depressed and more socially anxious than ever. We have endless tools to socialize, and yet we're seeing a decaying social connection. In a rapid amount of time, our social structures have been upended and rewritten. Technology and social media have created new standards for social relationships and interactions: "Do I post it, do I share it, do I like it, do I love it?" We create these bizarre extensions of ourselves through curated profiles and now avatars. We try to make sense of unlimited feedback from a massive and often invisible audience. And the costs of social blunders are higher. Things you do and things you say can live online forever and subject you to unforgiving scrutiny, reputation loss and even job loss. It is a tough time to have social anxiety. But the world will become more, not less, connected, and the influence of technology and social media will grow, not shrink. Now is the time to address social anxiety. And here's how. The first and maybe easiest thing we can do is identify early. Early detection is critical because of those who go on to develop social anxiety disorder, more than half will have developed it before their 14th birthday. More than half. And social anxiety puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses later on. Of adults who were diagnosed with both social anxiety disorder and a mood disorder like depression, social anxiety came first 70 percent of the time. and alcohol use disorder, social anxiety came first. It was developed first approximately 80 percent of the time. What these data suggests is that social anxiety starts early, and it puts people at risk for developing other mental illnesses. But here's the incredible part. Social anxiety can be reliably and accurately flagged by asking just a few simple questions. Questions like: "Is your fear of rejection among one of your worst fears?" And "Does your fear of rejection get in the way of doing things that you'd otherwise want to be or enjoy doing?" The cost of asking these questions is like 30 seconds and zero dollars. We don't have to create new infrastructures. We don't have to upend existing ones. We can embed early detection programs into our existing structures like at schools, new year orientation, one-on-one counselor meetings and in primary care settings. Because if a doctor can screen for depression, then she can also screen for social anxiety. Early detection and then appropriately intervening can significantly alter the trajectories of young people. The second thing we can do is harness our platforms. One of the benefits of living in this hyperconnected world is that a single person can have a ton of power. They can use their platforms to create meaningful and lasting social change. I mentioned Ricky Williams and Osaka, who have used their platforms to share about their social anxiety. And just from these two people, we’ve seen a ripple effect. In response to Osaka's announcement, Viola Davis, Oscar, Emmy, Tony-award winning actress, shared that she struggles with social anxiety. A woman whose job it is as an actress to embody and express the complexities of people in very vulnerable and very public ways. But frankly, these celebrities are not the poster children for social anxiety. They're just three of the millions who suffer, who were brave enough to talk about it. And we can do the same with our platforms, however big or small. In our schools, in our workplaces, in our communities and in our homes. Because regular, candid and forthcoming conversations about mental illness ultimately reduce stigma, correct harmful myths and get people the help that they need. The last thing that we can do is foster social courage. Addressing social anxiety is not about preventing or avoiding rejection. Addressing social anxiety is about fostering social courage. Being socially courageous means pursuing experiences and knowing that your chances of rejection are not zero. In fact, the chances that you get rejected at some point in your life, at some point this year, are high. And worse, you may be rejected as a function of who you are. Things about yourself that you cannot change. Where you come from, what you look like or who you love. because they are important to you and knowing that the successes of those pursuits are not contingent on your worth as a human being. means knowing your worth and finding people and social groups that love and accept that person. And being socially courageous means asking that person out, applying for that job, speaking up at that meeting or that party or giving that big talk on that big stage, knowing that rejection lurks around the corner. But the opportunity for growth and for purpose shines brighter. A purpose not defined by ensuring that you go unnoticed in this world, but a purpose that makes you feel most alive, most present and most authentically you. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nprpodcasts [42 likes]: Enjoying this talk? You'll love the brand new TED Radio Hour series – Mind, Body, Spirit. Hear TED speakers share their eye-opening ideas on how we think, move, and feel. https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL2TjQf2riraLkqqFGxK65JI-leCAxm1eD
  2. @Nikiiiii-f6r [1 likes]: I just don't know how to start a conversation and even if i know the start i don't know how to keep it...just lose the words and hear crickets😂
  3. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Answer me!
  4. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Noooooooooo
  5. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: He he
  6. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806 [1 likes]: Can I subscribe?
  7. @idasharon9628: much needed, thanks!
  8. @TruRiteHere: I try to think about the worst thing that can happen. Why does what you think matter more than what I think of you? You should worry about what I think. That's the danger 😂
  9. @jakestone31: The high school girl must have been very intelligent. Avoiding being noticed by other people is a reasonable goal. Other people are dangerous.
  10. @BrendaRudman: I have social anxiety because I was shamed in front of the school at the circus at 5 by a teacher😢
I went from "I'm ok,you're ok" life position to "I'm not ok,you're ok"😢
  11. @sheilapaul1553: I AM Bigger than my incorrect thoughts about rejection!❤
  12. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Nuclear 💣
  13. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: I forgot to play block blast
  14. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
  15. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: He he
  16. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Not the time out!
  17. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: I forgot to play roblox
  18. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Hiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiuiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiii   Find the u
  19. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Can I subscribe?
  20. @Hiryanchannelhiryan5806: Can I subscribe?

- A Simple Habit That (Sort of) Fixed My Social Skills for Good.: Kind: captions Language: en you suck at talking to people that's what I told myself when I realized just how important it was I thought that my people's skills were absolutely fine still no one listened to me and I was always anxious finally when I tried to actually fix my people's skills they somehow got worse well luckily I found a trick that will solve this problem and with enough practice I turned it into a habit that planted the sea for social Improvement and made me really stick out and the best part it's really straightforward like seriously let me show you lord it's good to be here with you Mr I'm in my chair I'm sitting down I'm sitting down in high school I always felt extremely lonely I can remember a time where I said hi to my crush and she just looked at me it was really bad and it wasn't like I had no friends it was just I sucked at talking to people so I had about two friends so I did what any same person would do and I looked up advice on the internet and when I saw it I went nice it said St like smile more and ask more questions be humble and for a moment it worked but it just made me fake granted most of it was valid advice but it was just too much and I tried to do it all at once like most people and that made it even worse so one day I was playing chess with my dad and it made me realize something really important and that was that I am at chess that left me wondering why why am I at chess I mean I watched a few 10-minute videos at about Chess why am I no better if I read a 10-page book about Chess in say 15 minutes will I become a Grandmaster no I thought to myself of course not that's stupid so why would a 10-minute video about social skills do the same well it wouldn't I realized that this wasn't the way I realized people AR computers I mean I can't just download a program and then and then that program makes me become whatever I want in just one day and that's when I realized that information alone is kind of useless memorization doesn't mean knowledge and knowledge doesn't mean skill just means you know something so I thought of a brilliant little idea about how to make everything I learn appliable to every single social situation now in this video I'm going to show you how to do it but first I'm going to tell you what it did to me and how it improved my social skills forever that's right I'm not bullshitting you I said forever when I implemented this little habit into my life I made all sorts of improvements I started talking loud enough so people could hear me I used to talk like a mouse I started speaking more articulately because before I used to just trip over my words and probably the best part was I became a much better listener who rarely ran out of things to say and it might shock you cuz it's so simple I'll explain afterwards all I was doing was thinking more often in silence how could such a simple thing have such amazing results well it doesn't have amazing results unless you do it like this I call it the pre-con conversational thought habit or just the good habit and here's three steps on how to do it with the last one being the best one first of all we as human beings don't have the memory of elephants I could watch a really short video but without action it wouldn't do anything so at first I had to remember to do it consistently before it became a habit that came along naturally and this was done with a few simple approaches well one I told myself every morning or I made it a daily goal but by far one of the biggest changes I made was practicing something called diaphragmatic breathing I actually encourage you look into this yourself because it made me personally feel a lot more present and relaxed okay so now I remember to do it but what do I have to do now well I have to do it properly I noticed quickly that just thinking for a small amount of time wasn't going to cut it I was worrying about what I was going to say to the other person before they were even finished talking this is stupid why on Earth I thought to myself was I thinking of a response before the other person even finished talking it's ridiculous it's me making assumptions so I need to think after they finished talking quote in my rule book is withhold evaluation until comprehension is complete then once the other person was finished all I had to do was simply stop think for a moment in silence and then talk just did a couple things for me well first of all I got a lot more articulate I started speaking really clearly straight off the bat another thing it did is I think it showed people just how much I cared because I took the time to really hear them out and formulate a proper answer and people could really see that now the final step this is the juiciest step the reason I did the last two was so I could focus on the good stuff now every single time I would go to talk to someone I would remember that I'm trying to improve my social skills and so I could focus on one thing at a time this could be being more authentic being Kinder talking louder it could be anything and at the moment for me it's trying to be more authentic so now wherever I go and whoever I talk to I will always remember that I need to lock in and focus about being better at talking to people I'm I'm going to be uploading a little bit less frequently than I have in the past but you'll still see some stuff from me in the future

  Top Comments:
  1. @brinyheart1 [120 likes]: REAL listening- the skill that makes social skills easy: https://youtu.be/ZzXcA_1SeBQ				
Make fun conversations just 'happen' in 7 days: https://talk.brinyheart.com/
  2. @Iridescent-0211 [2 likes]: 1:24 I came to the same realisation that I my social skills suck and I realised this while playing chess. Only problem? I have been playing chess for over 10 years and im 2800 bullet on lichess but it hasn't gotten my social skills anywhere until I watched this video.
  3. @aayanmartinez [2 likes]: Just be honest, modest, and don’t rush any relationships, let things be and always strive for the best meaning if someone seems like they are trying to be friends with you or even just connect with you, let that happen if it’s good, and don’t talk to much, and don’t talk to little. & let things go sometimes. That’s my advice.
  4. @Faden47 [1 likes]: Not even in a random yt rec am I free from Gotham Chess 😂
  5. @RugvedRaundhal8965 [1 likes]: I liked that you didn't use any AI voice and generated images, I like it this way
It feels more authentic and I am able to connect
  6. @mohitvlogs_998: social skills videos are either cringe or genuinely useful… this one actually helped ngl 💯
  7. @stevejaise2656: Hellow fellow otakus
  8. @nathang4570: Thinking of a response before the person has finished is natural for some people with high verbal IQs. The real problem comes when they don't let the person finish what they were saying and miss important information. Being smart can be a downfall, humble yourself if you know you are more intelligent than most people. Even if they are not as smart as you, there will be something they have a lot more experience in than you. Listen to everything they have to say, hold your response and consider if it is even helpful. They don't need to know you are smarter than them.
  9. @AnakinSkywakka: I've never been quick witted, I tend to stutter and sometimes have to ask the other person to repeat something that i've missed. But just giving them your attention alone helps in the long run. I remember someone once said, "don't wait until its your turn to talk, listen to what they have to say."
  10. @Aryanne_v2: If I think before I speak I will never talk
  11. @ocha8596: I’m really good with figuring out how people feel but my social skills sucks… if the conversation isn’t about feelings I don’t know how to talk or act, even my friends sometimes make fun of me saying i’m so dumb like a child in a social situation so I really hope this can help
  12. @ZARDTALKS: i feel autistic studying for jee all day and night hope this video helps
  13. @surrealnostalgia222: Talking feels like a chore to me (self conscious of my voice)
  14. @zookeeperchris: I appreciate how practical your advice is. It's refreshing on this blasted website
  15. @jatinjagadeeshaaa: the first cat in the thumbnail and my face is exactly the same when my friends are talking among themselves and I'm staring at them like a cat...
  16. @diztinger: You can't stop a coper from coping ~ Rehab Room
  17. @clamum83: Diaphragmatic breathing is just... breathing normally. It's how someone breathes normally.
  18. @sector3475: One more thing: active listening. And try to speak a little bit slower, don't rush.
  19. @CannonKill71: is anyone else really confused
  20. @Zobuyta: -the lion ignores everyone else and puts on his headphones for 3 more hours of gloryhammer

- How to Get People to Like You When You're Starting a New Job: Make Friends at Work in Your New Job: Kind: captions Language: en so you've started a new job and you want to know how to get people in the office to like you mostly your co-workers and your boss so you can have a positive working relationship with them and do your job really well the last thing you want when you start a new job is to have tension with your co-workers and for them to think that you're a snob a slacker or a brown noser just because you may have had negative experiences in the past doesn't mean you can't start off a new job on the right foot and i'm gonna tell you exactly how to do that in this video when it comes to getting people to like you you need to understand how people work what drives us what motivates us and more specifically what makes people like you so the five tips i'm going to share with you will give you an insight into human behavior and you can use them for both your personal life and your professional life if you like the sound of that hit the like button subscribe to my channel and let's get started so once you've met people in the office you've gone through the usual introductions now it's time to start getting to know your co-workers and for them to get to know you as well when people know you it's easier for them to like you and it's easier for them to trust you as well the most powerful way to start this know like and trust process is to ask people questions but not just any questions specifically i want you to ask people about their job what is it they do what's their role inside the company how long have they worked there what do they like best about their job asking questions is a fantastic way to get people to like you because it shows interest in that person it leads them to feeling special and important which leads them to liking you because you make them feel that way do you see the sequence here but not only that it helps you understand the company and your job better so it's a win-win situation for everyone another easy strategy to get people to like you is to compliment them now i will caution you here don't compliment people on their physical appearance don't say things like oh you're so slim you're so attractive generally compliments about people's physical appearance are risky people might not always take them the right way they can easily cause offence in the office and at an extreme level they can be considered harassing so stick to these types of compliments instead professional achievements academic achievements time worked at company client wins ideas presented in meetings so this might sound like melanie i can't believe you have a phd that's amazing or martin you really want over that client today great work or myrtle i really love the idea you presented in today's meeting so why do compliments work so well because they make people feel good about themselves and when they feel good about themselves they'll link that positive feeling back to you making them like you more do you see how easy it is to get people to like you you can also get advice from your co-workers and your boss ask questions about the company or about the people you work with if you've moved from a different town or a different country ask questions about the city you live in what are some exciting things you can do what do people recommend you do on the weekend people love to give advice it makes them feel important smart like they know something that you don't and on an altruistic level it makes them feel that they're helping you if you've ever helped an elderly person cross the road or if you've ever handed back a stray football to a child playing in the park this made you feel good right why is that it's known as the benjamin franklin effect in psychology which basically states when you ask someone for help it makes them like you and it makes them want to help you even more so when you ask your coworker what kind of time frame does our boss like email replies in or does client xyz prefer to be addressed by their full name or first name only or where is the best place to get lunch around here when you ask your co-worker these types of questions and you ask them for advice it helps them to like you more and it helps them to want to help you more in the future and cakes sweets or other delicacies are a fantastic way to win people over too we tend to think with our stomachs if you went to someone's house for dinner and they cooked you an amazing meal it would make you like that person right it would make you want to go back to their house again delicious food has this impact on us when i was working in japan one of the customs i noticed was that every time someone went away on a holiday when they got back to the office they would bring back a packet of sweets or cakes or some kind of delicacy from the country they visited it was a way of sharing their holiday with their co-workers and sharing the joy that they experienced on their holiday this is a fantastic way to bring that positive energy with you back to the office share it with your co-workers and help them to like you more so are there any delicacies or sweets or cakes from your neighborhood that you could bring to the office to share with people leave them in the kitchen at the end of your first week with a thank you note on that thank you note you thank your coworkers for making you feel so welcome on your first week to all my new co-workers thank you for making me feel so welcome in my first week here cara and that's icing on the cake it will literally help you to get your new co-workers to like you for those of you who have started a new job recently then last week's video will definitely interest you i talk about what to do when you start a new job and in that video i share 20 things that you need to do to have an amazing first week in your new job

  Top Comments:
  1. @vimaldeepkaur7334 [7 likes]: I am leaving a job because I worked so hard for people to lien me that I burned my self out and people still were complaining. The book I need now is how not to give two f**ks about what people think about me.
  2. @dolleeeh [6 likes]: Attitude and appropriate “friendly” behavior don’t mean making friends
Friendships are never at workplace..
It will be difficult to manage when you get more benefits and promotion..
  3. @nostalgisity [4 likes]: I have the opposite problem: How to stop being too friendly to people at work!
  4. @Stayvigilantndkeepgoing [3 likes]: Is it me or does this seem like brown nosing. I literally can’t stand getting someone to like me. It’s like like forcing something fake or not real.
  5. @natlyfranks6856 [1 likes]: Blah
  6. @rubylao302 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤
  7. @JuliejohanneNamina-x3u [1 likes]: I'm really interested in this learning new out comes
  8. @talaatelayat9069 [1 likes]: Value video. I am waiting the new one..
  9. @jyotirmaydeb3153 [1 likes]: Kara Ronin ma'am in the middle of the video you talked about Benjamin Franklin effect. Will you please explain it?
  10. @talaatelayat9069 [1 likes]: Wonderful video and so useful.
  11. @DisneyJF: Absolutely Fantastic,🙏
  12. @rmwein1948: C=Very Effective and organizied
  13. @ranjankumarsahoo: Takeaways: Benjamin Franklin Effect and  Significance of Sweets. Have experienced both at my workplace. Fantabulous.

- How to Approach Strangers at a Party: Kind: captions Language: en-GB A party at the house of a friend, eleven o’clock, on a still-warm evening. A metre away from you, a group of people are chatting animatedly. Someone is telling an anecdote, it might be something about a train ride they took or the mishaps on someone’s bicycle, and their companions break in occasionally with rich laughter and stories of their own. The group as a whole seem confident and attractive and the main narrator especially so. But there may as well be a high solid brick wall or a lamprey-filled moat between you and they. There is resolutely no way you could ever move in to say hello. You smile your characteristic weak, loser’s smile, pretend to study the bookshelf – and leave the gathering ten minutes later. Much of the advice is about what one might say in the circumstances. It could be better to start somewhere else: with what one should think. Chronic shyness is a guess about what other people are like. Though it doesn’t feel like it when it has flooded us, it reflects a rationally-founded assessment as to the nature and intentions of other members of our species. It is not a chemical imbalance or an impulse: it’s a philosophy – albeit a deeply unhelpful one. Its essential assumption is that other people are self-sufficient, that they do not lack for company, that they are not alone with anything, that they understand all they need to know – and that they do not share in any of our frailties, hesitations, secret longings or confusions. This echoes, in an adult form, the assumptions a child might make of their teacher, a competent stern grown-up who appears never to have been young, silly, tender or interested in a pillow fight.This lack of faith in the humanity of others is a natural tendency of our minds. We go by the external cues – and few people feel safe enough to display their vulnerabilities. We therefore come to assume that we are living among superior, metal-plated cyborgs rather than fragile, water-filled uncertain entities. We cannot believe that most of what we know of our own minds, especially the self-doubt, the anxiety and the sadness, must exist in those of strangers too. We forget that we also give off few signals as to what we’re really like. We too are filled with emotions and interests that we inadvertently end up hiding, that others might not normally expect of us – and that could easily lead a stranger to misjudge us and feel intimidated. But we’re slow to convert this crucial insight into a social strategy, into a confidence-inducing knowledge that others must also, as we do, harbour requisite doses of warmth, longing, curiosity and sorrow – the ingredients from which new friendships are built. A seemingly happily-married person might have a lot of agony around the course of their relationship; a pugnacious sportsman might suffer from chronic anxiety and shame; a CEO might have vivid memories of their struggles and a lot of space in their imagination for people whose careers have yet to take off. A very intellectual person might – internally – be longing for a new friend who could patiently encourage them to dance (or forgive their inept girations). Our error is to suppose that the way a person seems is the whole of who they are: our anxiety closes off the core fact that we are all much more approachable than we seem. The key to self-belief – and to the mindset of being able to talk to strangers successfully – doesn’t lie in strenuously insisting on our own merits; its source is a more accurate and less forbidding mode of imagining the inner lives, and especially the inner troubles, of strangers. Please comment, like and subscribe and take a look at our shop for more from The School of Life

  Top Comments:
  1. @theschooloflifetv [99 likes]: Did this video help you?  Do you have any techniques of your own for better social situations?  Let us know in the comments below or join the discussion on our App right now with fellow students of The School of Life: https://bit.ly/2KTWiZv
  2. @refuel1 [1 likes]: Need this for a Halloween party im just. A socially awkward kid who makes videos I appreciate this
  3. @jeetsahoo-f1q [1 likes]: diplomatic safe and useless stuff. extroverts know its a constant war.
  4. @RichardAmador-kw2rf: Hey I just wanted to let you guys know that the last scene in this "informative" video is completly unrealistic. I tried this at a party, and failed miserably. Please double check your facts before posting a video such as this one.
  5. @MexOmar: This is the useless propaganda that posinden me in the first place downvote
  6. @meghsandeshamfan: Approach for what approach for qhy 😂lol ve u
  7. @b5f096e4: Ask questions and be validating, it's pretty easy. Pay attention to others.
  8. @genericHandl: 🎉
  9. @brandonwhittle6762: Rape jokes work😂😂😂😂
  10. @chrissgchriss: That’s not true. Most people come to partys in groups. They stay in their groups and talk among themselves. Each group is an ecosystem that has their own rules, attraction to their members. They don’t want you! Do not try to break into their system at partys. You will be destroyed! Instead figure out where they will be outside their system - and get invited outside the party. Imagine going up to a group of 5 people and trying to converse on their subject - no wonder people are smashed down. Amazing!
  11. @Oliviafreeman420: I got invited to my first ever party by my bestie exept I JUST moved to this city, and my heart is beating out of my chest. It’s literally in 3 days and I’m this scared help
  12. @wayfaring.s: Thanks for the encouragement to be social 🙂🤓
  13. @buh-buh-cat: I'M GOING INTO LABOR!!!
  14. @diamondbrightxxx7531: Do I shake hands with strangers
  15. @alejan-drolo: That was cute ❤
  16. @RazKat_2023: The wall metaphor hit extremely hard. I just want to be able to talk to people... i'm tired of being the quiet awkward guy
  17. @colliedogjoy: "Spending warm summer days indoors, writing frightening verse to a bucktoothed girl from Luxembourg" Mozza said it best 😉
  18. @BushraKhan-ko1ve: 'How'?
  19. @mr.v1442: Its sad that our generation needs auch a tutorial
  20. @jg5875: They don’t answer the question

- How to Know When to Leave: 15 Signs It’s Time to Quit Your Job 🚩 | Indeed Career Tips: Kind: captions Language: en If you're contemplating a major career shift like quitting your job and you're feeling a little bit overwhelmed making that type of decision, take a deep breath because it's totally normal. Let's be honest. Facing ups and downs at work is most likely inevitable, but that's not necessarily a reason to quit. Well, what if those temporary ups and downs no longer seem so temporary? If you are considering quitting your job, you may be wondering if your work challenges are true red flags or if you're simply just looking for a reason to leave. I'm Sinéad, and coming up in this video, I'll be sharing the 15 warning signs that it's time to quit your job. And be sure to stick around until the very end because I'll be sharing some really great advice on what to do if you do decide that, yes, it is in fact time to resign. All right, let's get started. Now, before you break down these very important warning signs, a quick note. Before you make a decision to leave your job, it can be extremely valuable for you to have an honest conversation with your manager about what's missing in your work, especially if you're truly passionate about your company's mission. Bring up ideas and career development opportunities that you feel would improve your happiness on the job. Because you never know, your manager and team may be willing to work with you to keep you at the company. Now, if you've already had that conversation with little to no resolve, or you're simply still contemplating whether or not to hand in your notice, let's recognize the 15 big warning signs that it is time to quit your job. One, you are under-using your skills. If you fall into a pattern where your job feels like a revolving door and you're not truly using your skills, work and feel like-- well, work, and let's face it, that's rough. So if you found yourself feeling apathetic towards showing up to work every day, consider these three red flags. You're not using the skills you were hired for. Your skills aren't being maintained. Your skills are lacking opportunity. Good companies encourage their employees to grow within their skills. But if you recognize that your job is not giving you an opportunity to grow, this situation could limit your potential and may also lead to feelings of complacency or frustration. Now, before we move on, give us like, subscribe to our channel, and of course, hit that notification bell so that you never miss our weekly career advice. Also, head down to the comments and let us know what you are looking for in your next career move. Now, let's get into your career passions and discuss your potential. Warning-- it may be time to leave your job if, number two, you are not following your passion. Take a minute to remember the days leading up to you beginning your current job. Most likely, you were excited to get started and make your mark in your new position. Now, think about where you are today. Are you still passionate about the job? Or have your feelings changed? If work once felt like an opportunity to pursue your passion but now it feels like a chore, you may find yourself losing interest all together, which can result in a lack of effort and heart. And again, it's totally normal to go through phases where it's hard to be motivated. Hi, yeah, I've been there. However, jobs that are simply unsatisfying can leave you feeling unfulfilled or purposeless. And if that's where you're at, it may be the time to consider looking for opportunities elsewhere. For those of you asking, what's important to me? Or, what do I want to do next? Check out this video right over here on how to choose a career based on your interests. The next sign it's time to quit your job is, number three, the work environment is unhealthy. A toxic workplace is exactly that-- toxic. And it's difficult for anyone to grow professionally within a toxic workplace because it's unhealthy, plain and simple. So how can you determine if your work environment is unhealthy? You're experiencing fatigue or illness. You have little to no enthusiasm. There's a high turnover within your company. If it seems like everybody's jumping ship, there's usually a reason why. Cliques, exclusion, and gossip are the norm at work. Hold on a second, this is a professional environment. Anything less should not be tolerated. If you are experiencing any of these warning signs and they are affecting your overall well-being, it's probably time to start searching for a new gig. Number four, there are no opportunities for growth. Have you been in the same position for the last few years? Have you made any significant improvements in your role or learned any new skills? If the answer is no, it's possible there are no opportunities for growth. And if that's the case, you're missing out on the chance to gain new skills. Work on more exciting new projects, and even earn more money. If growth is important to you, we recommend checking out assistant programs your current company may offer. And if none are offered, consider that it may be the right time to move on. Number five, the company's future is in question. Have you seen a pattern of layoffs or high turnover and wondered, where is this job going? Many companies experience cycles of highs and lows, but if your company is significantly underperforming and/or in legitimate danger of closing, you should definitely consider leaving. If you're unsure about the future of the company, consider the following warning signs like staff layoffs, reduction in client base, salary freezes, and closing of select offices. These are all signs that your organization's financial future may be in question. If you are feeling unsure about the future of your company and therefore the future of your job, remember, trust that little voice in your head and consider looking for new opportunities. Warning sign number six, your ethics are being compromised. Any time you're in a situation that requires you to compromise your ethics or decision-making, yeah, big warning, this could be a sign to leave. This is especially true in professional settings because of the potential long-term implications for your career. Now, you might feel like making compromises is necessary to survive at your current job, but consider your future. Compromising your values can negatively impact your ability to get a job in the future, not to mention your morale and sense of pride. Now, let's talk money. But before we get into this next warning sign, be sure to conduct some research within your industry so that what the standards are for pay. Warning number seven, you are grossly under compensated. Although accepting a lower salary may make sense if it's in exchange for a unique opportunity or non-financial fringe benefits, if you are significantly under-compensated at your current job, you should definitely consider leaving. Being under-compensated can reflect a mismatch between what you and the company perceived to be your value and your growth potential. That mismatch can have many different implications for the responsibilities you are assigned, and your longevity within the organization. This next warning sign is a big indicator that it might be time to leave. Number eight, your values are not aligned with those of the organization. A couple examples. So let's say that you're selling a product that you know will leave the customer unhappy or dissatisfied. Or maybe you've been building bridges with your clients just to burn them all. All for making a buck. And frankly, you're over it. If your values aren't aligning with your organization's and your morality is being challenged, consider a product that you do believe in. Number nine, you are no longer able to fulfill your job responsibilities. Unforeseen personal circumstances or life events can also prevent us from being able to work. These could include recovery from a major surgery as well as personal family situations that now require a lot of time and attention. So take the time to measure your contributions so that you can clearly evaluate whether or not you're able to fulfill your duties at work. Warning number 10, there are substantially better opportunities available at another organization. If you find yourself interested in exploring something new, ask yourself, why? Take time to identify what's really appealing to you about these potential new opportunities. Acknowledge that desire and consider taking the next steps. If there are better opportunities that pay more than what you make right now, this may be a sign that it's time to resign. Another warning sign that implies it's time to leave is, number 11, you need more work-life balance. An ideal work life balance looks different on everybody, so speak with your manager about the scheduling options for your current job. If your work-life balance is not suiting you and the other options won't suffice, think about what the next steps might be for your career. Warning number 12, you dread going to work. Listen, I get it. Who really celebrates the end of the weekend? I mean, they're called the Monday blues after all. Feeling sad when the weekend is over or looking forward to days off or vacation time is, of course, totally normal. However, if you're getting knots in your stomach just thinking about your job or you're losing sleep because you're feeling so anxious about going back to work in the morning, these are definite signs that it might be time to quit. While work doesn't always have to feel fulfilling and super fun, you should feel comfortable on the job. You spend so much time at work, and if you're only time away from work is spent dreading going back, it's only a matter of time before it starts affecting your physical and mental health. Try gaining some insight into your personality to help you reveal your ideal career path by checking out this video right here. Number 13, you can't picture yourself in your position long-term. Similar to seeing no opportunities for growth, if you can't picture yourself at your company long-term, it may be time to start considering other options. So if you can't picture yourself at your current company a year from right now, consider starting your job search soon. Warning number 14, you wouldn't want your friends to work at your company. First of all, who doesn't want to have a friend at work? If you find that you wouldn't recommend your workplace to a friend, or worse you find yourself trying to convince them not to apply for an open role that they would actually be good at, you guessed it, it could be time to leave. You want what is best for your loved ones and you should want what is best for yourself. If you're considering your company is good enough for a friend, consider if it's good enough for you. Warning number 15, everything feels overwhelming. The fastest way to burn out city population, you, is consistently feeling overwhelmed on the job. Sometimes this happens after working long hours doing repetitive tasks day after day. But it can also be due to unclear job expectations, little recognition, or feeling isolated at work. If you are in need of some help, collaborate with your manager. Now, let's say that you've tried this with no success. Ask yourself-- is it possible that this job is not for you? If you're still feeling overwhelmed and unhappy, consider if the stress of the job is affecting the way you feel about work all together. Do some soul searching. It's worth considering other options because maybe it is time to move on. All right, now, some of you are thinking, yes, I am so ready to apply these tips to my current role and see if my situation improves. And that's awesome and we wish you the best of luck. However, if you are still sitting here saying, yeah, I tried that and it didn't work, and you're basically you ready to walk out the door right now, I got you with our bonus tip. Here are the four keys to leaving your job on good terms. Consider having another role lined up. Keep your resignation letter positive. Create a transition plan. Keep in touch, which is the fourth key to leaving a job on good terms. Even if you're leaving your current job because you want to gain new skills that you weren't necessarily able to gain in your previous role, it could make sense to come back later on in life, especially if you love the company overall. Knowing how and when to quit your job can be difficult, but hopefully we've helped answer some of the questions that you've been asking yourself. If you did find this video helpful, be sure to hit the like button down below, subscribe to our channel right over here, and of course, hit the notification bell so that you don't miss out on our weekly career advice. For even more tips right now, I recommend checking out this playlist right here. And for help writing resume, definitely check out this video for the perfect resume format. Thank you guys so much for watching. I'm Sinéad, and I'll see you all next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @sabrinasususa6957 [32 likes]: My signs are:
-The work environment is unhealthy which contains toxic boss and coworkers
-the company is about to fail because of the bad bosses actions
-there is no compromise in ethics
-boss not appreciating my improvements and insulting and undervalue me
-boss having favouritism and different acts to workers
-the work creates to much stress and is full of a lot of responsibilities and sometimes I'm not able to fulfill all those responsibilities as they're a lot
-the boss almost beat me twice
-the boss talks behind my back to coworkers and shouts at me in front of coworkers and clients
-I have pianic attacks and stress from going there,i dread going there
-it is affecting me physically and mentally
  2. @amandarb119 [9 likes]: Got promoted to department trainer. Which was exciting at first because it was similar to being an HR trainer which I am passionate about doing, and also came with a hefty raise.  But the fine print was me having to work long hours, and management expecting me to get regular full time duties accomplished on top of spending 8 hours a day training new hires. So how do you know when it's time to quit? When your boss's expectations are too high, they spread you way too thin, then gaslight you for not getting all of your tasks completed, and undervalue your accrued skills and hard work.
  3. @Indeed [7 likes]: What are you looking for in your next career move? Let us know in the comments!
  4. @TheNewbSauce [4 likes]: 9 out of 15 , that's pretty bad huh?
  5. @MollyLevy-r8x [1 likes]: My signs are:  1) You're sort of chained to the front desk and feel like you need permission just to use the bathroom 2) Being "promoted" from that front means doing something you have ABSOLUTE ZERO interest in doing 3) "Growth" at said front desk is taking on a project. No, projects are projects. It doesn't equal growth. 4) You're bored out of your mind and/or numb. 5) You know you're not using your best skills.  6) You hate Sundays. 7) You've finally realized you never really wanted the job you're in to begin with. 8) You really have no interest or investment in the field you're in. It is extremely dull. 9) You want to walk right back out the door as soon as you walk in, in the morning. 10) There are at least three elements or more in your job you wish you didnt  have to do.  Boy... now that Ive written these it is blatantly obvious it's time to leave. I'm officially on the hunt for a new job. Oh! One last one... 11) You' see corporate jobs as a farce.
  6. @Solitude82 [1 likes]: Reason # 16, Nepotism
  7. @emmi4638 [1 likes]: Nowadays always sick, never learning anything new, no opportunities to get promotion, no passion, always feeling like I don't have any purpose, don't want to go to work...yep, I have to leave.
  8. @sandrajuergens-ix3yh [1 likes]: ALL 15! I WISH I WOULD'VE FOUND THIS YEARS AGO. I just had a death in the family. My ex Husband's Mother died. We have been divorced for 2 years but I DIDN'T DIVORCE HIS PARENTS! We loved each other. I am so heartbroken. My boss told me I still have to come in ( in about 10 minutes) and help my coworkers clean up the school cafeteria. I'll only be there for 2. hours. Really? If you could measure the feeling of dread and resentment I have right now it would equal the weight of all the Planets on me. 😓💔🤷🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️🤦🏼‍♀️
  9. @Hllee6428 [1 likes]: My skills are being "overultilized" but in a bad way. No bandwidth to get on to the next level.  And its leading to frustration and resentment.  Other than that i do have nice colleagues in the office...but just that the leadership is annoying the shits outta me.  What turned out to be just  a temporary crisis ends up being extended to a couple of years, maybe even indefinitely. Resignation seems like the only way out of this quagmire. I  intend to consult a career coach to provide me some guidance on get outta there via better opportunities elsewhere.
  10. @rebekahwattswashere [1 likes]: Excellent advice 😊
  11. @Sadan-y8c [1 likes]: i have many issues which i already identifies that comapany not want me more. For sometime i did work for money to secure my future plans, later i resigned for laearning more things.planning for a retry with a fresh start after taking a break. What you think about decision. Your most redflag signs i already faced.
  12. @brettdavidson3866 [1 likes]: I love my job, my coworkers. My manager is clueless  and not in the loop, and it's why im ready to walk
  13. @kenrutherford1109: I quit my job at McDonald's after 19 years not because I WANTED to quit but because I HAD to quit on account of my sister and I were moving to a new town
  14. @travisbueche6063: Wow, 15 tips in here. Letting me know when it's time to leave my job and I've checked off 13 of them.
  15. @akhnenaton: Oh, so, they want me to go on Indeed, give them all my personal info, credit card number?
  16. @jasminegutierrez7251: I love the tips that were shared, I can relate to half of them about my current job. I'm planning to speak with a manager first to see if there's new opportunities in the company for me to transition to. If there's none, then I'll put in a 2 week notice to leave the company.
  17. @CelestineCarson: Here's the thing. I put in two week notice to a job the next job I land they do the same shit so nobody know how to treat no one right im just saying.
  18. @MelikaSalari: Thannks
  19. @SkaterBlades: I've been thinking of leaving my current job. Been in my current job for nearly a year but been with the company for 16 months. 

There's a lot of stuff going on, but what I'm feeling the most right now is underappreciation both from my team - specially one senior team member - and from my pay. My team has several major projects right now and I'm running one of them because I'm the only person in the building who knows how it works who is also in the position to do it. On top of that, I'm the only person on my team that has not had any time off in the past couple of months, we're a small team so if one person is off it can be a struggle, if 2 are off we have to cut out some tasks and if 3 are off it is impossible for us to function. I had 2 weeks recently where i was one of 2 people in and on the second week i was basically running the department despite being the more junior team member. On top of all of this, I've been training a new starter that only joined a month ago. It's also very common that i have to teach the senior members of my team how some things work despite them having a combat experience of nearly 30 years at the company. One of them in particular pisses me off to the point where 2 days ago i was about to hand in my notice and walk out because i was working extremely hard that day and hearing "he doesn't work, his attitude is shit" from him. Now, we have a point system where 1 point equates to 5 minutes and we're capped at 84 a day.... that day i had 93 points and got them all done but ended up skipping my lunch break whereas someone else on my team only had 60. I know he was talking about me because at one point he directly said to me "stop being lazy and do your work" when i was waiting for a report to download. 

I am so tempted to leave because of all of the shit i put up with, but i need the money even if it is barely above minimum wage. If I'm not happy with my annual pay rise at the end of this year (if I'm still there), I'm resigning
  20. @kats4976: Looking for a new job right now. Tired of late payments.

- Important and Necessary Seasonal Labor - Summit 2024 | National Vehicle Residency Collective: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody we are at the vehicle residence important and necessary seasonal labor presentation as we are uh getting started with introductions uh I did post some priming questions to get your mind going what jobs can you think of that employ vehicle residents and what difficulties do you think working vehicle residents have feel free to post an answer in chat and our moderator will pass along the good ones I'm Jake Hoster I'm a vehicle resident of five plus years my subcategory of vehicle resident is full-time RV I've previously worked 20 plus years in it as a network technician a PC technician uh and mainly a programmer and developer for government pension systems I did a year-long uh vacation of traveling the country as a bit of a sabatical and uh decided I wanted to keep living in a motor home so I had to find work to support me while I did this because I am at least 15 years from retirement age so I have been working some of the seasonal labor jobs that we'll be talking about I also do remote work as a web developer and throughout this experience I have shared some of the struggles that all have about today's topic this is the gist of what we're talking about here vehicle residents have a very strong history of providing seasonal or non-seasonal labor that is necessary in supplying food and energy Health Care shipping Logistics Recreation services and much much more in the United States and probably across the whole world this value is often overlooked in news reports and political discussions that only look at vehicle residents as part of the Homeless Problem protecting the rights and livelihood of all vehicle residents is necessary in sustaining our economy and providing critical labor needs so who are we talking about here there are several different types of uh ways people can work as vehicle residents one of them is seasonal the seasonal jobs um are some of the typical work camping positions that a lot of us have seen videos about uh cheap RV living.com um or cheap RV living Bob Wells um any of the popular um internet sites and YouTube channels those include Camp hosting working the sugar beat Harvest holiday or seasonal warehouse work there are uh oil field gate guards and uh volunteer positions of various types let's dig into those a little bit we're going to pause and talk about work camping that's the seasonal jobs um I just listed the ones listed at the top um there are examples again of work camping for those not familiar with the term work camping is a combination of the word work and camping uh run together as one word these are jobs that vehicle residents can do that typically last one or two months or up to six months for a season depending on the job in work camping jobs the employer usually provides a full hookup site for an RV doesn't mean you have to be in an RV but uh you could be in a vehicle or a van but that's what's provided besides that provided full hookup site um sorry notes came up and distracted me uh uh typically an hourly wage is provided and that hourly wage can range from minimum wage up to $20 an hour or higher um some positions by the way are volunteer positions where you get the full hookup site but you do not get at minimum wage those are usually optimal for retirees or people with a monthly income who want to enjoy the free rent or give back to the community um and some of these jobs literally can't be done by somebody who's not an rver or full-time vehicle resident regarding those vol unteer positions we never want to forget or underestimate the value of free rent um vehicle residents taking a volunteer position those volunteer positions typically are fewer hours through the week compared to a full-time job you're either only working a few hours a day or maybe more hours a day for just a few days a week that gives you time to work a paid job whether it be in town at a a local establishment or a remote job so don't underestimate free rent EXC me let's dig a little bit deeper into work camping which by the way I am doing literally right now so if I get distracted I am currently serving as a camp host I have signs all outside my RV saying keep away stay back please leave me alone for an hour but there is some weird traffic going by and it's distracting um let's talk about some of these other positions the sugar beat harvest the reason that's important for vehicle residents and for our economy and for employers sugar beat Harvest by the way that's you go to North Dakota Minnesota or Michigan and you're working at a Sugar Factory uh not the factory um location where sugar beads that have been removed from the ground are dropped off for processing a lot of work needs to happen in a very short amount of time typically a few weeks up to a month there are not enough locals in these small towns these farming towns in say drton North Dakota for example I know that because I work there to meet the demand for labor to get all the work done all these sugar beats have to come out of the ground very quickly and be processed so um work Campers or vehicle residents often fill that need I spoke with Alyssa Cassy from Express Employment Professionals in the Grand Forks North Dakota office uh they are one of the employers that provides work campers to American Crystal sugar company they make the sugar called the table sugar the bags of Crystal sugar that you might buy at the store uh Express Employment provides 2200 total workers to American Crystal during the sugar beat Harvest 1300 of which are work campers and that's across three states for that job the wages first of all uh where campers are provided a full hookup site at a campground usually that Campground includes full-fledged plumbing and um bathrooms and showers uh wages are average this is my math not uh Alyssa's uh 1975 an hour as a starting wage across the three states with opportunities for one and a half times the rate overtime and double full time over time and that's based on how many uh hours you work a day typically you're working 12 hours a day for up to days um all of this work besides the benefits that the uh work campers get while doing the job you are contributing to a $5 billion industry so this is really really important work and it has economic impacts um Amazon camper force is another type of um factory work actually uh seasonal warehouse work that program is no more but it was was highly popularized on uh social media when it was popular and when it was functioning in that program work campers joined full-time employees at Amazon warehouses and uh season local seasonal Talent they had many warehouses across the United States um that changed each year that have different on in different locations um again a decent rate full hookup RV site provided to you uh overtime opportunities um the workers liked it they felt better afterwards it's great exercise one of the downsides to that program was securing camps campgrounds and campsites for the work campers was beginning to be a problem we have a housing shortage across the United States that is trickling down into an RV park shortage a campground shortage uh or a site shortage at that Lo at those locations so that may or may not have been part of the uh reason for the demise of that program I did reach out to the person in charge of that program um he was unable to comment due to um confidentiality and proprietary uh business knowledge reasons JC Penney Warehouse is a similar program run by JC Penney at several warehouses across the United States Google it to look for their uh jobs and positions I don't know the exact numbers but from what I witnessed because I was working there there are hundreds or thousands of work campers across all these locations some of these jobs start July or August and run until Christmas and so there's a lot of working opportunity for workampers and it helps JC Penney out for a long time these jobs are um order fulfillment uh picker Packer type positions um warehouse work uh not terribly exciting but good exercise and good money wages I'm going by memory here we're like 15 an hour plus mandatory overtime and a famous 12 days straight where you had to work 12 days 10 hours a day uh straight through with a Thanksgiving in the middle uh so lots of opportunity for money in a short time there great for work campers feels a very important job for the warehouse we're making people's lives better sending out their Christmas orders to their families um and oh uh besides the wages uh JC Penney typically provides uh instead of providing you with the actual full hookup site they give you a $100 a week per worker stien to find your own campsite um that worked out very well in 9 when I was doing it my understanding is finding campsites again is getting harder for the employees so there are some challenges in this job Camp hosting and Campground work um this is basically working at a campground in a state park National Forest Bureau of Land Management land and private campgrounds you could be uh just having Eyes On The Ground as a volunteer uh or uh paid to shovel fire pits clean bathrooms greet campers collect money um call the cops to report bad behavior variety of tasks there very important work especially in the recreation industry an RV or some type of RV likee vehicle is usually required to do the job it can't be done from a local in a a commuter capacity it's a peace meal job and that's the other reason why having an RV or vehicle you could live in is important instead of it being 9 to5 you're working a few hours making some rounds stopping waiting a few hours then working again cleaning the bathrooms checking in campers and there's nothing to do for a few hours and then at night time you got to make some rounds clean the bathrooms again it makes no sense for a local to commute in probably an hour drive each way depending on location to do that job it's not practical they need rvers and vehicle residents to live on site to do the job uh example employers besides the BLM or the National Forest Service or the state uh Recreation departments include private concessionaires such as American land and Leisure and Vista Recreation to name a few uh I interviewed Dave Johnson with American land and Leisure he is the human resources manager and recruiting manager uh to get his thoughts and get some numbers and he shared that American land and Leisure alone employs 400 Camp hosts at a time in peak season that's across the whole country uh he reported that American land and Leisure is the second largest concession in this industry so there's at least one other employer who employs even more vehicle res residents during this time so important numbers to know another example of vehicle residents providing valuable goods and services to the economy and to end users is oil field gate guarding positions like this are usually in Texas or in that area where there are oil fields these are usually temporary gigs that last a few weeks to a few months gate guards uh are trained security Personnel to some extent I hear you do not get to carry a gun um basically you live on site at the gate and you log trucks in and out as they are uh coming and going into the oil field very important job and it's a 24-hour job so it tends to be ideal for couples who live in an IV RV so that uh one can keep working while the other is sleeping without which we would have some problems getting oil and oil products processed in our country very important to the transportation industry there are some downsides to work camping jobs for the vehicle residents who are doing them when there is downtime between these gigs you're living off savings you're trying to figure out where to live where to Camp based on where you are you're probably trying to save money because you're not earning any at that point excuse me um vehicle residence are spending money on gas and other travel exper expenses while traveling between these different gigs they're often on opposite sides of the country um that is part of the fun of being a vehicle resident but there is a cost to it the shortage of housing RV parks campgrounds Etc is causing contention for places uh to stay so workers between jobs sometimes run into the same issues as everybody else and have to uh look into stealth camping Street camping camping on public lands and it's not always available getting back to examples of working vehicle residents we were talking about some seasonal positions um there are also full-time working positions so this presentation is not just about seasonal labor I should have crossed that word off in the uh title examples of full-time vehicle residents are traveling nurses and other medical professionals that travel there are traveling insurance adjusters for catastrophes quick uh description of that for example my uncle was uh my aunt and uncle were full-time rvers and they were traveling insurance adjusters what happens is say a tornado hits in Oklahoma and many houses and vehicles in a few towns are destroyed or injured damaged there are not enough insurance adjusters for State Farm and Geico and these other ones local to that area to process claims fast enough to get that many people uh back on track to rebuilding their lives so Pilot Catastrophe is one program that has a pool of traveling insurance adjusters many of which are full-time rvers or that they can send out to the disaster area and process claims more quickly my uncle told me of uh one client he was they were doing the uh car adjusting so it could be for houses and property or for automobile insurance claims my uncle was doing automobile insurance claims and some people were so desperate to start getting their lives back on track that they were crying and thanking him for coming out and processing their claim so changing people's lives very important work very important to getting a community back on track quickly Wildland firefighters is another example of full-time vehicle residents um sometimes called Hot Shots these are folks who are on standby in a fir prone area during a season or working in active fire very important I don't think I need to describe that uh any deeper a lot of times there is not housing for them in the areas they're working they have to live in vehicles and we have to support them uh not to be forgotten about Long Haul truckers are often considered vehicle residents at least while they're on the road so lots of valuable labor here being performed by vehicle residents I want to go back to the Wildland firefighters real quick I uh did a little quick research on it I'm not super familiar with the topic um landed on some interesting conversations and Reddit of all places love the internet comments that fire Wildland firefighters were um sharing in their conversations with each other a lot of them are vehicle residents because housing is not available or affordable in the area that's actually a quote I meant to have quotes around that another uh quote from an actual firefighter my old crew soup meaning supervisor lived on a picnic table under a tarp for a season in the Pacific Northwest no housing available affordable or otherwise this is reality folks onethird of my hot shot crew did live in a vehicle they loved it when I applied to the Arizona R3 Crews they told me first years live homeless behind the station since there's no housing again this is reality vehicle residents have been doing really important work here and a lot of us haven't even even known it there are some edge cases as well we talked yesterday in the plenary um we were educated about a uh social worker in a city a woman who was living in her car after uh life happened and housing became unavailable to her living in her car allowed her to survive and get back to work continue working and eventually I believe uh make steps towards is getting back on her feet um I don't have the article source but there is uh an article last year of a school teacher in a city I forget if it was like uh Seattle San Diego um city school teacher living in a car in a parking lot I think Walmart was shown um with his family a wife and one or two kids living in a car because a school teacher can't afford to live in the community that he or she is teaching in that's crazy but the school teacher is now a vehicle resident in that case um and so many others with traditional jobs who just can't afford the rent in the community they serve so they're not always traveling as a vehicle resident also some vehicle residents are remote workers such as it workers which I do part-time uh many medical claims processing and insurance processing jobs and Order fulfillment and just uh anything you can do on a computer that brings up a little bit of a question some folks would say hey these folks don't count as vehicle residents they don't need to be working a remote job in a vehicle they could just buy or rent a Sticks and Bricks homes well could they hang on to that thought for a second what kind of vehicle residents are these yesterday we talked about the idea of many camps under a big tent and that idea has been uh brought back up again throughout yesterday and today and today's plenary um our big tent includes many different spectrums of vehicle residents and it's worth reviewing because it applies here uh economic U abilities from Rich to poor we have geographically tethered and untethered old and young people healthy unhealthy uh people who need the money that's why they're doing these jobs to those maybe in retirement just wanting to keep busy or supplement their retirement income or to get back to the community uh people living in all types of vehicles whether it be a car van trailer tent or a half a million dollar class a motor home full-time and part-time vehicle residents and by part-time vehicle residence I mean those who are maybe traveling long enough to work for 6 months and then return to a traditional house and people who are range from traveling solo to couples to raising a family with children and seven dogs and three cats in one uh vehicle hope it's an RV it's that many people all of these people across all of these spectrums are doing these jobs I personally have been Camp hosting for 5 years doing it now uh working the sugar beat Harvest and working a warehouse in JC Penney in Reno Nevada and I have seen with my own eyes all of these spectrums of people doing all of these jobs why doesn't traditional housing work is an option for people doing these jobs well as we've discussed in other sessions living in a vehicle RV is cheaper and for a lot of people can be fun or more meaningful uh we won't go over all the intricacies around those again some jobs require an RV or similar such as the examples of Camp hosting where you have to live on site and oil field gate guarding where again you have to live on site and then finally in some of these uh examples temporary loding such as renting an apartment getting a motel room or getting an Airbnb can be expensive or even unavailable to a housing shortage and by the way if you try to rent a motel or Airbnb in a lot of locations for the several weeks to several months that it you'd need to be in that town it's much less sir likely to be available because for any given room or apartment during that huge time frame this day might be booked this weekend might be booked and so getting a huge reservation from beginning to end is not possible so that's what we've come down to since we are in a national housing crisis and a national affordable housing crisis so you know one person or family living in an RV or vehicle is actually freeing up an apartment or house or motel rooms or Airbnb on the market for somebody who can use that traditional housing so being in a vehicle is good on many levels now what issue do these vehicle residents face um spoiler alert it's the same ones that all vehicle residents Place face um shortage of campsites or places to stay in general while working in these jobs examples are um the work camping jobs where employers provide the full hookup site um but there are are exceptions to that remember I mentioned Amazon um trying to find campsites for its workers and sometimes times running into some difficulties so affordability and availability issues are impacting this sector of work as well and the sector of real estate uh Street camping and stealth camping issues again C work campers and vehicle residents who are working have to stay somewhere overnight sometimes there's no place to stay or sometimes they have to make their own but we're running into a world with no overnight parking popping up everywhere at every street corner and in parking lots city ordinances preventing overnight uh parking or camping or sleeping in your vehicle we're afraid of that knock at the door the risk of being towed away uh as Graham reminded us an hour ago fear of being arrested for sleeping in our vehicle there's a shortage particular of uh oversized vehicle parking spaces by that we mean a parking place big enough to fit an RV for those of us in these bigger vehicles whether it be a motor home or a trailer there's a shortage of those places in rest stops uh truck stops uh used to be able to use Walmart parking lots at least for a night or two or some other similar Big Box store parking lots uh they kind of don't want us anymore due to a bunch of other reasons um if you want to learn more review our recordings from our 2022 National vehicle uh residency Summit where we talked about why we're losing access to public lands and public parking spaces um we can use public lands if we're out west in the right area and can camp for 14 days or less but the availability of those is shrinking for the same reasons so huge issues where do we camp where do we sleep where do we live if we need to be a few places uh for a few weeks or months before the next working gig and like all vehicle res residents um or people without traditional homes we Face domicile and residency issues uh we have to have a home address legally you know a a street address to register our cars our vehicles our RVs our driver's licenses Insurance vehicle insurance um health insurance and that trickles down to a whole host of uh Ripple out effects such as many of us are registered in one state but working in another if you're not on Medicare if you're on a traditional ObamaCare insurance good chance your health insurance only works in your hometown except for emergencies that's what HMO plans usually do so I'm an Ohio resident I'm currently Camp hosting in Tahoe National Forest if I get bit by a rattlesnake I'm covered under emergency services but you know if my heart starts going a little uh broken I start needing to see doctors can't do it out here I'm just going to die so these issues are real um vehicle residents face problems with insurance because insurance companies sometimes don't like insuring uh vehicles that are used as a full-time dwelling even if it's an RV sometimes you have to get special expensive insurance and you have to hunt a long time for it um otherwise they want to know where do you garage your vehicle what's your home address I don't have a street I have a mailbox in Columbus Ohio um my motor home does not fit in that so um we we do have challenges uh where you get your mail where are you voting where you paying your taxes another fun fact work campers who are working in a state other than where they're registered to live can sometimes be paying taxes in two states both their home state and the state they earn the money in so lots of people getting our money um and I already asked if there were any other issues that you can think of that vehicle residents face um for time reasons we'll hold off on that we'll check the chat when we come back sry uh and as Janet reminded US Direct any questions to chat nod thank you um so what would happen if the working vehicle residence that I was talking about disappeared couldn't come to work well we saw a little bit of it in 2020 and 2021 when uh Co prevented so many people from traveling right um camping areas or any place that requires a camp host they're pretty much shut down at least not be kept up very well but um places did close and there were public lands closed that other vehicle residents tend to either camp at recreationally or camp at to live between uh gigs couldn't go there because they were closed no Camp hosts um if we don't have people working the sugar beat harvest the sugar beets are not being delivered to the Sugar Company to be converted to table sugar and the other byproducts that contribute to that5 billion a year industry we would not be able to buy Crystal sugar on the uh grocery store shelves and our coffee would be gross without sugar speaking of which sugar online shopping would not get fulfilled families would not get their Christmas presents on time or at all uh local shortages of medical staff we talked about traveling nurses and traveling medical professionals remember covid when certain regions of the country were short on medical staff um traveling nurses and such were very valuable then many of them live in RVs not all of them shortage of them would be well we know what happens when we're short on medical staff we saw that local shortage of firefighters in times of Wildland fires uh I I probably don't need to explain that one and the school teacher living in a parking lot in a car um thank goodness they are still willing to teach and live out of a car when so many others would give up and find better paying work or move to another town School teachers I have a huge soft spot for them very valuable they're living in a vehicle I'm supporting them why should we we support working vehicle residents and I'm kind of talking at an advocacy policymaking level here uh what they're human we should be supporting all vehicle residents that's a big duh we know that's why we're here at this Summit um working vehicle residents provide necessary goods and services we just talked about them and we talked about the things that would be missing from our lives including personal safety if they were not they provide some fun goods and services too again the recreation jobs such as Camp hosting vehicle residents contribute to the economy they're spending money locally in the places they're at they're paying their taxes sometimes in two places at once like I said they're paying Insurance just like everybody else they're keeping the machine whether it be the the government machine the economic machine of our country whatever you want to call they're keeping it running and it kind of works out uh double for the economy because since they're working they are likely not consuming tax dollars and benefits uh leaving those available for those who who really need those uh benefits and again working vehicle residents are not logging up a house that's sitting empty back home if they're living in a vehicle full-time that's one more house or apartment preferably or probably an affordable level one that is available to somebody else who needs traditional housing I asked Dave Johnson the uh HR and recruiting manager at American land and Leisure what would uh what they Sorry distracted what they say about vehicle residents and he said the work campers are critical to our job without them we wouldn't exist I've already expanded on that and said oh also camp host without them a lot of public places would not be open for the rest of us to enjoy uh also talk to Alyssa Cassy at Express Employment Pros who staffs the sugar beat Harvest and she said we love our work campers they're incredible people they're here to work and we love them as much as our locals um by the way let me back up one notch um any vehicle residents that are interested in becoming work campers there there are many concessionaires American land Leisure is one of them um there's the website american.com if you want to look for jobs last I heard we have five openings this was as of a week ago across the country check out their website and uh go to the employment page hope this helps uh for Express Employment PL clows yeah uh potential sugar beat Harvest workers can go to that website listed there the unbeatable experience.com unbeatable is spelled with a be um and if uh employers who are looking to start a work camper program oh great that was posted in chat thank you uh employers who would like to start a work camper program uh similar to the sugar beat Harvest are welcome to reach out to Alyssa expresspros directly her email address is alyssa. casty that's K expresspros.com so hope that helps the world a little bit thank you to Dave and Alyssa for sharing that information Alyssa's address has been posted in chat thank you all right so what's next we've covered the value and the contributions of working vehicle residents um we we the the people here at the national vehicle residency Summit those of us who are supporting the national vehicle residency Collective humans talking to each other lobbyists activists we we we we need to continue advocating for all vehicle residents while doing so we need to mention the contributions of working vehicle residents I'm going to pause here and remind everybody when I talk about working vehicle residence I do not want to take the spotlight away from vehicle residents who aren't working in the ways that I talked about or who aren't working at all or who can't work I'm merely pointing out a group of vehicle residents who are often overlooked in today's policymaking decisions and discussions about vehicle residence you know the media is not showing the entire big tent again they show homeless encampments and streets lined with cars with clutter and the problem of society there is so much more to that big tent and we need to remind each other and the rest of the world uh that there is more than what we see on the news we need to encourage employers to join us in supporting vehicle residents um thank you uh employers need to uh support vehicle residents and that wins for them as well as vehicle resents that's going to be it's going to take some work I had had some employers who did not respond to my queries even when I worked for them uh for this presentation were they busy perhaps were they afraid of stepping into the political Waters of discussing vehicle Residence at a national level perhaps so it's going to take some work there but we need to start doing it we need to remind our government Representatives at all levels the value that vehicle residents bring and sometimes reminding them of working vehicle residents to do that we need to continue Gathering data about vehicle residents Graham and others have talked about that I think there's a session on that we need to gather data about the vehicle residents and their employers we need counts we need statistics meaning dollars dollar contributions I talked about that $5 contribution five billion dollar contribution to the uh industry that the sugar beat Harvest contributes to we need stories from all sides um those dollar figures are important because money talks when talking to politicians and decision makers um that will be helpful as we move forward you need to convince the world that criminalizing vehicle residents is criminalizing hardworking people who contribute to our livelihood and it's criminalizing folks who provide important necessary goods and services we need to show the positive side supporting and advocating for vehicle residents is a win for all vehicle residents it is a win for employers it is a win for the economy it is a win for consumers end users all of us and that's the goal I have finished with the formal part of our presentation I am going to unshare my screen hopes that my chat window will pop up because I think we have three and a half minutes left to answer questions Janet if I'm missing anything please speak up because I can't see the chat window yet no there are no questions yet please uh direct message me and we will ask answer your questions you've done a great job Jake by the way that's been amazing I've learned so much being here oh thanks D um I'm looking through the chat window see if anything came my way see links provided so links are provided in the chat to anybody who watching uh who wanted to learn more about um contacting American land and Leisure or um the sugar beat Harvest or employers who want to reach out to express pros um any other questions I missed the link from bill before the sugar be oh oh that's for uh let's see if I can add that American American l.com that is the link for Camp hosting uh with one employer that's American land and Leisure they are one employer of camp host uh and they might have some positions open left this year that has been shared we have a minute and a half any other questions from any of our attendees so Jake for remote IT jobs for vehicle residents how easy is it to get reliable internet access while on the road this is from Haley that is a challenge for all vehicle residents um there are options and um they range from you got to pay for them all for the most part unless you're willing to go to a library um or mooch McDonald's Wii that sometimes works for some people sometimes not I use a cell phone hotspot I do have limited data so I have to be very thoughtful that means I can't be streaming movies on my TV I have to save my Hotspot data for work on the computer um some people choose to pay for a better service like starlink internet um which is satellite based and works everywhere that the trees aren't too thick I.E not where I'm at in a forest um and in some remote places hot cell phone hotspots do not work it's a huge topic lots of forums discuss it um I've seen it even mentioned on the homes on Wheels Alliance uh Facebook group people talk about it a lot great place to learn more information any other questions I think we're down to 30 seconds all right why don't we call it done thank you all very much for attending and for learning about one more aspect of vehicle residence hopefully this will add to the big tent approach and give us some uh fighting Power for future advocacy and lobbying efforts

- 10 Challenges about Living in Luxembourg as a foreigner || #livinginluxembourg #luxembourg: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] subscribe the cost of living in Luxembourg is notably High everything from housing to groceries can be significantly pricier than what you might be used to in other European countries this High Cost of Living can be a shock to the system especially if you're moving from a country with a lower cost of living the job market in Luxembourg is somewhat limited and competitive the economy is heavily centered around the finance and banking sectors so if you're looking for opportunities Beyond these industries you might find it a bit challenging let's touch on traffic and transportation Luxembourg City can witness heavy traffic during peak hours while public transportation is efficient it may not cover every nook and cranny of the country if you're thinking about owning a car remember it can be quite an expensive Affair another challenge in Luxembourg is the language barrier with three is a safe highquality place to live with an international atmosphere it is important to consider the challenges these include a High Cost of Living a limited and competitive job market traffic and transportation issues a language barrier a small size unpredictable weather limited University options integration challenges housing availability and limited nature reserves however remember that these drawbacks might be outweighed by the many advantages Luxembourg offers each person's experience will vary based on their preferences and priorities what matters is that you make a well-informed decision that suits your lifestyle and needs subscribe subscribe subscribe girl be multi multi subscribe

  Top Comments:
  1. @genelyngorospe72 [2 likes]: Great video ma'am! Very informative vlog as always ma'am! 😍😘☺

- 🔴LIVE | Sheriff Labrador Season 2 All Episodes | Kids Cartoon | Safety Rules for Kids: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] H smells so good two bowls of our signature noodles wow it looks so yummy Mr Panda your noodles are amazing that's because of our secret spice mix secret spice mix yeah the recipe is from our Daddy's Daddy's daddy that's right another Bowl please H if I had the secret spice mix I'd be able to make yummy noodles too amazing another Bowl Please Mr Panda my spice mix what happened let's go and have a look Mr Panda what's wrong Sheriff Labrador my secret spice mix is gone what handed down to me by my family and now it's gone please help me find it don't worry there's no case that I can't solve if it was stolen there must be Clues left around here Doby let's split up and look around there's the Fe it's just flower huh huh Footprints it looks like the thief broke in through the window huh unbelievable I'm going to catch the thief wait the thief might still be here what look there are no Footprints leading out of here so the thief must still be here huh you can't run away I got you ouch stop right there a Mr Monkey it was you no no it wasn't me I'm sorry I just wanted to see how the noodles are made I didn't steal your spice mix you can search me if you want if it wasn't Mr Monkey then who was it I think I smell the spice mix follow me the smell's coming from up there there's another kitchen upstairs come on let's go tomato carrot mushroom cucumber I'm the best chef in the world wow Mr Chef the secret spice [Applause] here wow oh my eyes it's my daughter hurry watch out eyes we need to send her to the hospital right now Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids never play in the kitchen there are sharp Knives and Tools Boiling Water and Electric appliances in the kitchen and they can hurt you also parents need to keep an eye on their children when they're in the kitchen too woof little Rhino was taken by an alien come on little r let's FY kite my kite is going to be so cool wait and see huh ouch alien help help me little woof hi I'm Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador little Rhino is taken by an alien please save him what an alien look over there it can't be an alien something's not right let's follow it no one can run away from me not even an alien balloons b a sh alien it's an alien it's an alien Al Al it's over there there let's go let go of little Rhino right now it's gone oh man it got away uh huh a kite spool could it be a kite not an alien that's why it was flying with the wind oh my goodness that must be it we need to catch the kite and save little Rhino what this is Pon hey Pon we need your support copy that it's Pon Sho time let's go come on up guys flying direction of the wind let's go no problem leave it to me spin spin up into the sky there it is it really is a kite help me please hang in there little Rhino we're coming to get you help watch out Sheriff Labrador we're all fine I'm so scared of big KS Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids kites are very strong when they're flying which is why you should only fly them with your parents never do it alone also always be careful when you're flying kites and not to get Tangled by the string or trip over it lastly the string of a kite is very thin so make sure to wear gloves to protect your hands please remember that playing tricks at the playground yooo [Laughter] I'm stuck who's there what's going on I'm stuck to the slide something's wrong let me help you my pants what's wrong a monster bit my pants it's it's right there a monster let me have a look there's nothing here it's not moving what's going on help me help let's go watch out little elephant are you all right fine Sheriff Labrador little elephant and I were playing on the Seesaw and I don't know why but he suddenly flew away huh hand prins someone must have been here did you see anyone no I didn't H's on the seaw but no one saw it I think it must have been someone who's good at camouflaging then how do we find the suspect I have an idea and time to play another trick pinching shark tongs no Ticky gooey glue no or a slapping fish no a freaking Cactus that's it wonderful it's coming wait no sh of labador follow the footprints H oh man they can see me it's the benching shark dogs look it's chameleon oh no they found me fling fish oh no the sticky going glow ouch over there hurry he's in danger help I'll never play tricks on others again Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids playing tricks on others is not nice especially tricks that are dangerous not only can they scare others but also hurt them have you come across any dangerous tricks remember to tell your parents if you do come across them falling firecrackers oh no I've got to go a there's no B run Sheriff Labrador someone Just Dropped a Bomb into the restroom what a bomb yes and I got burned please find out who did this don't worry there's no case that I can't solve huh I can't see any traces of the bomb what's that huh it's just a firecracker the firecracker must have come through the vent over there but the vent is so high up on the wall who could have done it over there let's go my sand castle is ruined my ice cream oh man why can't we even see the suspect firecrackers again Sheriff Labrador we were taking pictures here and suddenly firecracker flew towards us it's terrible taking pictures can I see the pictures please mhm look here's the suspect it can fly that's why we couldn't find it OU oh I'm sorry I didn't see you coming what are you looking at there I'm not looking at anything I'm keeping my head up because my neck is hurt Mr giraff did you see anyone flying around let's see Two Sparrows a pigeon and a flying squirrel a flying squirrel the suspect is probably the Flying Squirrel which way did he fly huh that way wow firecrackers are so much fun 1 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 2 here's a big one for you 1 2 1 2 1 2 1 1 two what's going on I'm on fire help over there hurry h that was so scary little flying squirrel you should never play tricks on others with firecrackers you could hurt other people and yourself too I'm so sorry sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador safety talk kids firecrackers are dangerous you should never like them without permission if your parents say it's okay make sure to have them by your side and be careful please remember to do that falling disasters hey out wof hi I'm Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador someone's throwing things down from above what throwing things don't worry we'll be right there trash is everywhere where is she please help me Miss Hedgehog Sheriff Labrador someone's been throwing things down from above lately oh please find out who did it don't worry there's no case that I can't solve let's go stop a so you were watering the plants Mr elephant it's very dangerous to put flower pots on the balcony rail they might fall down oh I'm sorry I'll take them down right now over there let's go stop stop what you're doing ow I'm so sorry you were just playing with a yoyo where is the suspect you better run away if I catch it's disgusting this is so much fun over there let's go huh nobody's here look at these These are footprints this is strange the footprint stopped here where's the suspect hiding uh-uh police officer you'll never catch me n huh there you are oh no they found me stop right there so you're the one who did it I'll help too we've got you it's not that easy to catch me that's it for today guys he's so sneaky don't worry he can't run away why is it so slippery nobody can run away from me I'm so sorry I'll never throw things down again Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids throwing things down from above is very dangerous that's because even a little rock can seriously hurt someone when it falls from a high place remember never throw things down from a high place the biting monster wo such a pretty mushroom it must be so yummy oh come on Little Beaver time to eat coming so yummy little be hurt I want more mushrooms Sheriff labrador's little be turned into a monster and he bit our BS he was so scary huh he bit you really hard something's wrong Doby we need to find Little Beaver now okay with this cushion my bottom will be safe huh where did he go huh in the bushes let's go isn't that Little Beaver Little Beaver something's wrong with him hey Little Beaver Hey Little Beaver why me again out no Doby let's climb up a tree now oh no oh no oh no mushroom big mushroom mushroom why is he calling a butterfly a mushroom what's that it can't be these are little beaver's teeth marks I know what's going on little Beaver was poisoned by the mushroom that's why he's acting weird poisoned so we look like two big mushrooms to him we need to send him to the hospital now mushroom mushroom there he is mus get back Little Beaver get back here get back mushrooms mushrooms great he really thinks we're mushrooms let's keep it up no no no this way this way mushrooms mushrooms this way this way mushrooms mushrooms Little Beaver yeah hurry to the hospital Sheriff Labrador safety talk kids you should beware of mushrooms in the wild they may look colorful and pretty but they're very dangerous because most of them are poisonous never pick or eat them remember what we learned today don't trust strangers oh ouch oh are you all right ma'am oh my leg is hurt can you please help me get to the hospital I'm sorry my parents told me not to go with strangers oh oh please help me I'll ask a grownup to help you huh the boy's quite smart I'm going to find another kid ouch oh my leg no Miss Redco are you all right can you help me get to the hospital please of course how kind of you let's go oh oh no I need to call Sheriff Labrador hi I'm Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador I saw little cat going with a stranger please come right now don't there where did they go that way let's go all right let's go stop hurry up stop right now don't move grandma grandma what's wrong with you police officer we were just looking for a restroom what a restroom oh huh what's that smell I know I smell like pee besides that there's something else a cookie oh it's little cat's cookie if we follow this Trail we'll find find him let's go this way we're almost there mhm Miss raccoon are we going the right way sure just follow me I I don't want to go anymore you don't want to go you said you would help me you you're not a lady of course I'm not stop Polie are you all right stop right there stop h where is he you will never catch me see you later hi there nobody can run away from me Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids when adults are in trouble they don't ask for help from children who are weaker than themselves so if an adult asks you for help you should be alert and make sure to tell your parents or a police officer W dangerous insect spray wow it's so yummy oh no skitt ouch super mosquito Hunter can get rid of every mosquito mission complete welome yay no Army skos let's see my tummy hurts my tummy help help Sheriff Labrador the children seem to be poisoned what they're poisoned it's a Viper what no not me stop right there look at these big F she must have bitten the children well Doby this is a king rat snake we King red snake are not venomous I'm so sorry there's no wound on their bodies I don't think it's a venomous animal that attacked them if it's not an animal what made them sick then let's investigate the scene what's that smell huh so many mosquitoes hey kids did you use insect spray just now uh-huh there were a lot of mosquitoes in here so Little Hippo helped us out got you the cake smells like insects spray too insect spray is toxic you must have been poisoned by the cakes covered with insect spray oh no it's very dangerous for children to use insect spray we need to find Little Hippo there won't be any mosquitoes here Little Hippo Little Hippo hippo Little Hippo I found him here Little Hippo I'm little hamster I'm so sorry wrong person so hot so hot huh what's that smell it's my burnt tail and insect spray too over there my tummy over there my dummy my dummy oh no Hippo Little Hippo let's take him to the doctor talk kids insect sprays are toxic you should be careful when using them if you have to use insect spray quickly leave the area after spraying it change your clothes and wash your hands also you shouldn't spray it at people or on food because it might harm others and even yourself please remember that don't play in construction sites stop right there don't even think about it you will never catch me ha got you yay we did it I'll never steal again you're going to the police station with me good job Pon papon always has a way wow there are so many construction vehicles in here let's go in oh no little wild geese went into the construction site it's dangerous in there we need to get them out this is a concrete inter truck W look it's an excavator wow it's a older it's my favorite watch out thanks construction sites are very dangerous you should never play here okay okay everybody line up and count up H 1 2 3 six SL is missing we need to find him right now wow wo wow it's so dirty oh no oh it hurts what's going on help little wo little world where are you watch out it's so dangerous here and it will be hard to find him we need to use search equipment got it taada the awesome searching robot little Waton he'll help us find what we're looking for little won help us find little wild goose T little wild goose little wild goose it has got little wild goose with him sorry he's not perfect just yet it must be little wild goose I am a little duck hold on popcorn where did you find this little won lead the way now dizzy it's so high me someone's calling for help over there help me please he's in danger hurry let's go okay Sheriff Labrador we're all right thanks little wanton that was so scary I'll never play in construction sites talk construction sites are very dangerous they are full of Steels and cement construction vehicles often move around you might get hit and even get hurt cranes lift materials up in the air they might fall and hurt people there are also big and deep holes if you get close to one you might fall in kids please remember these and never play in construction sit a big tornado here's your Ballo my balloon hey Mr Pelican a tornado is coming please stop selling balloons and go home now what a tornado you need to go home too little Yak uhhuh attention everyone attention everyone attention everyone attention everyone a tornado will be here in 15 minutes please go to your basement or underground parking lot and prepare for tornado daddy we need to go to the bement a tornado is coming it's okay it's okay our house is very strong bye-bye don't worry relax help W hi I'm Sheriff Labrador help hello hello papion find out who called just now leave it to me found it the call is from Mr yak's House this is the location this is strange why does it keep moving it's moving so fast last and in circles it can't be they're caught up in the tornado let's go look a ice cream cone is chasing us huh that's not an ice cream cone it's a tumble weed tornado w oh no it's a giant tornado everyone get out of the car and go to low-lying places it's coming Watch Out Mr Raccoon don't stand next to the telephone pole what what was that watch out huh get down where's Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador huh where is is Adobe under your feet ouch huh a potet and a toilet these are things in a house huh oh no the AXS are in the tornado they may get thrown out at any time goby papon let's go save them okay oh no the car can't be used now what do we do I have an idea papion use this as a tire got it Doby help me carry the mattress to the car and use it to save axe watch me Let's Go Daddy what if we fall down we won't Daddy has strong arms daddy dadd daddy a they're falling down Hold On Tight thank goodness we're safe talk kids if you run into a tornado you need to evacuate to a safe place immediately such as a basement or inside a sturdy house if you are in a car stop the car and get out right away and find a low-lying place to take cover also remember to stay away from trees telephone poles and billboards because they might hurt you please keep these in mind a big shark is coming don't worry wow here you are oh hi I'm the new police officer Papo nice to meet you officer papon I have lots of useful tools they'll be handy for operations hi I'm Sher Labrador the sheriff Labrador the shark is fighting people please come a shark hello hello let's go to the beach right now okay so windy come on up hold on tight look our got sp sp off into the sky Doby let's go watch out watch me go I'll take care of the shark thanks Doby everyone get out of the water right now you miss can't fight me Doby come on up now all right play time's over bye-bye that was so scary you guys are awesome sherff the door my brother was out surfing but he isn't back yet we'll go find him right now help he is over there got it help hurry he's in Danger let's go see what I've got the shark's so strong run everybody papon we need your help got it look what I've got this is a smart rescue B it's fully automatic wa let's get on Doby hurry up oh no come on hold on tight everyone let's go I'm sorry something's wrong with the welding but don't worry there's another way look pedal Doby pedal a the shark was so scary Sheriff labador safety talk kids sharks are very dangerous sea animals we shouldn't play in the water when there are sharks around if you ever see a shark get out of the water and go to a safe place nearby also don't go into the water when you have a wound the smell of your blood might attract sharks please remember these tips big fire in the dino Park It's So Co the T-Rex is awesome I want to take a picture with the T-Rex yeah roll help it's pretty fire Dino is dangerous help out hurry up everyone good job papion help them get to a safe place uhhuh got it Doby follow over there hurry I don't want to watch out Don't Panic everyone cover your mouth and nose and move away from the smoke bend down and go this way Sher laor a fire breathing T-Rex took little chick what a fire breathing T-Rex let's go little chick little chick little chick it really is breathing fire no something's wrong with the parts in its mouth help me oh no little tick is in danger let's follow it help let's get out of here oh no look I can't hold it anymore we need to think of something this way and please don't push papon huh oh I'm coming wow such a big T-Rex go up to the back of the T-Rex and turn off the switch got it leave it to me here it is there's so many buttons it's a piece of cake can must Beed this one finally stopped why is it moving again watch out help me please sorry that was the wrong button I'll try again huh it w't move again will Sheriff Labrador safety to kids if you're ever in a place where a fire breaks out don't panic don't try to save your belongings just get out of there right away when evacuating cover your mouth and nose with a a damp cloth and avoid Thick Smoke please remember these tips don't play on Ice it's so cold ah oh no someone's playing on the Frozen River let's go it's so much fun oh I know an even better place to play follow me okay let's go oh no I'm stuck help I'm coming help OU the ice is cracking we need to get out of here that was close a frozen River can crack it any moment and it's very dangerous you shouldn't play on the ice okay we won't oh no the chick brothers are not here yet what I think I saw them running that way they'll be fine won't they Doby let's go come on fish come on it's so much fun my fish hey you scared my fish away my goodness brother chick where did they go uh there he is brother chick watch out stay off the ice help oh boy another Troublemaker give me my fish back sorry it was just a mistake Mr Penguin have you seen the chick Brothers around here huh those troublemakers went that way oh no the ice keeps cracking let's go it's so much fun wow look at these fish it's awesome isn't it uh-huh let's follow the fish hey what's going on look under your feet oh no the ice is cracking what should we do run hurry someone's calling for help over there hurry hurry don't worry we're here help hey hold my hand help hold this we can't go back oh no there's a waterfall head we need to get out of here right now watch out goby brother H hey OU hey Doby that's it hold on tight watch out that was so scary we'll never play on the ice again yeah Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids you should never play on frozen rivers it's hard to tell how thick the ice is so even if it looks hard enough it could still be very dangerous also if the ice breaks and you fall in the water you could get frostbite and your life might be in danger too remember never play on frozen rivers super capeman keeping the forest safe for Justice's sake I'm super ceman well you're awesome attention all citizens there's a burglar going around digging tunnels and stealing things if you find any clues about the suspect please contact us it's so scary don't worry I'll keep the bad guy away with my paper Dad huh nobody's here this is my chance the B from TV here's my cap attack woohoo h hey see even the burglar scared of me stop right there wait stop hi I'm Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador the tunnel digging burglar is here what we'll be right there Sheriff Labrador my brother went after the burglar what he might be in Danger let's go find him hurry ouch stop right there I got ouch ow let me go please I'll give you all of my treasure here take it all super ceman defeated the tunnel digging burglar huh oh my it's just a kid huh I'm super kman keep prot attack keep attack you dare try to trick me Sheriff labador it's okay you're safe stop start right stop hey hey stop right there ah it's a dead end you have nowhere to run oh no aha d d d you'll never catch me it's so hot OU ow ow stop oh no he got away watch me huh oh man he's so sneaky huh I have an idea Doby stink bomb you think you can catch me no way what's that smell it stinks nobody can run away from me time kids if you run across bad guys don't panic and don't try to show off and be a hero never try to fight them stay calm and stay away from them and ask for help from your parents or a police officer please keep that in mind don't eat dirty food wow Mr Fox I want one all right just a moment here here here you are what's this Mr Fox what's this black thing it's just chocolate you seem to really like my salad I'll give you another one thanks ow my tummy hurts ow Where's the restroom why are there so many people here ow my tummy uhoh they don't look well oh sheriff Labrador all these people got food poisoning huh something's wrong huh food poisoning goby please find out what they ate today Hey kid how are you feeling I've got the runs three times do you remember what you ate today I had ice cream fruit salad and a cake oh no I need to go again sir here's the report they all had ice cream cake and fruit salad let's go investigate these shops it's not me my cake shop has been here for 100 years such a thing has never happened since my grandfather's grandfather was here not me I'm sure that nothing's wrong with my yummy ice cream look my ice cream's fine what are you suspecting me my shop is really clean every fruit salad is carefully selected by myself prepared by myself wow I love fruit salad I'd like to have one please great choice H I don't think there is any problem with those shops don't eat it I smelled rotten fruit in Mr Fox's salad shop he must be hiding something what huh isn't that Mr Fox what is he doing there let's go follow him rotting fruit is everywhere those police officers believed what I said h Huh I don't care about rotting fruit I'm not eating them anyway Mr Fox it was you who made people sick police come with us to the police station I I I I'm going to run ouch see you later you can have it it's so disgusting huh you don't want to eat rotten fruit do you you're so bad you are going to the police station with ow my tummy please take me to the hospital first sheriff labrador's safety talk kids check your food before eating if it looks dirty or rotten or it's past its expiration date you shouldn't eat it rotten food can cause stomach ache and even food poisoning please keep these in mind don't get in stranger cars wow wow wow a big cake hey kid I have more in my car want to get in and try some wow yes please la la la la huh hey kid could you show me the way to the park please sure Hey kid your mom has asked me to take you home but I don't know you according to the report someone has been kidnapping children and driving away lately huh oh no we need to find who it is I'll search around in my helicopter wait I have a good idea boohoo my bunny boohoo Bo a suspicious car on your mark Bo Hey kid don't cry I'll give you a new toy wow do you like it yes I do could he be kidnapper he fell for it let's follow him h on H on Sheriff Labrador and with the children great stay with them until we get there don't worry Don't Be Afraid kids I'll get you out of ouch it's a good day today h it's the police stop the car stop the car now you won't catch me huh he got away don't worry we have papon's GPS tracker ah found him right here right in front of us oh no what's going on stop the car right now I'm going to get you get out of the car there's nowhere to run huh you think you can catch me out byby hey there's a boat let's follow him there stop get off me Doby speed up oh I am exhausted papion time for Plan B papon always has a way let me find something else aha stinks I can't stand the smell stop oh no nobody can run away from me on a Flor don't worry you're safe now we will never get in stranger cars talk kids you should never get in strangers cars even if they give you toys or snacks or they say that they are friends of your parents you should always say no also if a stranger forces you into a car call for help keep that in mind never play with caterpillars a caterpillar it looks funny ouch huh a caterpillar huh are they all scared of caterpillars ouch ouch Sheriff Labrador so many caterpillars are in there it's really scary a caterpillar let's go over there little little little turtle are you okay I I'm so itchy it feels like something's under my shell so itchy so itchy another caterpillar my neck my nose oh no the caterpillars are venomous the treatment is all done you'll feel better soon caterpillars usually live in the woods they won't leave there by themselves unless someone moves them on purpose oh I remember when I was doing Tai Chi this morning I saw Little Wolf catching cat caterpillars in the bush Little Wolf must be scaring people with caterpillars we need to stop him oh it's so fun to scare people with caterpillars let's go my caterpillar Army why is my arm so itchy it's getting worse oh no I'm itching all over caterpillars go go away stay away from me help it's Little Wolf over there let's go get off me so many caterpillars the caterpillars are everywhere be careful let's go okay help help me let's get out of here uh uhuh hey hey aha I have an idea Super Tornado oh oh poor kid I'll never catch caterpillars talk kids some caterpillars and bugs are venomous if they bite you the spot might get red swollen at itchy or even worse remember not to touch them and never play around with them also if a bug lands on you don't just grab it with your hand gently remove it with tools please remember that police chasing the big bad wolf let's go sister it's so foggy I think we should go home no I want to keep riding sister wait nobody can see what I'm doing I love foggy days huh so sorry H it's w stop right there help me sister sister sister sister sister somebody help little monkey what's going on Labrador somebody took my sister huh which way did they go that way don't worry let's go the road splits here sister where are out what was that what was that and what's that and what's that oh are you guys okay we're fine I can't see well on foggy days I can't see well I saw wolf riding a little bike with a child behind him it looked very dangerous it look very dangerous we shouldn't have come out on a day like this right we shouldn't have come out wait did you say you saw wolf yes over there let's go uh-huh let's go big wolf let's go big wolf pedal pedal P be quiet the police mustn't hear you hey wolf huh stop right there oh no the stop hey ouch oh no W huh hey it's downhill stop there's a cliff up ahead look forward H that's a lie uh ah hey wolf ah nobody can run away from me help help somebody help me I hate foggy days Sheriff labrador's safety talk kids it's hard to see ahead of you on foggy days that means traffic accidents can happen easily also it's usually Dusty on foggy Days please stay indoors on foggy days for your safety and your health please remember these tips dangerous elevator stop oh go an elevator I have an idea my goodness such a naughty boy wait moveie side to the top floor stop right there close please close take the stairs huh keep going why is the door opening W he's over there close close close I'm going to undo them you what do you think you are doing don't you think it's fun what are you doing get off me hey stop oh no close close now hey close close now stop pressing the buttons hey don't even think about it close close Stop close close now huh said stop doing it oh finally what a day I better not see you bye-bye I need to run huh that's it pH it's too high hurry we're almost there wa here take this go hey huh lucky huh you again now I'm going to teach you lesson it's not safe here I need to get out of here open open now huh hey what's going on he's over there hurry my treasure my treasure hey wo stop right ouch nobody can run away from me help me oh no someone's in there let's go help don't worry you're safe now I'll never play in elevators again Sheriff labador safety talk kids you should follow the safety rules when you take an elevator always ride the elevator with your parents and never play with with the buttons jumping or playing around is dangerous too and that might cause an accident please remember that W go go go go let's go sh laor the dangerous kitchen smells so good two bowls of our noodles wow oh it looks so mix secret spice mix yeah the recipe is from our Daddy's Daddy's daddy that's right another Ball amazing another bow Please Mr Panda my Mr Panda what's mix is gone what it's handed down to me by my family and now it's gone please help me find solve if it was stolen it there must be up and look around there's the Fe it's just flower huh Footprints it looks like the thief broke in through the window huh still be here H you can't run away I got you ouch stop right there Mr Monkey it was you no no it wasn't me I'm sorry I just wanted to see how the noodles are made I didn't steal your spice mix you can search me if you want if it wasn't Mr Monkey then who was me the smell's coming from up there there's another kitchen upstairs come on let's go tomato carrot mushroom cucumber I'm the best chef in the world well Mr Chef the secret spice here wow oh my eyes it's my daughter hurry watch wo little Rhino was taken by an alien come on little r now let's my to see huh alien help help me little r now little r woof hi I'm Sheriff Labrador Sheriff Labrador little Rhino is taken by an alien please save him what an alien balloons balloon a sh alien it's an alien it's an alien Ali it's over there let's go let go of little Rhino right now it's gone oh man it got away uh huh a kite Wind oh my goodness that must be it we need to catch the kite and save little Rhino this is Pon hey Pon we need your support copy that it's papon show time come on up guys fly in the direction of the wind let's go no problem leave it to spin up into the sky there it coming to get you Labrador we all fine I'm so scared of Big K Sheriff lidor safety tangled by the string or trip over it that playing tricks at the playground Yahoo Yahoo wrong let me help you pants it's it's right there a monster

- I *TAKEOVER* ARSENAL For 10 SEASONS and CREATED a DYNASTY!!! (NEW SERIES🤩) - FIFA 22 Career Mode: Kind: captions Language: en in today's video we're going to be taking over arsenal and managing them for 10 seasons if you're wondering why arsenal well um i don't trust the process with mikhail arteta their 10th in the premier league and i think they'd be a great club do you know start a brand new series with yup we're gonna call this takeover mondays i kinda like the sound of that where we'll be taking over the club for 10 seasons and we're starting off with arsenal we'll be keeping track of every trophy we win over the course of these 10 seasons so should be fun to see at the end how many trophies we can end up with we'll also be tracking the top scorer and the topper sister throughout the 10 seasons quick look at the rules of this brand new series we're calling it 10 seasons take over 10 seasons to glory we can make three transfers per season so yup it's not gonna be like we're gonna sign everyone in the first season we're allowed to make two transfers in the summer one in the winter transfer window we gotta sim every single game and the main objective is to create a dynasty over the course of these 10 seasons it's not a gameplay heavy video we're not going to be playing any games but it's all about just managing the club for 10 seasons kind of like what arsene wenger did at arsenal so yeah if you guys are excited for the brand new series and want to see this happen weekly i'd appreciate if you could smash that like button tell you what 8 000 likes in this video and we'll make this a weekly thing next week i'll get you another takeover monday video that i'll i really like the sound of takeover mondays so yeah do drop a like in the video subscribe if you are new around here as well and it's time to take over arsenal for the next 10 seasons all right guys season one begins and i'm liking the look of the team we've got here i mean 10 seasons man so we got to be patient with what we build players like ur regatta probably going to be here from day one until season 10 he'll be 32 by then so yup even players like ben white you could say so the youngsters like saka are going to be so so important for this challenge but even the older players like obama i think are going to be key for the first few seasons so we've got a good balance a good squad still think we need a fair few signings we can make two in the summer window one in the winter window keep that in mind also a lot of these youngsters you guys can see let's say like sambila konga and ketia they're gonna play big parts i feel after we reach season four season five so keep an eye out for that leno and gold i'm liking it man let's figure out where we need to make improvements okay so we're looking at a budget of about 78 million not too bad we can easily make a couple of really good signings if we adjust that it's even more plus i'm gonna be selling a lot of places i really don't care about okay so we've already got a god level player coming from the youth academy i think this is the homegrown player we get owen terry 71 rated already like what's going on and in the challenge like this he's gonna be insane cause let's be real 10 seasons from now he'll only be 26 in his prime i'm promoting him straight away to the senior team i've just sold like i said to ac milan you're wondering why well because he's 30 and obama's already old i'd rather get a younger striker so i'll take the 25 million for him first transfer has been secure it's alessandro bastani i really feel like we needed a centre-back above the overall of 80. that's something we were lacking and bastani is only 22 and he will be here for the next 10 seasons so i think it's a no-brainer we've signed him for 44.2 million stats all round look pretty incredible for him and with development plans we're gonna make him op so that's our first signing so instead of getting a backup striker i decided to make my second signing declan rice i know you're thinking declan rice to arsenal what's going on i feel like having him in that cdm role along with party which is free already got up so much and it just would work i really think so 55 million for him is super expensive but he's only 22 high rated enough as well to improve the team of fair bits so yeah declan rice is what i've gone for all right guys transfers have been wrapped up for the first transfer window bastogne and declan rice is what we made i'm liking the look of this squad i think we did a good job back up options are looking nice as well i'm very intrigued to see how we do in the first season one thing i do like about this takeover challenge is that there is no rush as such do you know win win like the champions league in x amount of seasons we can take it easy and that's what we're doing but the objective is to build a god squad by the end of the 10th season also for this first episode we're not using the youth academy i want to try doing it through signings itself but from the next episode maybe we'll get the youth academy involved completely oh um okay i didn't expect this 16th in the premier league with that team guys um we could get sacked talk about 10 seasons we won't even last one if we get sacked that's the challenge completely failed by the way okay wow i i didn't expect this we need to make a good solid signing in this window otherwise we could genuinely get sacked okay so i'm negotiating for sejinio dest and they want granite shocker in a swap deal if barcelona lost their minds i'll i'll work with it i guess and yup so junior desk has been signed but i don't know why that yellow shirt player is on on here like why who is he i don't know but anyways we've swapped jakka for dest surprising and that is our signing of the winter window complete the question is can we survive the premier league in the first season because my god will be bad in the first half of the season let's simmer until the end and see what we can achieve because i'm concerned about even lasting the first season here at arsenal i mean trust the process and all but that's not a good start all right boys this is the moment of truth where at the end of season one we're gonna find out whether we keep our job in the premier league or not because if we finish 14 15 which thankfully we haven't i think we're getting sacked good thing is we finished above spurs that's that's an achievement in itself we're in the top seven top six okay top four maybe now we get fifth in the premier league okay how far off we were we were five points off but how did we recover from almost being in the relegation zone to top five so genius did he have that big of an impact i don't know but we'll we'll take that we'll take fifth for the first season no trophies there was leicester win the fa cup and it is manchester city who win the carabao cup so that's why is martin hurdegaard our top goal scorer look at him grow in his overall up to an 85 superb aubameyang which is 13 goals that is a bit of a bummer assist wise well emile smith wrote top sister for the season interesting here we go updating our all-time stats and we've got of course um martin nurigar our top scorer with 17 emil smith rowe with nine assists i'm keen to see who ends up being our top scorer after 10 seasons for now let's head into season two all right guys season two begins with arsenal and i think it's evident where we need to make the improvements we were lacking a ton of goals last season and that was mainly the striker department so getting a striker that's going to get us goals for fun that is the move right now it's time to bring in that replacement for pierre-emerick aubameyang and we're bringing richarlison from everton now this trance was super cool for us because we only paid 36 million and lucas torreira i wasn't anyway gonna use torreira so unbelievable transfer i'll absolutely take that and he'll be a great striker for the next four to five seasons but since this is a 10 season project at some point we might have to replace him carlos soled contract expiring in 12 months you know i love a player whose contracts expiring top class signing boys carlos soler in season 2 from valencia and for about like 48 million so we'll absolutely take that we're done with our signings for this summer window all right guys that's how the squad's looking like for season two i'm loving it boys i'm loving it we had players like when doozy and sally saliva come back from their lone spell which is great we're ready for season two i really think this is the season we can start adding to our trophy cabinet and let's hope that's the case i love the signing of solaire brings back kind of the michael arteta vibes in this arsenal midfield as a player of course richarlison's going to give us goals we've got emil smith robbing 81 erdegaard in the center loving it let's see what we can achieve in season two okay this is actually disappointing we've directly simmed to the end of the season because i felt like we didn't really need to make signings in january i was happy with the team i'd have i got and well we're sixth in the prem how are we gonna get into champions league football at this state we're two seasons in our team is actually very high rated so i'm very surprised at this huh okay this is very very interesting sixth in the premier league in our second season that's worse than what we did last season huh when are we going to get our first trophy brighton managed to win the epic up brighton have won a trophy before us like what what about the carabao cup that goes to chelsea fair play europa league though we're in this competition as we finish fifth and there you go that's more like it we're in the finals against leicester all right guys let's get our first trophy on board here as we take on leicester city in the europa league final come on first trophy i won it typical arsenal we lost this so no champions league next season as well this is brutal this is honestly brutal martin erdogan he's he's becoming our top goal scorer and 10 assists is well from him that's mental carlos solaire did incredibly well what a shining he's been 15 goals emile smith rowe why does richarlison only have nine goals and why is aubameyang still at the club i'm confused with that but those are our top goal scorers for this one erdegaard's having a monstrous season emile smith throw is done pretty well as well and yeah that's it for for the stats top gold skoda remains smart nerdy guard with 37 but odd guards also taking home the top assisted award as well for this one it's actually mental anyways time for season three hopefully we can start winning trophies season three begins and it's a bit shocking that we're yet to win a trophy like if you look at this team how insane is this i'm thinking guys we replaced bernd leno because he's 31 remember we got to do 10 seasons here so we're gonna have to keep changing players even though they are super high rated so probably leno is the oldest player in the squad and i think we need to get a new keeper well that's probably what we're gonna do in season three i don't think we need to make any other signings i don't wanna make signings in this series for the sake of making signings if you get me we're gonna be smart about it money-wise the williken good i sat there and renewed a lot of the contracts so we're down to about 140 mil but that's still good freaking money oonai simone is the goalkeeper i've gone for he's 26 so he should give us five six good seasons if we're pushing it maybe seven or maybe even eight i'm not entirely sure but i like this signing i think he can offer us a fair bit he can still grow in his overall as well good replacement for bern leno who i think we'll be shipping out adam ramsay by the way continues to grow in his overall so i think we've got some really good competitive keepers all right boys that's how our squad's gonna be looking like for season three i don't think there's any need to make any improvements in terms of signings i want to trust this squad that we've got and see what we can achieve in season three it's about time we win some silverware you look at the overalls in our team it's it's it's a bit of a madness that we haven't won anything that's gonna be the goal for season three this is not a drill i repeat this is not a drill liverpool arsenal we've made an fa cup final are finally a shot to win a trophy it's taken us three seasons we lost already the europa league final gotta win this come on guys let's get our first ever trophy of this challenge please huh are we ever gonna win a trophy this is just depressing at this point of course it's mo salah scoring the winning goal no trophies yet but at least we'll be in the champions league next season that itself i'll take that's a big upgrade 76 points is where we finish at way behind manchester city but second in the premier league is a pretty big upgrade from the first couple of seasons so we're finally becoming a top club in the prem and now we'll be getting to experience champions league next season emile smith row top scorer that is incredible what a season from him 22 goals 10 assists richarlison 19 goals not too bad martin nerdergaard coming up with 15 and 17 assists as well carlos soler is really really good but right now ergar has been the star of this challenge emil smith rowe might be challenging for the top scorer charts we'll see but those are the stats that's why smart nerdguard leads the charts again 52 goals 35 assists what a player and he's only 25 i reckon we're gonna have him for the entire challenge which will genuinely be epic time for season four we're still yet to win a trophy season four and you probably would have noticed we're not making as many signings as we need we're keeping this kind of realistic in the sense that you know for example liverpool once they won the champions league they didn't just go all out and buy more players the following season they kept it you know loki and that's what we're trying to do we're making slow signings but we're doing it we're improving the team slowly it's a 10 season project got to keep that in mind for season four i reckon tomiyasu 25 i don't know about him too much i think that's one of the only changes we need to make right now because apart from that i'm loving the look of this squad and i'm sure trophy will come soon the budget right now for us is just irrelevant the club's just giving us endless money but yeah we're just gonna make that one right back signing if you're wondering what happened to sejinio dest for some reason the man has fallen off i'll put him in the starting eleven actually then you know what i don't want to sign that right back i'll keep suggest i actually don't want to make any signings as crazy as that sounds i'm happy with the squad maybe once players start getting a bit older we'll try and make more signings but for season 4 i'm happy to keep the team as is one more thing i want to show you guys is some of the players we've loaned out look at this guy miguel aziz he's growing pretty well balogun as well all these players guys once we get towards the eighth to ninth season are gonna be very useful so i can't wait to see how we incorporate them in the squad i've put them on like two-year loan deals so let's just fire through season four champions league for the first time can't wait to see how we perform guys guys guys this day cannot be forgotten we've actually won a trophy it's taken us four seasons but we actually won a trophy it's the worst one possible it's the mighty carabao cup but here we've beaten man united for it and we've got some silverware four seasons to win the caraval cup oh my god oh wow this is honestly a bit mental we're in the fa cup final as well we could be winning two trophies this season okay here we go fa cup final i don't want to lose it like the last time let's make it one fa cup and one carabao cup there you go job done that's two trophies this season and there may be more to come i'm surprised that how bad we were in the premier league considering we just won two domestic up competitions fourth in the prem that's worse off than last season liverpool end up winning the league not gonna lie i'm certainly disappointed especially considering how big that gap is the premier league is something i desperately want to win in this video maybe season five is when we'll win it apart from that you won't believe it though we're in the champions league final how has this happened let's take a look we knocked out liverpool we knocked out barcelona 5 nil and we knocked out napoli just crazy let's get through this final yeah this is genuinely mental arsenal psg sinestera who's that no messi i think messi is retired guys champions league final against psg are we gonna genuinely add a champions league in the fourth season itself i don't know how but maybe we might just do it nah nah messi comes off the bench he's not retired he comes off the bench and haunts arsenal again that's a champions league final l we've taken oh my god is that brutal but still fa cup and carabao cup at least some silverware this season gives me a lot of confidence for the next few ones carlos soler oh my god 34 goals in a season from midfield wow that is just outrageous that is outrageous richarlison with a big season 26 mark nerdergaard with a fantastic season as well once again emil smith rowe keeps performing nicola pepe with a few ways sucker yoshaka needs to step up man sucker really does but mental stats all round that's why 69 goals for of course oh to god but he better be careful richarlison is closing in slowly but surely apart from that soleil with the monstrous season you just never know odiga top a sister though that is far ahead of 47. and now let's look at trophies look at this guys a couple of trophies added on to the cabinet four seasons in fa cup and carabao cup let's see what we can achieve in season five we're now coming into season five having won trophies job is now to take it even further i think i've identified where i want to make improvements because i think we need to make a signing or two gabrielle i think we've reached our peak performance with him 84 we need to do a bit better than that and i'm sure we can do a bit better than that so i'm thinking a center back is what we go for tomiasu getting a replacement for him maybe we'll delay that a bit because i'm still banking on serginio dest going up in his overall i don't know why he hasn't grown by the way enkeitia will be sold for some reason he signed a new deal with crystal palace which i don't understand why he's 26 so it's fine and we'll have balo balakon be our backup striker for this season so well let's figure out that center-back signing money isn't an issue because we reached the champions league final we got champions league football as well we won a couple of trophies we've got unlimited funds basically all right guys five seasons in and we're making some serious transfers now upon makano 154 million now our defense is just insane and maybe it's time we start winning premier leagues in the champions league so there you go 89 rated center back has been signed he's 26 let's go oh we've got a community shield final since we of course won the fa cup that's another shot at winning a trophy let's let's add to it liverpool have a good team they've signed memphis their pie belling in place for them robertson has moved to centre-back interesting let's sim this one and see if we can win we can carlos soler keeps scoring for us what a player two nil against liverpool and that's another trophy what a way to start off season five is this i think it's season five anyways no more signings i'm happy with the squad once again upon meccano adds so much we've sold gabrielle we're just gonna rock this team can we maybe reach the champions league final again let's see most importantly i think it's high time we start winning the premier league so we've simmed until the end and now this is wrong this is just wrong i thought we were finally gonna win the premier league man this is so wrong 79 points same as liverpool but goal difference gets liverpool the title five seasons in and we're yet to win the prem title that is such a bummer what about of course the fa cup city wins that carabao cup maybe goes our way nope city wins that too champions league we're in the final once again and it's the same game psg arsenal my god back-to-back champions league finals maybe this time we'll get a bit lucky we knocked out spurs in the semis atletico madrid in the quarters and woltzburg in the round of 16. here we go arsenal psg come on guys let's do this messi starts on the left he's still playing which is incredible marquinhos lacroix back they've got a good team boys we've lost to them last season this season can we win the champions league i can't believe it man two seasons in a row we've lost the champions league to psg two finals we've lost now like don't know what to say guys don't know what to say no trophies again this season we've got five more seasons to go to fill up the cabinet but huh this is yeah we've built a great team but no trophies has such to show for it richarlison oh my god i'm glad we stuck by him because he's just had a monstrous season 39 goals for him carlos soler coming in with 21. early got slowed down a little bit but still good season emile smith road decent but richarlison oh my days that's wise we've got a new top scorer and that's rich allison who's now scored 93 goals for arsenal so fair play richarlison for getting there incredible man 93 is a lot he's overtaken herder guard by just a few goals but that's cool to see oligarch is still our top assister though now time for season six yet to win a major trophy we're in season six guys and honestly this team is so good we don't need to make improvements at least now and by what i mean at least now is that because this is a 10 season challenge players are aging if you look at this guys our squad consists of so many 28 29 year olds and soon we'll be needing to replace most of them that's going to make things incredibly difficult for us but hey that's the challenge guys that is the challenge but yeah for this season i want to keep the squad as is i want to trust them but if we can't win any major trophies you know heads will need to roll as they say and we'll need to make big signings to try and get some silverware okay season six but at the end of the season are we gonna win the premier league it's about time also the premier league table looks a bit crazy with everton 13th liverpool 12th what's happening here man city finished eighth could this be the season could this be the season we're top four chelsea finished four spurs third okay so we're one two oh my god this is it this is the moment six seasons of grinding and yes guys we've won the premier league finally oh my god what a grinded spin but we've won the premier league for the first time in this challenge arsenal have won the premier league i don't even know what year it is what 2027 is something genuinely crazy but we've done it water relief do we win any other trophy let's see fa cup that goes to chelsea what about the mighty carabao cup that goes to city do we make the champions league final no we didn't it's liverpool psg psg for three seasons in a row have ruined our life like what is this man they win the champions league they'll probably win it against liverpool but we got knocked out in the semi-finals ah at least we won the premier league this season though emil smith through our top scorer earth got getting injured that's such a bummer but he had a good season overall where did richarlison fall off so bad that's that's obama he was way better last season anyways erdogan and emile smith row had big big seasons for us statsweis richarlison holds the crown with 111 goals for arsenal at his time here superb to see top scorer for us over these six seasons we've still got four more to go oh regard topper sister with 63 he's still miles ahead of anyone else trophies wise we've now won three trophies over the course of these six seasons which sounds very underwhelming could have certainly been a bit more if we hadn't lost all those finals but yeah we're adding the premier league to it fa cup and the carabao cup let's keep winning more i just need that champions league or the euro part not the europa league just the champions league we need that in this save all right guys season seven begins and we're yet to win the champions league we're coming off a premier league winning season which is great but i reckon we can certainly win more i think enough is enough with saka he's just not growing in his overall maybe we time it's time to look for something better and that's what we'll be striving towards for of course season seven i think a world-class right winger is the play can we even pull this off i was looking at gabby but ignore him for now can we pull this off jaden sancho oh my god if we can sign a 91 rated sancho he'd fit in perfectly he will give a sucker for depth nicola pepe is getting older as well sancho should give us three four good seasons and that's all we need season seven eight nine and ten that's all we need let's do it boys oh come on i've got it on strict negotiations for this challenge and we can't sign sancho we'll have to look elsewhere that is so frustrating i think this is a top tier signing we couldn't sign sancho so i've gone for a player from iax in anthony who's playing at liverpool by the way managed to get him for a good price for about 85 million or something because his contract was expiring 88 rated incredible stats all round way better than saka saka for some reason just stopped growing i do not know why maybe that'll change over time but i don't know but i think this is a class signing all right boys squad ready for the season season seven now can we win the champions league this season we certainly have the squad and depth to do so so at the end of season seven this is we've won the premier league that is our second premier league trophy in seven seasons we'll take it we'll absolutely take it 82 points 12 cleared of liverpool look at how the time the the protagonists in the premier league have changed like wolves and everton in the top four city have fallen off so much liverpool are the team that finished second insane what about the carabao cup let's see what happens there west ham beat us in the final i thought we were past that fa cup do we win this let's go we've beaten liverpool in the fa cup final that's two trophies this season two fa cups now two premier leagues community shield come on we lost this are you kidding me what about the champions league we're in the final we're finally in the final and this time it's against liverpool thank god it's not psg oh we knocked out psg in the semi-finals wow we knocked out man united we knocked out inter let's beat liverpool oh wow erdogan is suspended for this final that is such a bummer that is such a bummer okay now liverpool champions league final there's no way we're losing three champions leagues no beyond finally after seven seasons we've won the champions league for the first time in this save what a freaking relief this is oh my god who scored the winner richarlison early on that's one champions league now for us let's go richarlison at the age of 31 continues to grow and it's a 35 goal season from him look at anthony what a signing he's been 30 goals emile smith rowe coming up with 24. erdegaard kind of slowed down but still popped up with a fair few assists so lair not too bad yo these players are all retaining their overalls i don't think we'll need to replace most of them for the rest of the challenge that's great to hear we've got three seasons more to get through okay not too bad so that's why richarlison just keeps breaking records 146 goals for him in the premier league in all competitions for arsenal he's 93 rated and he's showing no signs of stopping i want to see him hit the 200 gold mark for us hopefully he can do that oh god with 75 assists is amazing and yes that's looking great i don't think anyone's catching either of them in their category trophies wise now that's what i'm talking about we've added three trophies this season a prem a fa cup and of course the champions league william good three more seasons let's see how much more we can fill this up time for season eight i'm not seeing any drop off whatsoever in overalls for the players so i don't think we need to panic yet and sell some of the 30 plus year olds i think everybody's doing really well right now in terms of overall so we'll just keep it as is we've just won the champions league and the premier league and the fa cup no reason to change the squad let's get right with this squad until the end of season eight and see how we can defend our titles ah come on i thought we could really go back to back in the premier league so season eight with an aging squad five points off manchester city that's what we've managed to achieve no premier league title for us bright in the champions league next season hey fair enough what about the other competitions did we win the community shield finally we get a community shield that's the first one believe it or not in what eight seasons now that's that's a bit crazy fa cup what happens here we win the fa cup as well against liverpool carabao cup that goes to liverpool they beat us there so fa cup and community shield so far this season champions league are we in the final we are again against lancio interesting we knocked out dortmund we knocked out villarreal and we knocked out atletico madrid let's beat lazio alright guys let's do this arsenal last year we got to win this come on we've got to win the champions league can't believe we lost delazio we should have won at least three champions leagues i don't know how we've lost the psg twice and lazio once oh my god we're still getting to the champions league finals and all which means our team is not is not like losing grip because this they're old they're still doing fine but how do we not win this i don't get it that's a big hell we've taken emile smith rowe since when has he become a goal scorer of this magnitude 38 goals this season 16 assists as well erdgod is slowing down but he's got such a big advantage for the assist app so he's still going to be top and sister richarlison another 30 plus goal season 38 that's why it's just incredible the great thing is nobody has dipped in their overall everybody's continuously getting better i reckon we don't need to replace our squad we'll just run with it until the end only a couple of seasons remaining and seeing how many more trophies we can add richarlison is so close to 200 golds we need him to get there i'm really hoping we can do that plus i'd love to see your regard bag 100 assists so two seasons left i think it's possible trophies wise oh the cabinet is filling up three fa cups now just the europa league left but we don't really care about that that's that's fine um champions league one two premier league titles two seasons to go how much more we can add to this season nine two seasons to go i kind of feel like we need to add more trophies but yeah the squad is still just incredible like there's no player downgrades happening at all like everybody's at their peak no reason to make any signings or replacements considering we are making champions league final after finals so there's that but we do need to sign a keeper because well ram still has left the club we've got unlimited funds so let's just sign someone just going to sign andre lunan i love a bit of contract expiring stuff we'll get him for like 30 odd million we'll take it 85 rated backup keeper there you go that's our backup keeper sorted in lunan let's go team's looking incredible we're now gonna sim until the end once again i gotta win the champions league i feel like winning just one champions league with this arsenal team that we've built would be such a failure we got to add more and let's go big margin we've won the premier league title 86 points that's i think the highest we've had 11 played of chelsea 12 cleared of manchester city that is yet another premier league title we've won super optic that's now three i think let me just have a quick check have we won three premier league titles yup this is number three in ten seasons i mean there's still one more to go winning three to four prem league titles i'll absolutely take that this is number three amazing what about other competitions community shield we're adding a second one to the list absolutely superb what about the fa cup who won that but burnley burnley burnley of all teams okay catabol cup who wins that that goes to us let's go that's our second carabao cup trophy adding more and there's still more to come because guess what we're in the champions league final against man city leverkusen villarreal relatively easy teams knocked out napoli anyways city in the final let's do this 20 30 by the way i feel like we've lost so many champions league finals in this save it's frustrating like can't lose another one boys can't lose another one we gotta win this and we do manchester city lose two nil to us we've won the champions league what a freaking relief that's number two big season as we want both the prem and the champions league and the karapawa cup will take a cheeky treble let's go emil smith throw with a 41 goal season if richarlison didn't keep up with him at this rate i think emil smith rowe could have easily won the top scorer charts or be the top scorer frost oh regard picking up some assists is great to see richarlison's steady rate but he's slowly going down but since we've got only one season left i'm just gonna stick with the squad we've got but yeah great stats all round looking at the stats richarlison has crossed goal number 200 210 is what he's managed to do which is just crazy fair play fair play richarlison for scoring 200 plus goals order guard with 100 assists as well one more season to go trophies wise three premier leagues three fa cups two carabao cups two champions leagues and two community shields as well brilliant let's see what we can do in the final season all right guys season 10 now what a grind this has been this is taking me so long to record i appreciate if any of you guys watching all the way to here and have not liked the video please do like the video cuz yeah it's taking a while but yeah anyway season 10 i'm actually thinking before we get any further i kind of want to see some of the overalls and like the top talents in the world right now what about ansufati overall would he be like oh he's 90 rated rp leipzig that's a weird one what about erling holland earling holland is he still a dortmund that'd be mad if he is he is still at borussia dortmund wow 93 rated insane pretty sure mbappe is 100 at psg i don't see any way he's leaving psg 31 r yeah 95 killing mbappe though no wonder psg denied us a couple of champions leagues who else are top talent spelling him would be a fun one to look at let's see how bellingham is up to uh 27 89 rated shoot bellingham okay anyways time to get through season 10 again final season don't want to make any changes i love this squad we got we won the champions league last season let's trust the team our squad's looking a bit tinder that's fine i guess that's completely fine i think we'll still survive this season let's do it let's get to the end and see what's up in our final season of this entire challenge season 10 can't believe we've managed to get to this point where do we finish in the premier league can we make it four premier league titles of course we're top ten we're top six manchester united finished sixth city finished fifth west ham fourth okay we're top three ah come on we finished third maybe it's because the aging squad seven points of chelsea who end up winning the premier league what about the community shield we lost that to burnley are you kidding me okay okay fa cup man city win that no trophies this season are you kidding me nah come on carabao cup the mighty carabao cup we've been that at least and do we make the champions league final we do and it's against man city let's go we knocked out juventus we knocked out dortmund we pretty much completed a comeback to knock them out fair enough and we knocked out frankfurt let's win the champions league for the third time in this save not messing about here boys not messing about here as you guys can see a few players have gone down in their overall the likes of richarlison and sold air but they're still so high rated i'm sure city players are pretty high rated as well but let's do this champions league final who's going to win this 2-0 and in the final season we've won the champions league to wrap it up absolutely brilliant richarlison in a season where he was going down in his overall drops of 40 bomb what a way to wrap up this arsenal challenge from emil smith throw deserves a ton of credit oh to god adding another 12 assists let's take a look at the final stats and of course trophies there's something very satisfying about richarlison hitting exactly 250 goals that's mental 250 goals for richarlison what a player we've signed in this challenge helped us win three champions leagues early god with 113 assists i'm sure other guard has scored around 150 goals as well so that's mad but yeah richarlison our top scorer urrigada top sister and one final look at all the trophies we've won three premier leagues three fa cups three carabao cups three champions leagues and two community shield trophies so that is a total of 14 trophies over a decade could have been a bit better but the amount of finals we've lost man just meant to alright boys this is where we're gonna wrap up the video this was so much fun to record absolutely enjoyed building this team and it was so much fun going through seasons and just seeing the player grow carlos soler being such a hero for us richarlison being a god getting her regard to 95 this was fun i want to do this again let me know if we should by dropping a like in the video and what team should we do this next with so much fun to record and if you enjoyed it drop a like subscribe for new round here 10 seasons with arsenal 14 trophies richarlison scoring 250 amazing i'll catch you guys for the next one drop a like subscribe and peace

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacob_bone2010 [24 likes]: Sid actually predicted the future with Arsenal signing Rice 😂
  2. @jbee4513 [5 likes]: Declan Rice to Arsenal really happend
  3. @Shadow-ke5is [2 likes]: Did sid predict arsenal winning the 25/26 premier league?
  4. @MolefeLenyai [2 likes]: Bro pridected that arsenal will win the 2025/2026 season
  5. @Neymar.exe123 [2 likes]: no way bro predicted the declan rice signing
  6. @EJS99-789 [2 likes]: Who's here after Declan rice signed for arsenal
  7. @ifeoluwaorukotan2208 [2 likes]: bro predicted the future with declan rice
  8. @stressbanana6821 [1 likes]: Rice to arsenal😮 that would never happen!?!!
  9. @stressbanana6821 [1 likes]: Rice to arsenal😮 that would never happen!?!!
  10. @l_mck117 [1 likes]: watching in 2024 after declan rices first season bro predicted his signing
  11. @fayselhattab7104 [1 likes]: you signe d.rice before they did it in real life 😂
  12. @Saint_tyto102 [1 likes]: S2g predicted the future of arsenal signing rice
  13. @BK_Plays14: Its like watching the mona lisa be painted 😢🙏
  14. @Deepwokenhero_ezgromit3: 3:£6 mental
  15. @Neymar.exe123: bro really had upamecano, antony, richarlison and tierny in the same team. is this joke fc or smth
  16. @Neymar.exe123: whos here after Nketiah signed for crystal palace in real life as well
  17. @leagueonedone42: 0:08 That aged well
  18. @SamNicolson-d3h: What your house number can burgel you
  19. @LucasGallagher-re5iv: Bro didn’t trust the process🤣💀
  20. @Jordanmite636-zd5ip: Bro I am watching this when arsenal are first😂

- The Different Seasons in Australia's Indigenous Cultures - Behind the News: Kind: captions Language: en-GB JACK: These guys are learning about the seasons, but not the ones you'd recognise. You've got to say it three times - Warltati. KIDS: Warltati, Warltati, Warltati. Good, that's summer. Uncle Lewis and Aunty Suzanne have paid these guys a visit to teach them all about the Kaurna seasons. In the winter months, we would move more towards the shelter and warmth. Now, if it's stinking hot, where are we going to go? Yeah? Instead of using dates to mark the change of a season, they follow the cycle of plants, animals, water and the stars. We look at the stars, we look at the plants, we look at the winds, and so we look at all the indicators and that's how we follow what's going on. With the help of the Bureau of Meteorology, they've now created this Kaurna seasonal calendar to help other kids learn it too. There's Warltati, which is summer, when the sun is hot. Parnati, or autumn, when this star is near the moon. Winter is known as Kudlila, which means 'when the earth is washed'. And spring, Wirltuti, that's when the eagle's foot or the southern cross is in this particular spot in the sky. But while the Kaurna seasons are pretty similar to the ones we know, there are hundreds of other Indigenous groups around the country that have very different ones to match their local weather patterns. (THUNDER RUMBLES) For example, up north around the Tiwi islands, there are three distinct seasonal changes. Jamutakari, the wet season, this begins when the koels start to call, and it means rain is on its way. Kumunupunari, the dry season of fire and smoke, when plants start to flower and possums are fat. And Tiyari, the season of hot weather and high humidity, when creeks start to dry up and mangrove worms are easy to find. Meanwhile, over in WA, the Yawuru people have six different seasons. Man-gala, when flies and insects are everywhere. Marrul, when the tides are high and sea animals are small. The flowering bloodwood indicates the start of wirralburu. Barrgana, when fog covers the land. Birds start nesting during Wilburu. And in Laja, the ground is hot and turtles are laying their eggs. Back in the classroom, these guys say that it's been pretty cool learning about Kaurna culture. Today I learnt that when the Kaurna people look up in the sky and they can tell by the stars what the season is. In summer they eat fish and in winter they eat other animals like possums. So, as we hit summer next month, keep an eye out for some of the other signs that help show that a new season has sprung.

- Why should you listen to Vivaldi's "Four Seasons"? - Betsy Schwarm: Kind: captions Language: en Light, bright, and cheerful. It's some of the most familiar of all early 18th century music. It's been featured in uncounted films and television commercials, but what is it and why does it sound that way? This is the opening of "Spring" from "The Four Seasons," by Italian composer Antonio Vivaldi. "The Four Seasons" are famous in part because they are a delight to the ear. However, even more notable is the fact that they have stories to tell. At the time of their publication in Amsterdam in 1725, they were accompanied by poems describing exactly what feature of that season Vivaldi intended to capture in musical terms. In providing specific plot content for instrumental music, Vivaldi was generations ahead of his time. If one were to read the poems simultaneously to hearing the music, one would find the poetic scenes synchronizing nicely with the musical imagery. We are told that the birds welcome spring with happy song, and here they are doing exactly that. Soon, however, a thunderstorm breaks out. Not only is there musical thunder and lightning, there are also more birds, wet, frightened, and unhappy. In "Summer," the turtle dove sings her name "tortorella" in Italian, before a hail storm flattens the fields. "Autumn" brings eager hunters dashing out in pursuit of their prey. The "Winter" concerto begins with teeth chattering in the cold before one takes refuge by a crackling fire. Then it's back out into the storm where there'll be slips and falls on the ice. In these first weeks of winter, the old year is coming to a close, and so does Vivaldi's musical exploration of the seasons. Not until the early 19th century would such expressive instrumental program music, as it was known, become popular. By then, larger, more varied ensembles were the rule with woodwinds, brass, and percussion to help tell the tale. But Vivaldi pulled it off with just one violin, strings, and a harpsichord. Unlike his contemporary Bach, Vivaldi wasn't much interested in complicated fugues. He preferred to offer readily accessible entertainment to his listeners with melodies that pop back up later in a piece to remind us of where we've been. So the first movement of the "Spring" concerto begins with a theme for spring and ends with it, too, slightly varied from when it was last heard. It was an inspired way to attract listeners, and Vivaldi, considered one of the most electrifying violinists of the early 18th century, understood the value of attracting audiences. Such concerts might feature himself as the star violinist. Others presented the young musicians of the Pietà, a Venetian girls' school where Vivaldi was Director of Music. Most of the students were orphans. Music training was intended not only as social skills suitable for young ladies but also as potential careers for those who might fail to make good marriages. Even in the composer's own time, Vivaldi's music served as diversion for all, not just for the wealthy aristocrats. 300 years later, it's an approach that still works, and Vivaldi's music still sounds like trotting horses on the move.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nirbhay_raghav [1 likes]: Well, I have a better idea. If TED-ED can make an animated video with four seasons, thaaaat would be something❤ I know its nothing like reading a poem and listening to 4 seaons but we are not in the 18th century and we should surely take advantahge of that. Please please make this possible guys. You guys are the best animators in the world.
  2. @Hamatdog [1 likes]: The character in the video having red hair is so canon
  3. @warsh1p234 [1 likes]: Spring: Everyone's heard this before (just the 1st movement)
Summer: TAKE FORT ERIE!!!!
Autumn: Heard by REAL Vivaldi fans only
Winter: DE KOMMER, HJAELP OS!!
  4. @El_mas_grande66 [1 likes]: fine thangs
  5. @BRIELLEEDITH: You explained this so well, thank you!
  6. @Amorim020747: The translation from English to Portuguese was done by Raíssa Mendes, much loved by Brazilians.
  7. @χρηστοςπαππας-ζ5σ: THE BEST COMPOSER OF ALL TIME
  8. @user-jg6tj2tz1o: However Vivaldi was plagued by Liaison in his old age.😢
  9. @PradhyunSrinivasan: The first movement of the spring concerto is my fav
  10. @dulio12385: After 2019, Vivaldi will forever be associated with John Wick.
  11. @Johnnytotal: I understand that it is a master piece but didn’t get the reason why I should listen to it?!
  12. @Adel-pn2up: wow
  13. @léoninmusicwtnabe: She clearly hasn't hear his Con. Grosso in D miniore. A MASTERPIECE!
  14. @fatid2928: He is dead😢
  15. @Lolkatlolkat: Love learning ❤
  16. @gregcampbell7034: Trying to discover and educate myself on classical composers and classical music in general. Just listened to this (Winter) through for the first time (by the St. Mark's Philharmonic Orchestra). I cried twice, very dramatic, very powerful, very interesting. ❤ This video here provides some context on Vivaldi, thank you 🙏
  17. @raeraebadfingers: I can't believe I'm nearly 40 and have heard Vivaldi my whole life but never actually LISTENED until I watched this. 

This changed my life
  18. @Youtomme: 1:55 Don't go to lighthouse let's us prepare
  19. @biancanascimentoantonio7728: Genial❤
  20. @LuciusFaith: am i being tricked or is this good music!

- Uncovering the Secret to Solomon Island's Seasonal Scheme: Advantages and Disadvantages Revealed!: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome to my YouTube channel my name is j John rotawa and I'm a member of the provincial assembly for Central Province representing Mike pavuvu Ward 10 FY 2019 April 2024 people in central Province Solomon Islands today's topic is about how Solomon Island seasonal workers will benefit from seasonal worker schemes and how it affects the country the Solomon Islands is a small island country located in the South Pacific Ocean with a population of around 700 000 people the country's economy heavily relies on agriculture forestry and fishing with limited industrialization as a result the country has a high unemployment rate particularly among young people to address this challenge the government of the Solomon Islands has implemented various policies and programs to create employment opportunities including seasonal worker schemes these schemes refer to programs that allow people from Pacific island countries including the Solomon Islands to work temporarily in countries such as Australia and New Zealand the schemes Target specific Industries including Agriculture and Horticulture where there is a shortage of local workers the schemes aim to address the labor shortage while also providing employment opportunities for people from Pacific island countries so how does Solomon Island seasonal workers benefit from the schemes firstly these schemes provide an opportunity for Solomon Islanders to gain employment in countries with a stronger economy the employment opportunities offered through these schemes are often higher paid than jobs available in the Solomon Islands thus seasonal work is an opportunity for Solomon Islanders to earn more money than they would at home and to support their families secondly the seasonal worker schemes also provide an opportunity for Solomon Islanders to develop new skills and acquire work experience in different Industries this exposure and experience can be valuable when returning home to the Solomon Islands as it allows workers to bring back new skills and knowledge to the local Workforce thirdly seasonal worker schemes offer an opportunity for cultural exchange between workers from Pacific island countries and the host countries workers can learn about different cultures and ways of life which can broaden their perspectives and understanding of the world this exchange can be beneficial for both the workers and the host countries fourthly seasonal workers can send remittances back to their families in the Solomon Islands which can help support their communities remittances are an essential source of income for many families in Pacific island countries and the money sent back by seasonal workers can help with Education Health Care and other basic needs lastly the seasonal worker schemes can help reduce unemployment rates in the Solomon Islands by providing an alternative to local employment opportunities this can help reduce poverty and improve the standard of living for people in the country however there are also potential negative impacts of the seasonal worker schemes for instance if too many skilled workers leave the country to participate in the schemes there is a risk that the country will lose valuable Human Resources leading to a brain drain additionally there is a risk of dependence on remittances as a source of income which could have a significant impact on the country's economy if the schemes were to end or if workers were unable to participate due to various reasons in conclusion Solomon Island seasonal workers will benefit from seasonal worker schemes and it affects the country positively these schemes offer employment opportunities skill development cultural exchange remittances and a reduction in unemployment rates however it's essential to Monitor and manage the potential negative impacts of these schemes including brain drain dependence on remittances and labor shortages thank you for watching if you found this video informative and interesting please subscribe to my YouTube channel for more exciting content

- HOW TO: THE EASIEST AND SIMPLEST WAY TO CREATE A MONTHLY BUDGET! 6-MINUTES PROCESS: Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone and welcome back to my channel so today I'm going to be sharing with you guys how to create a simple monthly budget a written budget to be specific and I'm using this notebook from Walmart obviously there are a bunch of ways that we could budget such as Excel worksheets and budget apps and other electronic methods but oftentimes it's worth just using a notebook or a regular piece of paper so the first thing that we want to do is calculate our monthly income and we want to only list our take-home pay so that's money after taxes after payroll deductions after retirement if you have money coming out of your checks for retirement this is the money that is going to come home to you and the money that will for sure cross your bank account so you want to budget using the minimum amount that you know you will bring in obviously sometimes with PTO and just picking up different shifts and working multiple jobs we are able to bring in various amounts but we want to make sure we are budgeting using the absolute minimum that we will bring in so for purposes of this video I'm going to be budgeting for or with 2,300 dollars so we want a total data so that math is quite easy but if you need a calculators to do your math then obviously go ahead and do that but one thousand plus one thousand plus three hundred is $2,300 so that is going to be the total income for the month and this can go for any month this is for no month in particular this is just pretty much how to start out step two is to calculate and list all bills and expenses so I like to start with typically I like to start with fixed expenses first those are expenses that do not change from month to month and then I like to go to variable expenses which are expenses that do change from month to month so rent is typically a fixed expense and eating out or personal spending money or gift money is oftentimes categorized as a variable expense but I will tell you that I feel like the best way to do this is to list the most important expenses first so a lot of times that is your four walls so your rent or more is your water your electricity your food budget just start listing your bills and expenses from most important to least important because a lot of times if you're down to you know you've gotten you've gone through all of your bills and all of your more important expenses and you're running a little short on money then a lot of times that means that you may not get to spend fun money for that month or you'll have a little less for fun money or you won't have a lot for eating out so it's important that we're making sure that our four walls are taken care of and we're budgeting for the most important bills in expenses first and foremost so I always like to leave in a miscellaneous category and this is just for unexpected items a lot of times we forget to budget for things I do it all the time I forgot to budget for my friends anniversary gift this month and it just happens so I always like to leave a little bit in miscellaneous and this is just a month budget obviously I don't have childcare or a car payment or some of these other expenses but I just wanted to throw in just some different expenses and not list our expenses so obviously what we need to do now is total up our expenses so that is what you see me doing at this very moment I am adding up the rent water cellphone car payment renter insurance childcare food fun and miscellaneous that gives us a total of one thousand eight hundred and thirty dollars so our next step of course is to subtract our expenses from income so our income is $2,300 our expenses are eighteen thirty and that gives us four hundred and seventy dollars now at this point it is it's essentially crunch time so we have to figure out what exactly we're going to do with that four hundred and seventy dollars or our remaining funds so this is where a lot of people decide on if they want to go ahead and purchase a gift for somebody if they want to go ahead and put some towards savings if they want to go ahead and take a small staycation if they want to go ahead and make an additional debt payment so in this video I am actually giving up the funds just in different categories so I'm not sending all 472 debt or anything like that and I will show you that momentarily it soon as I slide the page up I will show you how I am giving up those funds so I have two hundred going towards savings 30 going towards a gift and an additional 240 going towards the car payment at that point we have spent all of the 470 which is bringing our new remaining balance down to zero I believe that it is absolutely pertinent that we give every single dollar a job and assignment a name and we budget all of our income all the way down to zero and that doesn't mean we take our bank account to zero that just means that we budget for all of our income that is super important because had we not done that then we wouldn't know exactly what to do with the 470 if we just had it just randomly hanging around because nine times out of ten it would go to something that's not important like eating out or shopping or just excess spending I'm another thing that you can do is write in your due dates for your bills I like to use monthly calendars to write in my paintings in my bills but a lot of people just kind of mark whenever their bills are due and that works for them so anyway this is pretty much the end of this video I just wanted to show you guys how to compose a simple monthly budget this is a tried-and-true every dollar zero based budget and this is the method that my husband and I have used over the last couple of years to pay off fifty three thousand dollars of debt and to meet some of our other financial goals and I did use a highlighter of course because I'm just a little bit extra but I could definitely get behind this method of budgeting easily also one less thing that you can do to really be organized with your finances is to maybe just write in all of the expenses that you have for each month all of the regular expenses the irregular expenses birthdays that are coming up trips that are coming up anything that you can write in so that you can prepare yourself for financially so that is it for this video I hope that you guys enjoyed it and you learn from it and I will see you in my next one bye guys

  Top Comments:
  1. @mikaylahguillaume07: This was the most straightforward video ever thank you for doing this good job. I like this ! Every other video seem to be difficult and the fact that you got straight to the point was very much needed thank you so much and it was very much clear and detail oriented.😁
  2. @denisebd1000: Thanks for sharing. However, people never remember to put money in for personal hygiene products, household items, clothing monthly, nor beauty grooming like hair care or hair cuts. Pedicures etc. So these are categories that should in my opinion be listed in the budget!
  3. @BeanCounter86: Great vid. 

A couple things: 
1) Car Insurance 
2) Car maintenance savings 
3) Life Insurance (assuming health insurance is taken out before take home pay)
4) Emergency savings (Pay it like a bill. Don't make it an afterthought.)
5) Retirement savings  (Pay it like a bill. The earlier you start, the more compound interest works in your favor).

Recommend going through your last three months of savings to see what your bills really are instead of relying on memory. Don’t forget annual bills. Break them down into 12 monthly payments and drop that into a savings account so that you’ll have the cash saved when it’s time to pay.

Also, if you know you want to take a vacation, buy a car, buy a house, make any kind of large purchase, think about how much you want to save for that, divide it by the number of months you have until you go on the trip or make the purchase and pay THAT like a bill as well. 

Example: You plan to buy a car with a $300 car payment. At least 12 months before you buy the car, start saving $300 + estimate on car insurance + monthly maintenance into a savings account. Use that as down payment on the car. When you pay the car off, transfer that same amount to the "car savings account" and work toward buying your next one for cash.

Happy budgeting!
  4. @bigfanofcranberries: You know, wouldn't this be nice to learn in a robust class that gives students an understanding of how this affects your goals and living situation? Thanks for being there to demonstrate these skills for those that weren't taught
  5. @RitaSaysSo: Great budgeting info.  I like how you budget down to zero.  Thx.
  6. @MashKyrielight-u9q: Thank you for the video I need to show this to my students of how to make simple monthly budget
this is the most simple and easy to understand
  7. @traytray3256: What about your car insurance
  8. @ColleenGutierrez-f1d: I love how simple this is. I dislike how some of these budget planners are way too complicated and time consuming.Good job.
  9. @TonyaLynnBudgets: I just started my budget journey at 53 years old to stop living paycheck to paycheck. With goal to get out of debt. Love your content!
  10. @mountahaprottasha: This just unlocked everything for me!
  11. @jacquiegonzalez6929: This would be great for my daughter, if she would want to listen.  I think gas needs to be added to the list
  12. @marianhunt8899: Well done, thanks for sharing.
  13. @deborahhelm3488: So you are trying to pay off the car?
  14. @rapsongmo: I can get this step, what I get stuck on is, splitting up what's paid from which paycheck and, what do you do with the money you save or your misc account - do you leave that in your bank account? Do you take it out and put the cash in envelopes? I have a big handful of categories that I would put money towards each month, but if it's all in the same bank account I look like 😵‍💫 where is it all?
  15. @proudYOUTUBEbystander: This will do! Simple and not over the top like other videos! Thanks!
  16. @shaileshkumar-s5k9l: This is the most engaging tutorial I’ve ever seen!
  17. @BeckyS-g8c: If your in the year 2025 most rent is almost $1000 for a one bedroom apartments unless you live in a small town
  18. @lorraineross6778: Thank you so much. This video was simple, but very informative.
  19. @alijannatpour9206: Hi, How much was your total debts that you were able to pay off in couple years?
  20. @shaqvonamcconn8874: Thank you

- Budgeting Basics!: Kind: captions Language: en Do you ever feel stressed about money? Unless you’re a prince or a preschooler, you probably said yes. For a lot of people, it always feels like there’s not quite enough to go around. You’re constantly having to make tough decisions about what you can forego, and it never feels like you’re really in control of your finances. Well, when you need a bit of inspiration, look no further than the front of a one dollar bill. I’m talking about this guy: George Washington. Besides being the first president of the United States, General George Washington was the commander of the rag-tag Continental Army during the Revolutionary War. He must’ve felt like he never had enough soldiers to go around, but by making a plan, he was able to lead that army to victory over the greatest fighting force in the world. You can take a cue from George by becoming commander-in-chief of your finances. Each one of these is a soldier in your army, and your battle plan is a budget. I know, the word “budget” makes most people want to go AWOL. In fact, according to a 2016 Gallup poll, only 32% of couples keep a written budget of any kind. But if you were a soldier, would you want to follow a general who was making it up as he went along? A lot of people tend to think of budgeting as prediction--estimating what you’ll make in future months and how you’ll want to spend it. But the most effective budgets work exclusively with present dollars. After all, you can’t give orders to soldiers that don’t exist! So the size of your army is only how much money you currently have in your bank accounts. And as general, your role is to give every last one of those soldiers a job to do. So, if you have a total of $10,000 across all of your accounts, you need to decide how much of that you’re going to spend this month, and how much you’re going to set aside for savings. Before we can decide how much we want to spend, we need to know how much we’re spending now. Print out your last 3 months of bank statements, and put each expense into one of 5 categories: Essentials. These are the things you can’t do without. Rent, utilities, groceries, gas, car payments, health insurance. Anything you need to live or do your job effectively. Security. These are expenses that increase your financial stability, like building emergency funds or paying off debts. Don’t double count credit cards in this category though! If you use a card to buy groceries, that expense should go in “Essentials”. Goals. This is money you set aside to achieve big life goals, like saving up to buy a house, starting your own business, or taking a special vacation. Lifestyle. These are expenses that help you navigate your social world. Personal grooming and apparel, gifts for friends and family, gym memberships, even pet needs can go in here. Discretionary. This category is all about treating yourself. Going out to dinner, renting a movie, buying a video game, or getting a massage. Everyone has their own priorities, but think of this as a good battle plan template, with the most urgent needs at the top, and the more flexible ones towards the bottom. Now that you know how much you generally spend on these categories, you can start assigning your soldiers to next month’s duties. Unless you’re living paycheck to paycheck, you probably have some money left over--but don’t let those soldiers just sit around! Decide what you’re saving them for. Is it an emergency fund or a Hawaiian vacation? Savings that have explicit purposes are a lot harder to steal from. Congratulations! You’ve made your first month’s budget Now how do you make it stick? Number one. Write it down. You can use a spreadsheet, an app, or good old pencil and paper, but no general ever won a war by keeping all their strategy up here. Number two. Update it. Conditions on the ground will change, so restrategize at the beginning of every month--and you’ll have new soldiers to deploy in next month’s battles. Number three. Use advanced technology. Thanks to the dozens of budgeting apps you can download for your phone, no one has to keep a checkbook longhand anymore. This can be especially helpful for discretionary spending: now you can know right away whether you can afford that Weird Al album on vinyl. So how you do know you’re budgeting correctly? Well, the most obvious answer is that you’re less stressed. Imagine enjoying a dinner out without worrying about whether or not you can afford it. Imagine not holding your breath every time you check your account balance. You’d be amazed how much you can improve your mood just by introducing more clarity and control into your finances. Like a lot of good financial habits, the point of budgeting isn’t to have more money… it’s to be happier with the money you have. And that’s our two cents! We want to tell you about the new PBS Digital Studios series: Say It Loud. A celebration of Black History and culture and it's impact on how we live today. Hosts Evelyn From The Internets and Azie Dungey, give you a comedic take on identity and pop culture. From Black pride movements to Black Twitter shenanigans Check out "Say It Loud" in the link in the description below.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GregorMillan [77 likes]: We paid off our last credit card on New Year's Eve, so we're going into 2026 credit card free! This year we plan to pay off our truck, which is our last debt (other than our mortgage), and then we are never going back!!!
  2. @TveshA.S [3 likes]: Love the analogy of money being soldiers and a budget being the battle plan, it really makes the idea of tracking expenses feel empowering rather than restrictive
  3. @jkouiordtyrty [1 likes]: My jaw dropped at how well you explained this!
  4. @shootybooty2967 [1 likes]: Been keeping track of my finances like this for 6 years now after watching this video. So helpful! I have my soldiers working for me
  5. @BeverlyVasquez-h8o: Do Investing basics next. Please.
  6. @PhilnikaRobinson-e8e: This was great knowledge for me
  7. @antoniom-c7j: I’m seriously motivated after watching this!
  8. @PhongNguyễnNgọc-p4v: This video is absolutely incredible, so impressed!
  9. @PhongNguyễnNgọc-p4v: Absolute perfection, what a tutorial!
  10. @shirleycarter8241: Thank you
  11. @สมจิตรชํานิเหลือง-ถ3ท: Truly exceptional explanation!
  12. @itsinayatech: I love the analogy of seeing every dollar as a soldier in an army, it makes the idea of giving every cent a job so much more empowering
  13. @Adehle_Music_Hip-Hop-Beats: Good for a start but in my plan I put all possible costs in next 6 month a head. Could I cut them early it make the room earlier in year if I work for myself.
For 2 years this was around october
Last year it would be September but a moving had cut it down.
This year it was in April and for next one big block with mobile data's is 500GB for 150 and the last is in May 80 for family account nso which i share at work with 7 colleagues so that everyone else give me each 10 so that I had paid 10. Those are all additives next year. Expected costs are for 1 or 2 games with 140 total and all in all that's it. Rent 325 is unchanged meanwhile my colleagues have to get more I don't need it with 12.75 - 13.25 salaries per year but for me it can't be better atm. Ticket for public transport is 19 per month and I can travel through the whole country and in a few cities outside. For activities I have bought a collection A collector card with 200 events half include half for half price. Cost until 31.12 60 at 01.01. 70 even than the value of saving if you use everything is around 2k yeah you spend even than 1k but you have every week something else like sky fling, climbing, golf, etc etc. It's crazy how people complain but don't know how to cut costs better that's why I want to  be part as job council to help my colleagues that they can cut their costs down.
  14. @ShohylShohyl-n2y: I’m shocked at how good this video is!
  15. @TheLuminousCleric: If you don't budget, if you don't plan, you just fail...
  16. @alijannatpour9206: Thanks for the video!
  17. @SousleManteaudeMarieMS: Finally, a video that's gonna help me go from ramen noodles to... slightly fancier ramen noodles. 😂 Thanks for the tips!
  18. @AuroraLily-l7h: I’m 40 and I’ve never really budgeted beyond just paying bills and saving a bit here and there. This video made me realize I’ve been letting my money wander without a plan. I’m going to start treating every dollar like a soldier with a job — might be the discipline I’ve been missing all these years.
  19. @fastbreakculture777: now that were in the world where technology keeps evolving, im maximizing it by using ai to budget for me, im too lazy to do the budgeting manually 

++ ai budgeting saves time
  20. @mukeshhotchandani4570: Budgeting 🎉 is must

- Practical GUIDE for BUDGETING - The Most Important Financial Habit! | Ankur Warikoo Hindi: Kind: captions Language: en This video is going to be the most important video of this channel because in this video we will talk about the thing which is needed for every personal finance journey but very few people are able to start with this thing. That thing which if you do not do, you will never be able to become rich. No matter how much money you invest, how much you earn, how much your expenses reduce , taking this one step is mandatory. And many people falter at this very step. A volunteer was needed to make this video. The volunteer who is ready to open his bank account so that bye bye we can see in which direction he has gone and why he has gone and we chose this volunteer S Shaurya Shikhar who has been working with me since 2020 for almost 4 now 5 years it will be in November and he has grown remarkably in the last four to five years but in 2020 2021 Shaurya was like this young professional fresh out of college who has just started earning money. I don't understand how to handle that money. What is going , how much is going, why is it going, etc. And he duly agreed that he would download his October 2021 bank statement and we would sit with him and make this video. There are three things we'll cover in this video. You also have to do these three things to start your personal finance journey. Investments come much later. Growth comes much later. Compounding comes much later. This step comes before budgeting. Step One: Where is your money going? Step Two: Where should your money go? And step three, is your current spending what it should be according to your income or not? Play excels at covering all three of these things. So this is Shaura 's bank statement of October 2021, all the misdeeds, all the sins, everything is inside it. Each one is a line item. Whatever happens, like some deposit here, our internship stipend of ₹10,000 has arrived. Then somewhere some payment of Rs 4000 93460 has been made. Then some more revenue is coming from somewhere etc. So everything is all the way right, your first step is to track this sheet every month or ideally every day. Yesterday I met a guest on Money Matters named Adarsh. They don't even know where their money is going. There is no idea. Yes, this much must have gone into it. This much must have gone into it. Rounding off is happening in the range of 500 and 1000. And I can assure you that I told this to him also. You don't even know how much money is going into your UPI for small things, that you enter that four digit code and somewhere ₹19, somewhere ₹17, somewhere ₹160 will keep going, and it makes no sense. You have to get a grip on your money my friend. And this is the only way to do it. So first of all I told Shaurya that brother, look at this entire bank statement and it is quite old but it will be necessary to remember it and divide it into two parts, one is your income and if you have a salaried job then there will be only one income. If you are a freelancer then you can have multiple income. If you are doing something on the side then you will have one or two more incomes etc. And other your expenses. And you have to categorize each line item. The categories can be chosen by you. They can be specific personal to you. But those broad categories are roughly the same for everyone, as to how much the rent is? How much did the utilities cost ? How much did you spend on grocery food ? How much did you spend on miscellaneous activities or entertainment? How much did you spend on personal expenses ? How much did you spend on clothing? You will also see how much is being spent on cigarettes, alcohol and other such things which you consume regularly. So on and so for so that's what he did as well. So this is Shaura's income statement and today we have exposed Shaura's entire business. So ₹100 came from life like This is our company. Then in the same month, this happened that the quarterly bonus came which we distribute through profit sharing. So that ₹1 lakh came somewhere. And some more money came from other clients. Right? ₹4 here Google Pay earn for using Google Pay transfer, this ₹4 also became income and so on and so on. So this is all your income. And the total income at that point was around ₹1,96,000, right? So it's one of the better months in a year. Of course this is not a regular income because that bonus of ₹1 lakh is a one-time one. One Time in the Sense is quarterly so it doesn't come every month and so on. But the rest is getting a regular income. The harder part is the expenses part. So come there and you will start seeing what is going on. So some credit card repayments were made somewhere. I'm done with cigarettes. Grocery and food is done. This Most Likely Wallet had to be uploaded with ₹5000 on Swig. Yes, cigarettes have come again for ₹330, I don't know how many you are smoking. Grocery food worth ₹175 has arrived. Have you bought a game? Then there are expenses on travel. This is spent on Uber. So the cab arrived. Alcohol worth ₹1300 was sold. 849 grocery done. The rent he is paying is ₹25,000. ₹36 Cigarettes 2000 Something or the other is going on. And you will see everything. And here is what I want you to notice. Right, like at the end of course, this criticism is not a way to tarnish the moral character of Shaurya. But you will see how frequently small amounts of cigarettes are coming. Right? So I think at some point of time he told me that he would move to like that he would not buy the dabba because they get finished very quickly. Whenever I feel like smoking, I will actually go and buy that one cigarette or something. So why did we start getting discounts of ₹19, ₹19, ₹36, ₹18, 18, I don't know why ? 18 18 So how regularly is it coming. And when you are spending ₹18 through UPI, it does not hit that much because it is still ₹18. But now we will come together and see what has happened. And then I travel somewhere, buy a ticket for a make trip, etc. So you have registered all these things. This is the same exercise friend which you will also have to do. You can't escape from this. Unless you get into this level of detailing, you will never be able to hook your money. I still do this every month for my business. Through who is our finance intern. She and I sit together and every penny moved in or moved out is accounted for. Every single level of money because that's the only way you have a grip over your money over your accounts. Now after doing this, you will create a pivot table. So this is your pivot table. And in the pivot table you will see that Shaurya earned a good amount of money that month. Used it very well too. Invested ₹75,000. It's very nice. So about 40% of the income was invested. Total amount for rent is Rs 31443, which is around 17%, a lot of expenditure was incurred on travel that month, so Rs 27000 on grocery, you see, Rs 2500 were spent on cigarettes, that does not seem like Rs 18, it is only Rs 18, Rs 200 went just on that, you miscellaneous clothing, cash withdrawal, all this etc. etc. so you have a total expense and you have your share of expense. This is your first step. First step of budgeting. Where is your money going? Where is your money going? Now these categories are personal for Shaurya. Your categories may be different. And we will talk about salary of ₹25,000, salary of ₹00, salary of ₹1 lakh. What broad categories can there be? And then we'll see how you can use it. Now the question arises whether Shaurya did the right thing or not? So the next step of budgeting is what is an ideal budget. Where should your money go based on your income ? You have just determined where it is going. Where to go is also a very important factor. And for that we go to what is called Recommended Spends. Let's go. So these are the rough recommended spends. This is for around ₹180, which means if your monthly salary is ₹2 lakh, then for that we will now look further at what will be the approximate recommendation for ₹25,000, ₹0000 and ₹1 lakh also. My recommendation is at that high salary because ₹2 lakh is not less than a month. You should ideally be investing about 30% in your future. Invest this in mutual funds. I have made many videos on how to do it. As I said, that's the next step. The first step is to understand where your money is going. Then around 25% rent, 15% groceries food, 10% credit cards whatever you rotate. 5% Travel, 3% Clothing, 3% Cash Withdrawal, 4% Miscellaneous, 2% Alcohol. Of course, he has made this for himself. And accordingly, your recommended spend comes at an individual category level. Now, whatever categories you choose for your life, for your money , a similar budget will be made for that too. And then the third thing is are you using your money properly or not? Which essentially means that we combine both of these things. We will try and combine your actual spends and your recommended spends. To see how well you are actually spending. So if you just look at what Shaurya discovered and this by the way he did not know till date. Found out today. Of course he tracks his money well but he came to know about the story of October 2021 today. Spend more in investment than he could have and should have. So 30% is ideal. But she is 40 years older than him. Which is a good place to be. Almost everywhere he spent less than what he could have and that is also not always a smart thing. Why? Because many times people feel that they have not enjoyed their entire life. I didn't live life to the fullest. Just keep saving money, keep saving , keep investing , keep investing. And at some point, I felt that at 35, at 40, my youth is gone. Could not enjoy life. And that is also a life of regret. You don't want to do that. When you can live your life well and also invest well. So why not? Why should we invest and save all our money so that we are sitting on crores at the age of 60. But at that time there are neither teeth, nor health, nor back, nor brain. It's not a smart way of living life. What is also not smart? Spend all this money today. Because you live only once in life, you are living only today. What is smart is to balance the end it can easily be done. The figure is that in some places he was spending more. So, the amount of cash withdrawn in clothing is spent slightly more than he should have and almost less everywhere. Not surprisingly, I ended up spending more on cigarettes. We have seized Mr. Shaurya's cigarette. I have no idea what the current status is. These are the three steps. Where is your money actually going ? Where should one go? And what is the current reality of your budget? Now Let's Look At This For ₹25,000 50000 And ₹1 Lakh. Let's start with the first 1 lakh. Recommended Spends 25% of Rs 1 lakh should be your investment. 20% Rent 10% Money Sent Home This may be of course a choice because it is not necessary to send money home every time 9% Groceries Food Pay 7% Your EMI Credit Repayment 5% Travel Commute 3% Electricity & Water Expenses 5% Entertainment 3% Insurance 2% Cash Withdrawal 3% Health Care 3% Clothing 2% Subscription 3% % Miscellaneous. Now you will enter your actuals and when you enter your actuals then you will know whether you are under the budget or not. So suppose you are earning ₹1 lakh. You invested ₹25,000. It's very nice. You will rent a one-room house in Indira Nagar for ₹3,000. What is happening now? You are out of birth. Because technically you should spend ₹00 in this earning. But you are 35. Now what is going to happen because of that is somewhere you will have to make cuts. Because you are spending 35 here. And unfortunately, instead of cutting down on all these things, we cut down on this. Which is investment? So here I have put it and given children. But what happens? You bear all the expenses. Then if something is left, we invest it. Which is the mindset of poverty. The mindset of rich people is that as soon as money comes, the first thing I will do is invest it. Then I will manage the month with whatever is left. But it may not always be possible. Because if you know that ₹35,000 is only the monthly rent. Then after that you know that you spend ₹10,000 on groceries. You know that you have to send ₹15,000 home. You know that as soon as you got a job, you bought a car worth ₹1 lakh and you still have to pay a rent of ₹15,000. Now you cannot say no to all these things. So what will happen? Then it will not be 25-25 because it has already become 1 lakh. So you will hit delete and you will say no brother, other things have to be done. My petrol expenses are ₹3000. The utility bill comes to ₹1000. We have to have an entertainment party. I had taken insurance of ₹4000 in it because Ankurik had said that ₹3000 were going into it. ₹5000 have to be paid because maids etc. are taken in cash. I have taken health insurance of ₹1500. ₹3000 are spent on clothes because they have to be shown to friends. Netflix, YouTube, all these are subscriptions. And I don't know, ₹3000 gets spent here and there. This will be your reality. ₹1 lakh added. What is left for investment ? Hour game over. game ower. As against if you actually got that ₹1 lakh job and you like dude no ₹25,000 I have to invest every month. And if you want to earn Rs 1.25 then I am not earning. So What Do I Need to Save Money On? What can I save money on? And you will start making those choices that you may not be able to afford. Even if you give, you will have to share it so that if 17.5 people sit or you have to stay alone then you will be able to give a maximum of Rs 20200. And maybe we will have to change some location. This Is How You Start Thinking About Money. Let's look at 50,000 15% investment 25% rent because you will have to pay some minimum rent, this 25% only comes to 12500 and with that much you can only get a room in a tier one city 12% grocery 10% sending home 8% EMI 5% travel etc. etc. So you will have your budget for 500000 you will enter your actual amount and from that you will know whether you are in the budget or not let's see 25. 25 Becomes Really Hard. 8% You will have to invest at least ₹2000 every month. 28% will be going on rent. ₹7000 is difficult. There will be a shared room but I will have to live in it because the salary is not that much. 16% grocery food, 10% house sale, 10% EMI, 6% travel commute, all these things. And that does mean that as we go down, we'll have to cut down so we ca n't take a lot of subscriptions. You can't spend a lot of money on clothes. There ca n't be too many things in entertainment. And that is the compromise you will have to make until you increase your income and get to a point where you reach 500 and all of these amounts grow. But you will enter your actual amount in it after analyzing your bank account and accounting for every penny and after that you will know whether you are under or over budget. If you do not adopt this basic discipline in your life, you will always struggle to manage money. Always having a budget is a reflection of discipline. It is not about being stingy. It is not about me being stingy. I ca n't spend money here comfortably. I can't spend comfortably from there. It is about understanding. According to your income. How many wings can you spread in what things? How high can you fly? And it is possible that in some places you cannot take that flight. Somewhere you cannot fly high. You have to contain yourself for the time being. But if you slowly start investing wisely, you will get to a point where you will have a lot more money, a lot more freedom and a lot more decision-making ability. So that you can choose how you want to live your life. I hope this was useful and I hope that you take this first step today through downloading your bank statement and thanking Shaurya and Ankur for teaching you. What to do? May October 2021 be the beginning for all of you. Signing off to This Is A Thursday. My fourth book on career is written in a very simple, very relatable, very practical way. I wish someone had given me this book when I was 24 years old and completely confused about what to do about my career. What direction should I take in my life? I have written this book for that same 24 year old Ankur. It is written for you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @warikoo [35 likes]: My new book Build An Epic Career is out now! Discover 15 career tools, avoid common mistakes, and build the mindset for career success. Grab your copy here: https://amzn.to/4hdcQG2

If you wish to be part of the Money Matters series, please fill up this form: https://forms.gle/G3wwgpVjctRneyQv6

This video comes with an Excel sheet, check here: https://bit.ly/BudgetingExcel

My Money Apps:
Indian Stock Investing (Zerodha): https://bit.ly/3iYKROh
Mutual Fund Investing (Coin by Zerodha) (You will need to create a Zerodha account for it first. Coin is free): https://bit.ly/3iYKROh
US Stock Investing + Investment Tracking (INDMoney): https://bit.ly/3tT5moR
How to pick the right insurance (Ditto): https://bit.ly/3xFh7OU

The above links are for products that I personally use for my own investing. If you create an account on any of these using the above links, I stand to make a referral income from it. 100% of this income is contributed towards the education of kids who cannot afford it. In 2021 we contributed 38L, in 2022 we contributed 53L, in 2023 we contributed 56L and in 2024 we contributed 43L. DO NOT assume that these are the best products in the industry. Please do your research and let me know if you have any questions.

My bestselling books:
'Make EPIC Money' here: https://amzn.to/3WHJ43F
‘Get EPIC Shit Done’: https://amzn.to/4fK1IR5
‘Do Epic Shit’: https://amzn.to/4fK9uuv
 
My gear for shooting this video: 
🎥 Sony a7III camera: https://amzn.to/3GtfwCJ
🎬 Sony FE 24-70 f2.8 Lens: https://amzn.to/4klYm82
📹 Sony E Mount FE 24-50mm F2.8: https://amzn.to/3I6LfKy 
 🎙  Shure SM7B Microphone: https://amzn.to/3Tk5Ygk
🔆 Godox Fill Light 60W: https://amzn.to/4exQvmL
💡 Godox Key Light 150W: https://amzn.to/3TQau6p
 📽  Benro IT15 Tripod for Sony a7III camera: https://amzn.to/4km4ZXP

The above links are on Amazon. If you buy any of these using the above links, I stand to make affiliate income from it. 100% of this income is contributed towards the education of kids who cannot afford it. In 2021 we contributed 38L, in 2022 we contributed 53L, in 2023 we contributed 56L and in 2024 we contributed 43L. DO NOT assume that these are the best products in the industry. Please do your research and let me know if you have any questions.
  2. @aimo528 [1 likes]: I have 26k salary and I first invest in sip 4500 every month and after that I send 8k home or 7k for pg and rest are my monthly expenses 😂😂.I know it's bad planning but don't have other option.😢
  3. @prateek5649: Thankyou ❤
  4. @kitborlangkharmawphlang9810: At first my salary is 10k and i feel good,and now my salary is 70 k  but still feel the same,and i wonder why. Still live the same life.
  5. @mahaveergurav2450: Till Today My sallary is 14000Rs, My personal expense is only 2100Rs, than I decided and Start SIP for for 9000Rs per month 🎉
  6. @sunirmalbasu5931: Wonderful ,amazing
  7. @snehaSaysItAll: I too have got my first salary after a switch, need to plan it accordingly thjs time
  8. @Jozy-f2z: Summary 
1) Audit your money 
2) Income and expenses with categories 
3) Pivot table 
4) Recommended spend 
6) Combine the pivot and Recommended 
Budget status
  9. @jaisharma253: where can i get a template for this excel
  10. @amarnathakasapu5942: Watching this video ... made me to open my EYES ... 🙏🙏🙏
  11. @PRIYANSHUJOSHI-f6p: Thanku shaurya and Ankur
  12. @narasimhaniyer1103: What about Donations Ankur Ji? What’s your view on Income-Donations-Investments = Expenses? Btw huge respect to your hardwork on teaching us so many important things❤
  13. @UtsavRaj-wn5bz: If half of my income goes toward loan EMIs, how should I manage my budgeting in that case?
Also, should I track my spending daily, or review it at the end of the month and then try to improve it for the next month?
  14. @sankalpgoswami8610: I have recently started watching your content, and today (31/10/2025), I came across this video. Undoubtedly, this is a strenuous task, but I have done it today (made an Excel sheet). After reviewing my previous month's bank statement (October 2025), the result of the analysis was like a bolt from the blue. I have been somewhat careless and uninformed about my own expenses. Watching this video significantly enhanced my understanding of my own finances. I will start tracking my daily expenses from 1st November 2025 without fail. It's never too late to be mend!  You have boosted my enthusiasm, showing that people like me can also achieve it.  Thank you, Ankur sir, for sharing this knowledge and helping people like us become better financial planners. I also need some valuable guidance on how to achieve debt freedom without taking on additional loans. Could you please guide me in this matter too?
  15. @raghavvijayakumar5126: Hi sir. This is Raghav from Chennai. Currently l live in a rental house and l have invested in a property and property handover would take 3 years. How does the equation change if someone wants to achieve below three things 
1)Home loan part payment
2) Funds for Registration, stamp duty, interior and furniture.
3) Another part is aspirational like buying a car too. 
Can you simulate this scenario and help build a proper framework to achieve this?
  16. @p217217: Ankur Ji , 
Please share a link for personal finance needs , regards
  17. @shrutibhavigadda470: I am a 22 yr old who just started a job few months ago and I have been using this budgeting template regularly. It really puts things in perspective as to how my salary is being used by me monthly. And I was surprised by my spending habits. Really helpful, hope to keep this habit and improve my financial journey going forward
  18. @TheSud1988: I think you missed a point that who ever you are from small income group or medium income group world will be the same for you better to set a goal how much money you need to have after a certain age rather than investing a certain percentage of your income say for a person income 50k not necessarily 30 percent of that needed to be invested if you need 5 crore after 60 you may have to invest more that is it is your future requirements that should decide your spending and investing
  19. @MrsMamta-e6o: Ye calculation krne ka koi app h kya sir?
Or invest kahan kre?
  20. @arjunsemwal02: Thanks Mr Warikoo for sharing this great tutorial, really helped ❤😊🙏

- BBP REAL LIFE BUDGET | Budgeting When You Don't Make Enough: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the budget mom youtube channel i'm kamiko love from thebudgetmom.com today we are doing a real life budget for jillian [Music] now this is the first real life budget i've done like this and i'm going to say it right now side note um there's going to be a little bit tough love with this one here and i really struggled on whether or not i wanted to share or show this budget this is all about budgeting when you don't make enough and so let me go into a little bit of jillian's history so she lives in grand rapids michigan with her husband she has a full-time job and a part-time job she currently is a billing and administrative lead at a trucking company and then she drives the airport shuttle on the side for shuttle service so they share and combine finances but recently jillian's husband lost his job and he lost his job a couple weeks ago from the time that she sent her this information she he hasn't had any income for weeks so he did apply for working at usps but he applied for that job on september 8th and they have yet to bring him on and actually give him income so it's almost been almost 2 months since he applied for that and he's still not making any income they still have not brought him on so he got a side job working with his wife doing the airport shuttle service that he makes one to two hundred dollars every week now when i first got jillian's information when i started working out the numbers it was very apparent right away we were in the red and we were in the red by a significant amount so what do you do any single time there has been a loss of income when it comes to your budget whether a spouse loses a job maybe you have lost a job so today it's going to be a little bit different for a real life budget i want to show the process of what it looks like to get down to a bare bones budget using the information jillian gave me so it's going to be different from showing just the budget calendar and the paycheck budget tracker we're going to be looking at the bare bones budget and the process that i went through and where we ended up after we cut her expenses so the first step in the budget by paycheck process is figuring out your why your motivation the reason behind you being on your financial journey and wanting to become better with your finances now jillian's is all about building her dream home becoming debt free and starting a family now a little on her back story so her and her husband bought their first home it's a mobile home inside of a mobile home park in 2018 she says it was a nightmare so they didn't have the five thousand dollar down payment so her parents gifted the five thousand dollars to them for their wedding now they couldn't get approved anywhere else because they both had really bad credit but they desperately wanted to get out of her parents basement so we took the first and only place that we were offered they didn't understand anything about mortgages or how they work so we just signed without really doing our homework now fast forward to today a couple months and we realize that we are pairing paying nearly 13 interest because our credit is so bad their house journey has been an emotionally and financially exhausting so we are so ready to put this life behind us and be able to build our dream home get out of debt and start a family so that's a little bit of their back story now when we look at their income this is jillian's income she has she gets paid weekly 500 a week from her full-time job and she makes anywhere between 80 to 200 with her side job driving the airport shuttle service so you can see here these are her paydays these are her pay amounts so what i did is after looking at her income now keep in mind remember her husband did pick up a part-time job with her he makes anywhere between one to two hundred dollars a week that is not on this but i want to mention it this is their bills now i'll explain the pink here in a minute their bills are a little bit weird some of them because some of them they're paying every friday so so they have and also their rent and housing situation is a little bit weird because they have a lot rent the lot that which their mobile home sits on is 550 and then they're paying mortgage on their actual mobile home which is 636. so they're paying over a thousand dollars for their housing they have spotify netflix hulu disney plus discovery plus they have their car insurance comcast amazon subscribe and save now her phone bill is paid by her mom which she then pays her mom back every friday for her phone bill and then a car repair bill that her mom paid for they have apple they have a puppy care plan now i wasn't quite sure this headstone for father-in-law i'm they're paying 100 a month for that i'm not quite sure what type of plan that is or if they have something set up with their family or what consumer energy is your utilities no you see two consumer energies one is paid weekly because they're past due on their utility bill they're currently paying 86 dollars a week for past due payments on top of the 226 every month for their current payment for their utilities their puppy has pills he has to take which is a hundred dollars a month and then they have xbox live this is their variable expenses they're doing groceries gas dog food clothes gas food nails scentsy oil changes and eyelash extensions for her now she did put a note these are not all necessary every single month for example we have not bought scentsy in about a month but i put it on here because it's something we like buying so she did put a note that this is the scentsy and some of the things aren't every month but she did put it in her budget because she hopefully one day wants to be able to spend on those things now let's look at their debt their debt is what worries me the most um so they're paying remember she talked about both of her and her husband's credit scores being very very low bad credit scores so they took out a car loan a 2012 chevy traverse about 9 300 is what they owe at about 23 interest now if it were me i would sell the car i'd get rid of it because their minimum payments only covering interest they're currently not making any headway on paying off the car itself they do have a toyota 4runner um it's 2500 00 interest i think this might have to do with the car repair i don't think this is for the car itself but i'm not 100 sure on that they have a credit card a loan and two more credit cards that they are working on the next debt that is a little bit uh worrying is the 4300 at 21 interest i would see about selling the chevy if not and in the meantime i would work on priority number one would be the chevy traverse the mcu loan at 21 interest would be my second priority i would then work on this mcu credit card at 13 interest or excuse me the credit one credit card 15 interest than the mcu credit card and the visa credit card i like to pay off my debt and priority of the interest rate highest interest rate i pay off first because it's going to save you the most money in the long run on the life of your debt some people like to pay off using the snowball method which is paying off the smallest balance first which would then be the one thousand dollar credit cards one of the debts that is not in this is their mortgage they do remember they bought that mobile home and their mortgage isn't on here we're not quite sure what they own that i just know it's a high interest rate as well they do have some savings goals it looks like their dog needs acl surgery a house down payment and an emergency fund currently they have nothing saved for these goals now what i want to talk about very quickly the first thing that i do when i get a community member's information is i take their income minus their expenses so when i looked at their income which is right here so i took the two about the two thousand dollars a month so for instance i looked at november november is what i looked at so i took the one two three four she gets paid four times in the month of november that's two thousand dollars she gets paid one two three four another four hundred dollars in the month november for her side job so that's twenty four hundred dollars then i added in the hundred dollars a that her husband gets for his side job so that's twenty eight hundred dollars of income now when i subtracted it from her fixed expenses and her variable spending we were immediately in the red so here's what i did i use what's called a bare bones budget worksheet to start cutting and minimizing my spending because one of the things you have to ask yourself is when you're in the red with your budget is it an income problem or is it a spending problem and one of the ways that you can tell is by simply going through your spending cutting out any unnecessary is spending are you still in the red if you're in the green and have what you need and want for your financial goals then it's a spending problem but if you literally get yourself to a bare bones budget like this and you are still drastically in the red it is an income issue at that point because that means no matter what you do with your expenses and your spending you're still coming up short when it comes to your income like i said i use the bare bones budget worksheet we're talking about november so what i did is i wrote down all of her fixed expenses and that includes all of her minimum debt payments as well so these minimum debt payments here because don't forget you want to keep up on your debt payments each especially the minimum payments so when i did that all her bills equal three four six six and do you remember how i told you they only make twenty eight hundred dollars a month so i said okay let's cut out and get jillian down to a bare bones budget and see where we're at and how how close we are to matching our income to expenses so everything in orange is what we're going to keep because you have three decisions you can make with your spending and your expenses you can keep cut or lower so if it's an orange i kept the expense if it's in pink i cut it out completely and if it's in blue i know that they can probably lower that bill so the things i decided to cut from jillian's and you can see i was able to cut a lot we cut out netflix hulu disney plus apple spotify xbox live amazon subscribe and save i even cut out her monthly amount that she was paying for a puppy care plan discovery plus and then temporarily cutting out the hundred dollars a month or spending on her father-in-law's headstone now because i don't know exactly what that is for if there is a contract if they are working on some type of um plan with that or or if it's just among the family but it would be my suggestion if they can to only temporarily cut this expense so they can save themselves 100 a month even cutting out oh and then comcast is 165 a month for them going to comcast switching providers whatever need be to get that lowered even with cutting out all of that so i was able to cut out 256 dollars from their budget which gives me a new expense total of 30 to 10. now remember i said the least amount that they expect to make every month is 2800 so we're still [Applause] so i investigated further here's jillian's income here's her husband's income for the month of november 2800 her expenses when i cut everything that i could was 30 to 10. so if we take her income minus expenses were negative 410 however though that does not include the variable expenses they need to live gas food so when i went through her variable expenses i cut out everything in pink because when you get to a bare bones budget and you're looking at your spending you don't want to just cut and get to a bare bones budget on your fixed expenses you also want to look at your variable spending remember a bare bones budget is all about paying only what you need to survive your necessities it's a temporary budget it's what you use in the time of an emergency or a need when you have loss of income when you lose a job whatever it may be so we're cutting out clothes and shoes eating out nails scentsy now they're currently doing 50 to 60 a month for oil changes i don't know about you but i only get oil changes on my car once every three months so they should if they truly have been saving or spending whatever they're doing with the 50 to 60 every single month maybe that's a car maintenance type of thing but we need to cut it out temporarily and then her eyelash extension fills that she's paying 70 to 90 a month for we need to cut that out remember bare bones budget is only our necessities so we're left with groceries gas dog food and then gas for their stove bare bones even with cutting down their which equals 730 we're negative 1140 dollars so let's talk about how to move forward knowing this information okay so after looking at the bare bones and working through each one of the expenses and spending and deciding cut keep or lower and we got down to what our number is it's negative four uh negative 11 40. we know this is an income issue right now i know that her husband got hired with usps on september 8th but it's been two months and they still have not brought him in i'd be calling them every single day and after three weeks two weeks i would have went out and found another position that i could apply for we know this is an income problem now jillian has a full-time job and she also is working the side job so it'd be my recommendation that her husband looks for additional income what does that look like that could be applying at fast food restaurant for a full-time position that could be driving for uber or uber eats i know ryan's boyfriend did that for a short while and they were able to make some some decent money with that that means selling what you can around your home that you're no longer using that could be using other skill sets and maybe doing things on the side as your own employer there has to be some income brought in here and it goes beyond just sitting back and waiting for usps to bring him in right and like i mentioned side note this is tough love but you have to do what you have to do when you are in the red you cut down everything that you can and once you know it's an income problem you need to stop looking for options and opportunities in your life to bring in more income yes you are capable of making more you are capable of finding a side job or making more income you just have to be willing to put in that work to do so and first thing i would immediate apply for ubereats or some type of delivery service like that because who knows at this point if usps is even going to bring him in and if they bring him in guaranteed it's probably for seasonal work here's another opportunity right now i know that everyone is short on workers everyone is looking for workers right now it seems like every industry every place out there is short on workers i know amazon is currently offering a three thousand dollar sign on bonus for applying and getting higher to amazon so that could be an option that three thousand dollars could probably really help them get caught up on some of these bills especially maybe that past due utility bill that they owe so looking at opportunities like that instead of sitting back and waiting for usps to hand you that position in that income it's being intentional and it's about taking you personally taking that step to do what you have to do to cover your living expenses especially when we're talking about just a bare bones budget you have to take that incentive for yourself nothing's going to be handed or given so if it were me after two weeks of usps not bringing me on and me calling them every day i would have went out and got found some additional ways to make some extra income whether that's ubereats and driving for half the day or whatever that may be because even an additional 400 800 a month could help here we're at the point where any amount could help it means the difference between not paying a necessity bill and paying a necessity bill now currently their food budget i think is that is a we looked at is about 400 a month i mean yeah 400 to 500 a month you can cut that down even lower this is in the time where hey they're i'm not gonna lie there was times when i i had to do this myself there is no shame in this first let me say that right now there's no guilt and shame in being in this position it's temporary you work through it and you come out on top but you got to do the take the incentive and put in the work so i want to say that right now there's no shame in being in this position however with that being said i was in just six years ago i had to make the decision to either put food on the table for me and my kid or pay my utility bill and keep my lights on and sometimes i had to choose and i'm not gonna lie there are a lot of days where i was so thankful that his school offered free lunches that was a blessing for me what does this look like going forward how do you budget something like this when you're so such in the negative with such a high negative amount you pay your priorities so it's taking looking at those priority necessity bills that i kept and paying the priorities out of those okay you focus on your major priorities your four walls keeping the lights on heat in your home having a place to live keeping a roof over your head now their transportation can be altered a little bit right they could choose to sell a car if they wanted to now i don't know how upside down they are on that car loan but that's over nine thousand dollars but it needs to be an option that we look at they discuss as a married as a married couple does it mean taking public transportation saving on gas that category could be altered a little bit you pay what you can when you get your paychecks you take care of your four walls the things that you absolutely need to live and you go from there and hopefully the husband is able to bring in a little bit more of sight income and the only reason i say husband is because jillian already has the full-time job and the part-time job i don't know how many more hours in her day that she could take to work another job or find another job it's where you come together and you work as a team and you take the incentive to put in the work and to put your foot forward and finding an additional additional income because you know now that this is an income issue so anytime you are working with a job loss or a loss of income don't don't feel shame around your position you do the work you get yourself down to a bare bones budget is it a spending issue or is it an income issue and you go from there but once you know whether it's one of those two things you're able to take the appropriate action to benefit you the most when it comes to your money now mine was an income issue i got myself down to a bare bone budget what did i do i took my love of photography and i turned it into a side job i shot real estate photography on the side because at that time my son was only one and i had to carry him on my hip because i couldn't afford daycare during the i sold things that i no longer needed around my home i did what i needed to do and i was very blessed i knew someone in the real estate industry who he was a realtor that took his his chances on me i had no no idea about real estate photography but it turned out my my house pictures turned out okay and it worked out and i did that for three months until the budget mom happened in my life do you have a skill set that other people could utilize and pay you for so this is the real life budget i know this is something that we don't usually talk about but it's important it's important it's a hard conversation isn't it it's an uncomfortable conversation but one of the number one things that i wanted to mention is getting yourself down to a bare bones budget but also saying it's okay this is okay there's no shame around this so if you found this video helpful please like it and don't forget to subscribe figuring out your motivation your why toby you

  Top Comments:
  1. @jb0222: 2 months of trial for the husband for his usps job and he did not get let go? or hired on? 
one or 2 things has happened either he did get hired and saving that money personally keep it quiet or his got a side peace wink
who works for a job trial for 2 months does not get payed for and just ok with it or...... lot weirder things come mind when i hear that
  2. @karinag4865: What's the update on this couple. Did they split up? If he lived by himself, he would have to pay all of the bills on his own.
  3. @tommygunnnn1770: Her goals should be to simply survive. They don’t have enough income.
  4. @dianamiranda1374: Thank you so much for this video! We’ve definitely gone through seasons like this. I love how you remove the shame from the situation. Life happens sometimes and we just have to stretch, grow and keep moving!
  5. @decorumgun: Ol girl needs to kick that worthless husband to the curb
  6. @SweetSunrising: Lot rent's not weird at all. that's how a mobile home park business works - it's property rental business with sections or Lots that have a concrete platform to place your mobile home along with readily available sewer, water, and utilities hookups. If you want to relocate your single wide you can take your home with you if you want to pay a mobile home moving service. Most people just sell the house.
  7. @StormTrackerDave: Wow how did they get such low credit card interest rates? I have a score around 600 and my cards are around 35% interest
  8. @shugocharaikuto: Never understood people who have no money always have a butt ton of unnecessary subscriptions and luxuries. Like you owe your parents money and you are getting your nails done and have a bunch of streaming services???
  9. @meg659: I've always been terrible with money because no one taught me how to budget, or deal with credit. Granted I made plenty of my own mistakes but if my parents or school taught anything related to personal finances I'd be a bit better off. I just came across this video and it is SO helpful (I will look at your other videos as well). I find that writing down this information in a notebook also helps because not only can I look back on it as a reference, but it sticks in my head and also makes me feel a little more productive than if I had just watched it without taking notes.
  10. @ED80s: They should try to consolidate their credit card debt or at least call the credit card company and look into lowering the interest rate
  11. @divinelyguidedlioness: Some of her advice is horrible
  12. @MrsSullie22: I just lost my job on my first day back from maternity leave, so I really needed this video. Thank you so much for posting this. ❤️
  13. @candacemartinez1237: Can you do this for me, please lol
  14. @TomarAkter: This explained the topic so clearly I’m questioning reality.
  15. @01bhanaramfarmer2: My brain just filed this under "elite knowledge."
  16. @maryanndierdorf6792: Great info. I am a widow , paid monthly, $3700 income. I have medical issues. I make too much money to get any help 😢
  17. @helenperez6379: I would love for you to teach me how to do budget
  18. @AmontepNew-s2k: This was unbelievably satisfying to watch!
  19. @CarolFuller-ip9rv: This doesn't show mortgage or electricity costs
  20. @rachewilliams2243: Thank you for this video I needed this tough love for budgeting.

- Budgeting for Teens: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] budgeting allows you to track your spending and manage your money research shows that if teens have good financial habits when they grow up they will be financially responsible adults to get started you will want to identify some sources of income this money you receive from a job or your weekly or monthly allowance other sources would be birthday Christmas or graduation money from friends or relatives once you have figured out where you're getting your money it's time to write a list of things you spend your money on consistently if you aren't sure you can take a look at the detailed transactions in your bank account over the course of a month to get an idea examples would be gas insurance going out to eat movies entertainment school lunches clothing school supplies or rent or laundry if you're in college simply said the difference between the two is your savings consider saving some of the income as a safety net in case there are unexpected or emergency expenses consider donating a portion of your income or savings to charities if you have the ability to do so it's important to see where your money comes from and where you spend it try recording you to purchase for a month to get a picture of where your money is going this will help you budget when it comes to buying those nice-to-have items versus those need to have items this may also help keep your spending on track you can also ask your parents for help have them show you their budget what does their income get spent on what percent of their income do they save each month what percent of their income goes to charity a key component to budgeting believe it or not is saving saving can help you build toward wealth easy categories maybe monthly spending savings and donating accounts money that is saved can either be deposited into your savings account or invested or donated or used for a special fund night out easy rule of thought would be to spend 70% save 20% and donate 10% specifying percentage goals is a great way to stay on track with a budget you can create a budget in Excel or you could use a mobile app or website to help with the budgeting saving and tracking there are several on the internet that can help you with managing money getting out of debt tracking expenses or help with saving budgeting is a tool which if you can make a habit of will help you build towards wealth for your future

  Top Comments:
  1. @bige6759 [26 likes]: i had to watch this for educational reason
  2. @Mr-Mania [24 likes]: This tone is the same kind I'd expect to call me saying my entire family was murdered
  3. @imRareGod [22 likes]: Bro said donate 💀💀💀
  4. @MoneyMiner9 [6 likes]: 0:59 & 1:30 & 1:43 & 1:58 I would add a comment there about relating donation items with tax reductions… sounds like you’re just asking for people to donate because they have nothing better to spend it on when this is a video about budgeting, and budgeting would include budgeting for tax time
  5. @Historyteacheraz [3 likes]: Very helpful video. A Teenager’s Guide on how to Invest Like Warren Buffett and Charlie Munger is a great book for teen investors.
  6. @thestarwarsdude-l7d [2 likes]: i feel like at that point in life you should not be donating anything unless your miraculously rich. And btw donating counts as an expense.
  7. @gravity1872 [2 likes]: what is the jazz song name kinda fye 🔥
  8. @JustineQuilao-z6g [1 likes]: oke
  9. @Rebecca-zr3lu [1 likes]: God, thank you for helping teenagers to save and spend money correctly. Thank you for allowances and that parents and grandparents and families budget to include money for allowances. Please forgive parents and people who did not save up money for their kids throughout life. I pray that this is included in my budget and that I will be able to do this in Jesus name. Amen 🙏
  10. @Kat_Prins [1 likes]: they fr used power point presentation for 0:35 on the words
  11. @Kat_Prins [1 likes]: tony stark made appearance at 1:25
  12. @realtechblitz [1 likes]: Made on the same software as 'Caillou Gets Grounded' videos. Very informative!
  13. @LethoHali [1 likes]: Thank you so much!
  14. @WealthCodeTruths: This is what financial education should look like — direct and honest.
  15. @karajsandhu-j2h: My brain cells high-fived after this.
  16. @RofukShakk: This is exactly the kind of video I needed!
  17. @thebro117: Who else is stuck in class rn?
  18. @Leafyisepicallycool: I watched this in civics and came back to say the dude with the blue tie is zubin Sedghi
  19. @Matthew8473: Your work is awe-inspiring; akin to a novel that covered similar ground brilliantly. "Mastering Money Mindfulness" by Benjamin Hawk
  20. @RevoOnRev1337: don't use a credit card.

- My Computer is Everywhere - New House Office Setup: Kind: captions Language: en-US - I like the new house. It's got most of the things that I care about in it, but my first love isn't here yet. (Yvonne laughing amusingly) We haven't moved our computers, alright? The computer room is empty. So the goal today is to get both mine and Yvonne's computers moved over here, set up, and most importantly wired in. And it's gonna be a little bit tricky because unlike most peoples' computers, who sit right next to their monitor and their peripherals, ours are gonna sit somewhere in the depth of the basement and use fiber-optic cables to connect to our stations here in the office. It should go fine? You know who else is fine? Our sponsor! ViewSonic! Their Elite XG3-21 UG mini-LED monitor offers a 4K native IPS panel with 144Hz refresh rate, and G-Sync Ultimate R4, and a quantum dot color layer, so it's great for gamers and creators. Learn more at the link down below. (digital beeping curiously) (energetic electronic music) This is where my computer plugs in. I have no idea how that's gonna reach my computer, and I can't even reach it. Fortunately for today's endeavor, I do have a helper. - Hello! - Special guest appearance, Luke Lafreniere. I love your shirt, by the way. - Ah, we traded! (Luke laughing happily) - This is not the company I work for. - Where are they supposed to go, where's your computer? - Well, they're gonna have to go into the... Oh, my computer's not here, we're gonna have to move that. - Oh. - You thought I was prepared for this or what, like? (Luke laughing amusingly) Like the main problem isn't gonna be the computer, it's gonna be the- - Wait, wait, what's... I think this is mine. - What, this? - Yeah. - Well, for all the stuff employees have stolen from me over the years, I think I was entitled to- - You get one? (Luke laughing loudly) - You actually gave it to me. - Oh, did I? - You had two. The main problem is gonna be all the peripherals, and accessories, and microphones, and stuff like that. - You're just gonna start unplugging and I just grab stuff? - We didn't bring any bins. The problem with cable management is at some point, you have to unmanage it. - I wonder if you could make that better. - Oh, Luke teasing the new products. Yes, we'll be showing our new cable management product today, the early prototypes. I found a box. (equipment thudding loudly) Well, this is great. What is hanging off of me? Ugh, these cable ties, they're so sticky. Lttstore.com. - Do you wanna help me move the monitor? - Yeah, sure. - Do you wanna... Oh, okay. See it's like really expensive, so I was gonna be careful with it, but he just... (computer clicking diligently) - While Linus plays with his little PC, we're going to be solving important problems, like whether or not our van fits in here. Now I say "important," but my solution to this is really simple, let's just park the van over there. But, Linus is really insistent that it has to go on this side, so I guess it's important to him. We have these two steps here and I think the front of it might just cross it, so it might not work. But, we're going to clear the space and try to figure that out for him. - We already moved Yvonne's computer. (Linus grunting effortfully) I'm really, really looking forward to having proper access to all sides of my rack. - I'm excited for having access to all sides your rack too. - Thanks Luke, that's cute. This is really not my finest work! Just higher professional movers. They don't have to cost as much as the horrible quote we got. You should, you should... Yeah, this is not good. Don't overburden yourself there, Luke! - That was a lot! - It's a heavy load! - I'm just gonna make sure- - I'm really glad you're not overburdening yourself. - I'm just gonna make sure that you can... Yeah, there you go. Can I stack this on top? - No! - I think it's just the monitor and we're good. - Yeah sure, I'll do a sweep upstairs and make sure... Actually, I'm gonna pull this in. Whoo! Ow! - What a good driver. (Linus imitating beeping loudly) - Okay so, you wanna help guide me in? - Sure. You're not straight! - Oh, you're just finding this out now? Okay, Luke am I in? - No, you gotta go deeper. - [Linus] Okay. That's all I got. - [Luke] You gotta keep coming, you gotta push! - You gotta keep comin'. Okay, stop. Your bumper's over the stair. Well just barely, just barely. - Oh, wow. What about the back though? - You have a lot of room actually. - I mean, I don't know if I'd call it a lot of room. Okay, this is a high-risk maneuver. We're gonna close the garage and I'm gonna back up. It's a high risk maneuver! - [Luke] Think of the views, Linus, just drive right through the door. (Linus laughing amusingly) - [Yvonne] That's much better. - Just realized we forgot the rails for this thing. So I'm hauling it down here, but I can't even mount it. I do have Yvonne's rails here, so I can at least mount one of them for now. Okay, so you guide your side in, I guide my side in. Anytime. - Sorry, it's just really big. It's hard to- Just giver! - It's time to figure out if this reaches. Oh this is bad, this is not long enough. Wait, the green fiber only needs to go to the Icron dock. Where are the Icron docks? Yay! That's the source side, this is the client side. Here's what I'm kind of feeling, Luke. - What are you feelin'? - Without any desks, let's just see if all the in-floor and in-wall fiber optics actually work. - Okay, so we're going functionality first. - Let's go function first. - Sounds good. - Mark, come check this out. Remember the fiber optic and display port cables that I showed you down in the server room? Well this (Linus humming presentation music) is theoretically how it works! You just plug in and you're good to go! These little covers here, very, very important. They keep the (Linus grunting effortfully) fiber optic ends clean. 'Cause if they get dirty, it's a real chore to clean them. And then you just plug it like that! Easy! What do you think are the odds that it lights up? Hello, are you on or not? - [Luke] No dice? - Wait, what is this? Why would we put two extensions on it? Now, we're gonna plug in directly. I think this might be that end. - Oh goodness, I see it. Do you want me to grab it? - Hold on. (Linus grunting carefully) - Sorry. Nobody breathe, everybody don't breathe. Wait, what the hell? Okay, yes. - So it's going in here? - It's in here. Aw, balls! - So it's right here. - I was plugging completely the wrong cable in. Oh wait, yes, they're labeled. I have the other end of the cable you are holding. This is the rack end, which explains why that was so short because it was never intended to go in the rack. - I was actually wondering how I was supposed to plug in her fiber unit 'cause I didn't see any plugs on that side. There is the hole in the floor. - This is great news! It means that this goes to you, this plugs into Yvonne's fiber USB thing. That means this one next to it is almost certainly the one on my end. Wait no, not... Where was the one next to it? There was one bundled with that one. - I'm pretty sure that was it. - Yeah, okay! I'm feeling good. Wait, this doesn't help us with the display port. Do you wanna go check if there's a label on the DP cable sticking outta the wall? - 24! - Some of these aren't even labeled. - Yeah, but they have labels here. - This is 24, yeah. - Okay! - Alright, got it, got it, got it, got it! - Yay! Now, we need to know if it's actually gonna work through the wall plane thing. - [Luke] We're gonna be okay. - That goes there. (Luke cheering successfully) Yes. We're not outta the woods yet though. Just because it's working at 4K, 60Hz, doesn't mean that it has the signal integrity to work at 4K, 120Hz. Actually, it seems to be working at 120Hz right now. (Luke laughing happily) That's a very good sign. Minor detail, I haven't transported my desk to the new place and I didn't bring a drill here, so I guess I get to do this manually, taking the top off. - We're not gonna hit, I'm good? Whoa, would've hit that. - Look at this guy's showboating. As soon as the camera turns on, he's like, "Oh, I'll grab something heavy now." It should be noted, this is not the final form desktop for the new place. These are cable management speed holes that are from my previous setup. And that's not actually the full size that I'm gonna be putting there. But what I can do is I can set everything up the way that I think it will go, maybe put some like cardboard extensions, map out exactly where I want all the new holes. And then I can use it as a template for the real desk, put all the holes in, and then I'll be ready to go right outta the gate. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Stop. Luke's busy upstairs, so my plan is to solo install Yvonne's machine in the rack. You know, I had actually intended to upgrade her GPU, but I do not know where that graphics card is. It's the Titan RTX. Aw, crap. Now I need these out. Don't worry, I'm a professional. But, I have... Whoa! Solo installed these a few times. That happens once in a while. - I've never built one of these before, but it seems pretty straightforward, so not a big deal. (drill revving loudly) As I miss, very cool. - Luke, we don't need this cable management tray because I have the cable management thing I've been teasing all day. On the surface, these are perfectly normal cable management arches. But, what's special about them (Linus laughing impressively) is how strong they are. So, you'll be able to use all the different sizes to manage everything from gigantic bundles of wire like this down to individual wires. Boop! Here's an example of a perfect application for these. I put a cable tie on this and had it just hanging here. But what I could have done, since I know that this is temporary and I'm gonna do a better job of this later, is just gone like this. These are little steel plates, and these are gonna be really useful for our cable management stuff. The ones that we actually make are gonna have holes in them instead of just adhesive, but you'll be able to stick them onto anything. And then you'll be able to take all your tables or whatever and you'll be able to run them through there. (Linus humming diligently) And then, you'll take your little arch and boop, cable manage it down into place. There's gonna be one that's designed to hold down power bricks like this. Look, they gotta understand the products, they're gonna have to run this business for us someday. Then there's this one, which is designed for you to run a cable tie through it, like this. And then that one can hold as many things as you can fit in a cable tie. - You're good. - Wow, you're going... Okay sure, yes. Why not? He's taking shortcuts here, ladies and gentlemen. I used to have two staples in here holding this extra coil of wire. - [Luke] They look like suns. - No more, all about the magnets now. Hello? Okay. - Whoa. - Okay, flippin' awesome. Really not my finest work, but hey, it's all magnetic, so it's super easy to change, which is cool. But I saved the coolest part for last. Part of the point of having my machine in a central location like this, and then using fiber-optic cabling to get signals elsewhere in the house is that I can actually use it in different parts of the house. Is there an HDMI to there? Crap, I don't think there is. That's okay, we can cheat! Unfortunately, this one's only HDMI 2.0, so it'll do 4K, 60Hz. Still, that's perfectly fine for our demo. There's conduits so that I can run something HDMI 2.1 compliant over to the theater room, or to the LAN room, or wherever the case may be. Okay, AUX1. Please, just immediately work. What are the odds? My brain hurts. - [Mark] It'll work. - It didn't work, you lied to me. Second display is here. Extend, duplicate these displays. - [Yvonne] Do you guys need any help? - We are so good at this. Okay theoretically, Steam Big Picture. Down we go. There it is! We got 'em, ladies and gentlemen! "TowerFall"? - Steam Cloud error. Wait. Oh, is it still? (Linus sighing disappointingly) I have no other controls. The only controls are... Also, I don't detect any audio. Definitely some things to fine-tune. - [Luke] But I mean, it's functioning. - Yes. And there's no fan noise, no heat output, in either the theater room or in the office upstairs. - [Luke] And input lag feels fantastic. - Well of course 'cause it's just an optical HDMI or an optical display port connection. There's no additional latency compared to just running a regular cable. - [Luke] What? - [Linus] Did you die, how'd you even die, did you kill yourself? - My own brambles, I guess? This is not going well for me. Oh. - [Linus] What is that? - [Luke] Nice hash switching. (Mark laughing loudly) - Oh my God. The stupidest part of this is the pool I'm mining into is like the lounge night lunch one. I think I'm just gonna stop. - Well realistically, you just need a keyboard mouse down here. - This is not a great experience. (Linus laughing gently) - [Luke] Can we even get back? - [Linus] I don't think we can get out of it. - If there's a Microsoft button? - Just like we can't get out of telling you about our sponsor! - Hey! (Luke laughing happily) - FreshBooks. FreshBooks is an easy-to-use accounting software that helps you do your business. Impress clients with professional looking invoices that detail the work you've done. Use automated payment reminders if invoices get past due, which they tend to do. Easily track expenses and use their time tracker to log every minute of billable hours, so you don't have to think about it later. Keep everyone on the same page with FreshBooks Projects feature, which makes it easy for clients, team, and contractors, to collaborate, share files, and comment. FreshBooks has your back at tax time too, with a ton of reports to choose from. You'll know exactly where your business stands, and you can easily hand the keys over to your accountant so that they can take over when it's time to reconcile everything for the year. Choose a plan that's right for you, and start your free trial at FreshBooks for 30 days today. No credit card required at freshbooks.com/linus. - If you guys enjoyed this video, there's been so many new house updates. By the time you see this one, the home theater build is gonna be up, and that video is a goer, let me say that much, and the result is absolutely phenomenal.

  Top Comments:
  1. @chipinnc [8 likes]: Whare are all these old LTT videos showing up on my feed?
  2. @Mat-private [1 likes]: What the hell is this, why does it move like that by itself? 10:30
  3. @mikes1992u: I'm surprised this idea isn't more popular, you could literally have a PC in a space in your house that you don't use and have the power of that PC available anywhere in your house. Without the need to have space in rooms for a computer tower.
  4. @JaredHooker-y3u: if 2 people need an entire support staff just to survive.... idk man.
  5. @ContentSiberianHusky-nq5eu: "You're not straight" 
"You gotta go deeper"
"You gotta keep coming" 

Got me lmfao 😂
  6. @pcmaster888: 7:16 I have never seen anyone use the "swipe up" touch gesture with a mouse on the lockscreen. But I guess it was because the keyboard wasnt working
  7. @Skyward2014: But what display port cables are they using?
  8. @TheDoomsday28: Can someone explain how to transmit my PC with peripherals in another room what I need how to set it up I kinda lose focus in the video since it's so much going on 

Or at least a video that explains it better
  9. @Naked_Snake: Is there a list of parts used and maybe a diagram of how things are connected?
  10. @icy_eclipz2159: this is sooo cool but for me I would one never be able to make it work and two I love seeing my pc on my desk
  11. @nekoni4414: 03:28 linus ass tips
  12. @Sk3tchedLexi: 10:12 i am CONVINCED his daughter has NO spine.
  13. @lovis1188: Jokes aside, Linus's rack really is massive.
  14. @ronniemcgill8868: PEOPLE WHO ZIPTIE CABLES SHOULD BE THE ONES WHO UNZIP TIE THE SAME WHEN THE COMPUTER BREAKS DOWN.
  15. @Saturn2888: I realized today I have the money to do a centralized rackmount PC myself whereas I didn't back when I was originally watching this :P. Definitely one of my future dreams. I've been doing my NAS rackmount, and I've been super spoiled by it. Can't wait to do something similar for my gaming rig(s).

But... It looks like you don't have this running in VMs anymore. Is there a reason for no VMs? What about your VR machine? Is that also coming from the rack? So many questions.
  16. @twwister98: Ok I am so curious how you guys connected the controllers in the theater room. I’m doing something similar but my theater room is like 40’ away from my computer. And I have a few walls in between. How did you get the controllers to stay connected?
  17. @AbsoluteWoo: 612 days later and the LTT Cable Management tools still aren't released.
  18. @glenjamindle: Any idea what the lights were behind his monitor?
  19. @mzzzzb4189: Linus has done enough 5000 dollar upgrades to know the tactics his employees use after he found stolen items in their homes
  20. @ferdinandheinisch3632: "While Linus plays with his little......... PC" 😂😂

- Even I’M Jealous of These Guys - Reacting to r/HomeLab: Kind: captions Language: en [LINUS] We love building home servers, and apparently so do you. They're great. But what on earth are you supposed to do with them? Okay, you might need the odd virtual machine or storage vault or media streamer, and that would explain, you know, something like this. But what is this? And this? And this? Y'all clearly either got too much money, or you just love your day job managing IT so huggy muggy much that you just can't wait to do it some more when you get home. I mean, that's clearly the vibe with our first setup here. This looks incredible. [JORDAN] You spent some time on this. You've got a little bit of consumer-level gear down there, an old nook and what seems to be just, like, an office UPS. But, like, what does he need a Fortinet firewall for at home? [JAKE] You're like my mate, Kevin. Shout out, Kevin. He loves his Fortinet. [DAN] Yeah. Comes with backdoors pre-baked in, baby. (laughs) This dude is a total, total dork. Like, in a good way, though. This is his toys. This is his outside. You don't touch grass, you touch cables. Seems like you're doing good work. He's doing interesting stuff. And I'm doing an interesting segue to our sponsor. [DAVID] UGreen, they've partnered with the makers of Genshin Impact to bring you a limited edition bundle themed after the character Keenish and his dragon companion, Ahau. Learn more about the high performance charging solution it comes with using our link today. This is the back of it. Do we have a front picture? Well, yeah, do we- Wait, this is kind of... What? Is this even plugged in? This is all zip ties, though. Oh, no. How do you have this many zip ties for cable management and still end up with it looking like this? (laughs) Oh, man, you need so many tips, tech tips even. Don't put your access point on a metal surface. Yep. I mean, this looks like a cobbled together rack for learning- Yeah. Yeah. [DAN] which is totally respectable. If they're doing it for learning, maybe learn how to not use zip ties. You can even see that the problem has already propagated 'cause these were the first two cables he had, and then he had to add a third. So he just zip tied over the existing two, plus the third. Oh, no. Is this in a shipping container? In a steel box. Whoa, buddy! Dude, I love it. That is awesome. Look at the servers just sitting in the side there on the back shelf. This is sick. Yo! Oh, it's got a little workstation, too. This is the dream. Dude, this is, like, so clean. Yeah, look, it's got the tool organizers. Everything's in, like, nice little buckets. Wait, wait, wait. [DAN] This is what I wish our server closet could look like. I buried 100 meters of fiber up the driveway. Oh, that's awesome! Yeah, that's the coolest one by far so far. You win. (laughs) Wait, is there a before and after? Oh. I thought this was a shelf. Sorry, I thought you were getting to the post. No, this is, this is the shelf. (laughs) No, this is the post. Oh. This is the home lab setup. [DAN] This is the whole thing. This is respectable. He's, he's running Proxmox. A lot of Proxmox out here. What is your setup, dude? What is he doing? Before and after. Oh, is it before or after? I mean, it's not much better. Is this like a Faraday cage he's built? Oh. Oh, these might be, like, small cells. They are. He works in the cellular space and does a lot of testing. If you're not familiar, it's basically like your own mini cell tower. Which is extremely illegal. Well, unless you have a Faraday that. I mean, I don't think that's how that works, but... I don't know. That is sick. (gasps) That is so cool. This is really sick. I'm gonna write this one down. But why do you have two, what appear to be identically configured switches up here? I think they're the same. They're just different labels of different generations. Yeah, is this, like, a fully redundant, like, high availability setup at home? So what do you do with all this networking? There is no servers in here. (laughs) Is there not? There's none. r/Homelab, it's not like r/Battlestation where you just, you know what they're doing with it. There's a VR headset there, you know, doing some stuff. This is like, "Look at all the stuff I have." Guess, b****. Wow, that's a lot of storage. That's a lot of two-and-a-half inch bay storage. Wow. Ugh. So these are like SAS drives. (imitates drive whirring) Yeah, the, the frequency in there keeps teenagers away. This one's really clean. It is. Show me, show me your back fat, but, like- (laughs) Jesus, okay. He's got a lock. It's where he keeps the drugs, I guess? It's where he keeps the receipts from his wife. "Yeah, it cost me 12 bucks." You, you spent... Well, it probably did. (laughs) Oh, it's a Christmas lab. Ah. With better cable management than most of the things that we've seen so far. And you notice, like, the lack of zip ties. It's a Christmas tree. I mean, that's more use than some of these people are doing with their home labs, it seems like. I almost wish it was AI, because somehow it's more painful for me that the human effort, rather than the electricity, was wasted building this. This is why your support tickets aren't being answered. This is your home lab? This is nicer than our infra. Still technically a home lab, but I think home data center is more appropriate. Why are you making me feel inadequate like this? Oh, okay, yeah, I'm, uh... Dan needs to go to the bathroom for a minute. (laughs) I just need everybody to leave. What? What do you have plugged into this? What is all this stuff? [PLOUFFE] Some of the comments are saying, "Jeff, who is the OP, is the CTO of Surescripts." Okay. What are you doing in your house? Dude. Cool. Oh, I love it. Very DIY, very functional. Nice and small, out of the way. Man. Oh, look, see, look, he's got a, a diagram. Wow. Now we can see exactly what's going on. ISO repository. [LINUS] Sure. Very modest, very functional. Full view of the home lab. But do... Oh, oh, look, this guy's got captions. Wow. Oh, it's in a built-in. No way. Oh, that's f***ing sick. Custom soundproofing for silence and integration with home automation and energy management? That's kinda cool. That's pretty cool. How do you have that much networking in your home? Really? You're gonna ask that question? Hey, look. This has to be a whole house control or something. Yeah, like, he's got a smart house. It's all, like, Control4. That's why there's so many Ethernet cables. And it's... He's built it dedicated new. When they built the house, they put the closet in. This is... You knew what you were about, and I respect that greatly. Apparently the servers are inaudible. Stable 30 degrees Celsius. Two-and-a-half gig to all rooms. That's what you need, a leak sensor above the rack to shut off the AC. It starts out as, "I want a NAS." This is how he started? I think this is called gateway drug. Bruh. What a battle station. I've never understood monitor setups like this. No? 'Cause it's too much. You can't, you cannot use that much monitor. It's not even efficient. Like, this actually makes you slower, unless you're, like, a stock trader. Aren't those for, like, doing car detailing? What? Oh, those light bars? Yeah. Yeah, the, like, the hex lights? This is just... This whole subreddit is just, like, uh, wealth shaming. Like, it actually is. Poor, poor, poor! That looks awesome. Uh, is this the same dude? The CTO. (laughs) The same guy? [LINUS] Oh, this is this freaking guy? I understand why this guy is so into it. Because he is the CTO of whatever company. So at some point, I'm imagining he used to actually get to do stuff, and now he just tells people to do stuff. Or... This is like Linus, uh, who doesn't get to do things around the office because he has people for that now. And, and this guy goes home and like, "I remember when I started." Huh? Seven terabytes of RAM. Huh? What are you doing? When is too much? This! you... This is, this is a rhetor- $40,000 ago. This is a rhetorical question. 15,000 watts? What are you even doing? I need to, like, check myself before I end up like this. 75 to 90% of it is off most of the time. So, he just... He just has it. Yeah, I have a home lab. (laughs) But I, I don't use it, but I have it. 48-node cluster in the garage? Whoa. On $20 shelves. Uh, yeah, with $2 power strips. (laughs) Oh, my goodness. The shelves are not the- How have they not melted? Now, that looks like something that I would build. Spoiler, it doesn't perform great. (laughs) Self-destruct after 20 to 24 nodes. I mean, this is a way of finding that out. You use cheap, old hardware, you try stuff and... Hey, at least we know what this was actually for. He actually did something with it. I love it, then. Officially love it. Whoa! Designed my own storage chassis with 56 drive bays. 'Kay, that's pretty cool. Nice. This is some Frankenstein-level stuff. I love it. That is pretty sleek for a custom case. Th- this is really sick though. I mean- Yeah, I wanna do that. I have, I have had thoughts of doing something like this so many times, and I've kind of been surprised that nobody else has done it. The big thing is the connectivity. 'Cause you can make something that's, like, mostly 3D printable. You could make a 3D-printed drive enclosure, but how do you connect them all? And this guy made some custom PCBs for it. That's not something that you can 3D print. No. At least not in, in its entirety. No need to pay for birth control anymore. Oh, my. Are you sure? Are you sure? Because when she comes over and sees this, she might be like, "Wow, that's a big scope." Siglent. We've got a digital storage oscilloscope. We've got a- another oscilloscope. We've got a- an- Oh, there's another HP, like the vintage HP stuff. This is a spectrum analyzer. That is, that is, like, the best stuff. National Instruments as well. Oh, my God. Oh, this is interesting. This looks like a toy. That is super cool. Monty... 3D printed mini-rack. What am I even looking at? So, power supply on the side there. A whole bunch of Pi computer modules, maybe? [LINUS] It's, like, RasPis? Yeah, server rack for Pis. That's so cool. And some Intel NUCs as well, seven inches wide. So, it's only about this big, which is a perfectly okay size. I'm no hardware engineer, so this is likely a fire hazard. I am feeling very inspired. Right? To do stuff. What are you gonna do with the stuff though, Dan? Well, I mean, one of them is a machine learning server, and I use it to learn full-stack dev and Prox-Mox and stuff like that, so... And then, of course- So, what you're saying is- Piracy. (laughs) Okay. (laughs) Everything always comes back to piracy. Is this a little lighting rig? JORDAN] This little lighting truss is interesting. Whoa! That is hot. This is kinda up your alley too, eh? Yeah. He's got the, um, the- Yep. Mm-hmm. The, The that. I wanna do that. Truss. I've never even considered doing truss. What a f***ing nerd. He's using the truss to mount his monitors. That stuff's expensive. Yeah, it's f- pretty... Yeah, uh- He's got RODE cases. That's all audio equipment. This is what Dan wishes he was. Don't forget to plug the merch. Oh, right. Uh, lttstore.com. The, the hat. And the shirt. Oh, yeah, and the shirt. It's just a blank black shirt, but it's nice. It's a Pi cluster. It's a Kubernetes Pi cluster. Uh, see, I love these things. They're so cute when people do Pi clusters. They're not cost-effective in terms of, like, the performance per dollar, in any way, shape, or form. Yeah, but they're performance per square foot. Nope, still not that. Yeah, they're just cute. Are they sharing the heat sinks between, like, two machines each? And it looks like they just took these heat pipes and just friggin' sent it on here? 100% unnecessary work, the best kind of work. I could just put a fan on it. But why? But why do that when I could- I have these heat sinks. Exactly, and these heat pipes. And I've always wanted to learn how to bend heat pipes. I'm in your head. I get you. I see you. I have been you. Home lab meets battle station. Ey! That's cute. I love it. That, that is, that's sweet. And the desk lighting, desk lighting matches the rack lighting. As long as this isn't too loud, I love this setup. Wait. Okay, help me. Wait, is that an Alienware? You're a home labber. You bought an Alienware desktop? Mobile home lab. Okay, sick. That is a very rugged crate. That looks military. (laughs) That's pretty cool. That's cool. Little 4U or so? Working overseas for the next year and had to miniaturize, most of my normal setup so I can take it with me. To do what with? It's like a laptop, but 100 pounds. (laughs) Why? What's a grandpa home lab? Whoa, that's ancient. Oh, that is a grandpa home lab. Early '90s? Maybe mid-'90s? Yeah, maybe late '80s even. Are those five-inch bays? The color's not right for late '80s. It was EOL in 2007. Yeah, this is ancient. It's probably older than me. Is there a lab here somewhere? I think so. Oh, there's a monitor. There's some networking. Um, there's definitely some servers. Oh, my God. This is me. This is what I'm... Well, I'm not this bad, but I'm, I'm close to this bad. There is stuff actually running in here. Oh, God. You know who I think can help you with this, though? Our sponsor. Ugreen. Travelers, hop into the world of Teyvat now for even longer, thanks to Ugreen's charging solutions. They've partnered with the makers of Genshin Impact to bring you a unique bundle themed after Kinich, the five-star Dendro DPS character, and his dragon companion with an attitude problem, Ahao. It's got an output of up to 100 watts through a single port, or up to 130 watts if you're charging two devices at once. It even has a TFT display for you to check your charging status and remaining battery life. The bundle also comes with a 65-watt Nexode GaN charger that can charge three devices at once, a MagFlow 3-in-1 Qi 2 certified wireless charging station, a 100-watt USB-C cable, and a cable tie organizer. What more could you want? So, whether you're logging in on the go or sitting comfortably on your couch, the Ugreen Genshin Impact Kinich bundle can keep you adventuring for longer. Pick up one using our link and get up to 30% off. And check out their massive giveaway while you're at it. If you guys enjoyed this video, make sure to check out the one where we looked at r/TechSupportGore. That was a whole pile of nightmare.

  Top Comments:
  1. @LinusTechTips [217 likes]: Check out the UGREEN x Genshin products below!

"UGREEN × Genshin Impact Series(up to 30% OFF)    https://ugreen.pxf.io/e1EEX6

Buy on Amazon(up to 30% OFF)    https://amzn.to/4ieA7Zo

Enter UGREEN Massive Giveaway    https://ugreen.pxf.io/qzxLay
  2. @TheRedDraqon [4 likes]: Saw a dude on r/HomeLab and he had Terrabytes of DDR4 RAM he got for free when decommissioning servers for work. Dude is literally rich now
  3. @dhyandev1010 [1 likes]: 8:18 bro had 7tb ram guess he is rich now
  4. @CaptnCrnch [1 likes]: 7tb of ram
  5. @jamesheedrpg_god-boss3676: the celuar thing is actually completely legal (not legal advice btw if it wasnt obvious), not a single soul can tell you your not allowed to do that, on one can fine your for doing it or get you in trouble. but the moment you take them out of the faraday cage and start broadcasting stuff into the wild that is the moment you go from completely legal super fine to super illegal federal crime. what's illegal is broadcasting on bands your not allowed to and broadcasting without a licence, owning and using the equipment in a controlled environment is totally legal but it requires you to know what your doing and know the risks involved.
  6. @Nihbru: lol subred for wealth shame, felt that! Some really cool setups for sure
  7. @ChesireRavenlol: Not wealth shaming, they are driving a 20 year old truck and eating store brand!
  8. @Snookers_: 10:20 It's funny how y'all are so focused on the o-scopes meanwhile there's a loaded up PXI chassis that probably costs a couple hundred grand just sitting next to it.
  9. @matthew8153: The fiscally minded side of me wants to do away with internet access entirely. Then the competitive side wants me to upgrade my fiber connection to 5 Gigs and turn my entire house into the neighborhood’s homelab.
  10. @Photographer-v6z: 4:03 very funny ( marking it for when i see it again )
  11. @LeshkovEgor: I'm 14 and I do the same thing. It's certainly very entertaining, but the temperature is 30 degrees Celsius and the noise from the servers...
  12. @DanielTekmyster: Theres a video going around of a BBC office where the people have 15 visible monitors going around each desk!!! ❤
  13. @Gaurav-u7i1r: dark mode pls
  14. @zoltans72: " Comes with back door backed in " :)
  15. @WarpedGetaways: 2:39 you can't tell me that wasn't written by AI

4:00 is ALSO AI 🤦 I mean c'mon. Two identical side by side setups with little issue such as 4 network switches and no PC? And I do mean identical. Clearly ai
  16. @rubber89: 6:00
  17. @dudebot12: Man i wish i had too much money
  18. @stavencapp: 7:19 I dont see the point of having home networking etc, if you are going to locate the servers etc in the same room your PC is. Why have a network rack literally right next to your office desk? I mean the ammount of heat and noise would be crazy annoying.
  19. @christophermihaylov1299: Military grade dude setup had me like "Missiles ready general!"
  20. @sn31t33: Man dont wanna know how much the monthly bill is

- Paying for Cloud Storage is Stupid: Kind: captions Language: en Snatch and smash. It's the viral trend that's breaking all the rules, and maybe your phone. This clip, with over six million views on TikTok, shows an elderly man sneaking up on an unsuspecting Zoomer, snatching her phone, and smashing it right in front of her. Hey, Billy, did you see this on the TV news? It's fake news, Dad. Look, it's the same guy in a different hat. I reverse AI searched him, and his LinkedIn employer just says he has contracts at Google and Apple. It's just a stunt to promote iCloud and Google One. But you have the iDrive, right? No, Dad. My generation can't afford BMWs. Unsettling if true. Now it's time for today's Tech Tip Minute, where we're going to be showing you an affordable way to safeguard your data. Watch this. I press this button and... Instantly, my photos are syncing over the internet, but instead of to an expensive cloud storage provider, I'm backing up to the NAS board right behind me. Wow! Look at it go! Of course network-attached storage or NAS devices are nothing new. What's special here is the value. The Friendly Elec CM3588 NAS kit costs about what you'd spend for two terabytes of cloud storage per year and its ARM-based processor from Rockchip crushes the CPU in this $700 big name NAS. As a bonus it's so efficient it can be powered by just a 2 amp 12 volt input. There is one more thing you'll need to know before you can stop paying that monthly subscription . Despite being able to purchase the CM3588 standalone, it's really intended to slot into their bundlable $35 NAS kit that comes equipped with two and a half gig ethernet, three HDMI ports, one in, two out, USB 3, USB-C, a micro SD slot, and the star of the show, four full-sized M.2 PCIe Gen 3 slots. How is this only $35? I mean, I guess if you take away the expensive bits like the SOC and the RAM, a PCB and some connectors, it even has GPIO. Still doesn't cost very much. All we gotta do is install a cute little heat sink, click it into place, and we're done. But this ease of use is only part of the story. The other part is modularity. For now, Friendly ELEC only has this one board, but in the future, who knows? A SATA version for hard drives or maybe one with a PCI Express slot. That would be sick! And what's cool is in the future, if your daughter board still meets your needs but you want more performance, you could potentially upgrade the brain of your tiny NAS without having to scrap the whole thing. I mean, no promises. The first iteration kind of has to succeed for there to be a follow-up, but as it stands right now, I kind of love it. This version of the Compute Board comes with 4 gigs of DDR4X memory and no onboard storage, so the expectation is you either use the SD slot on the NAS kit or the Compute Board on the PC. Or you upgrade to the 8 or 16 gig RAM versions, which includes 64 gigs of eMMC storage. We ended up with the latter, which brought our price to 160 US dollars. It's not cheap, but it's a really solid value when you consider that that's a one-time cost, kind of like our LTT screwdriver. Yeah, one driver, many different bits. Let's get these drives installed, but while we're doing that, let's talk about the options that we have. Each of these slots is a PCIe Gen 3x1 connection, so that does limit our bandwidth a little bit, but it also opens up some very interesting options. For example, with inexpensive adapters, we could turn each of these into as many as 5 SATA ports, giving us support for 20 conventional hard drives. We were more interested, though, in a tiny, power-efficient, solid-state NAS. Now... With only one lane per port, we're not going to be setting any speed records here, but, realistically, our two-and-a-half-gig network interface is going to limit us long before those PCIe lanes will. Which, realistically, gave us a lot of flexibility when it came to choosing our SSDs. We obviously don't want anything unreliable, so we're not going to go with the cheapest thing, but we don't need to spend a fortune, either. So we picked these 4TB MP34 drives from Teen Group for $165 each. They're only Gen 3, but they have a 5-year warranty, and they even come with a DRAM cache, though that shouldn't really have an impact on the relatively sequential video editing work that we would do off of this thing at a trade show or something. And for that matter, most NAS duties are pretty similar, whether you're using it for PC backup, photo and movie backup, or even running a video streaming server with Plex or Jellyfin. And besides, because you're configuring your own, you can choose lower capacity drives, or you can populate just two slots. Run them in a mirror for redundancy, then, six months later when you get a nice paycheck, you can add one or two more. So some of you are probably wondering then, why do you need a NAS instead of just using external hard drives anyway? Well, for starters, these things suck. They're a single point of failure, and they're super easy to lose. By comparison, a NAS can be shared with anyone else on your network. Which leads to point two, having all of your data on your personal machine is something that I have advocated against for years. Your daily driver is the most likely to be infected by malware or to suffer a malfunction putting any data that's on it at risk. With that said, a single copy on a NAS isn't best practice either and you should always follow the 3-2-1 rule. Three copies of your data on two types of media with one of them being off-site. Now we usually turn to TrueNAS for these types of projects but with this board being ARM based we were forced to look for another option and eventually we settled on OMV or Open Media Vault. Conveniently, Friendly Elec's website includes a link to a google drive that has all the install files and instructions for the different methods of installation. We're going to be going from an SD card to our eMMC The process took about 25 minutes and at the end gave us an IP that we could use to access the GUI for Open Media Vault. We chose RAID 5 for a balance of protection and capacity. And after compiling and syncing, we were left with, dang, almost 11.2 terabytes of capacity. Now we wanna connect it to our Windows-based computers. So we enable SMB, the protocol that Windows uses for network file sharing, and then create a shared drive. Let's see how we did. Different media file copying from our desktop to our tiny NAS. Wow, completely saturating our two and a half gig interface. That's awesome. I wonder how much CPU usage is happening. Yeah, you can actually check that. We could check that. Yep, pretty substantial amount. It's not very powerful. And transfer back. Wow, there you go. It's almost like that's a lot of interface for a two and a half gig connection. Did I mention it's completely flipping silent? Barely even hot to the touch. What am I even listening for? There's no fan on it. Just whatever, doesn't matter. Do you know where there are fans though? Flowplane. Oh. Go subscribe to Flowplane. This is all fine and good, but it doesn't answer the question of how do we protect ourselves against the very real threat of snatch and smash. Well, under the plug-in section in OMV, you can grab Photoprism, an AI powered photo library that we can use a separate application to sync to. In our case, we used PhotoSync. So for just over $5, we're able to sync our photos with almost any storage solution you can think of, including PhotoPrism. And what's really cool is the sync can work both ways. So if your phone ever dies and you need to replace it, you just re-sign into PhotoSync and you can sync back from your NAS to whatever new phone you get. No monthly subscription, just a one-time payment of this many dollars for the app. Compared to more common setups, x86 processors on TrueNAS or Unraid for example, we did have times when we needed a little extra tinkering and know-how to get things working. But after Jake spent a couple of hours getting Plex up and running in a docker container, this little guy handled streaming just great to two concurrent clients. At least at 1080p it did. Once we bumped it up to 4k, that was a different story. But hey, if you're not super satisfied with the playback off of this device, that's okay. You can run the Plex server on a more powerful machine in your house, say your gaming desktop, and then just use this as a beef-caked out little external hard drive. All you need is a network switch. I am curious to see how it'll handle video editing though. As it turns out, the entire editing department is on lunch right now. So, I guess I get to do this. I'm scrubbing. I am starting to think. We've got our Apple Vision Pro video here. This is the Facebook version of it though, hence the super obnoxious aspect ratio. I can't even tell what the heck's going on. People watch videos like this? This is terrible. But you know what isn't? The NAS. Why don't we try 1/2 resolution? It's not the fastest thing ever, but realistically, this is reasonably heavy 4K footage. This was such a great moment in this video. And you can't really appreciate it at all because of the stupid aspect ratio. Yeah, Facebook. So, it's pretty great. And if Open Media Vault isn't your thing, ELEC's list of supported OS's includes versions of Libyan-friendly WRT, Ubuntu, and even Android. So what are you waiting for? It's a Linus-sized NAS that can scale up to 32 terabytes of storage with a top spec price of $160, if you're okay with doing a bit of work. And the value is especially apparent when you look at the cost of the larger storage plans from the major cloud providers. Google, for instance, wants $600 a year for their 10 terabyte cloud storage plan. That means it would take less than a year and a half to pay off this exact NAS in this configuration with all the SSDs. And that's with us going full LTT and making a solid state NAS. So what can I say other than I give a strong recommendation to this small boy, just like I give a strong go check out the 90 terabyte NVMe server that I ended up building and not taking home to my house. It's kind of the opposite of this,

  Top Comments:
  1. @geekverve [50 likes]: This video certainly didn’t age well. The cost of that kit with current SSD prices would be $1800 now.
  2. @andresbrito8374 [7 likes]: Who else is watching this in 2026 with the price of RAM and SSD storage? XD
  3. @totesmacgrotes [4 likes]: THIS IS NOW 222.99 WITH 8GB, MICRO MEMORY CARD, CM3588  AND POWER ADAPTER
  4. @jasonpm213 [3 likes]: 165usd each?
4 TBs????
Ohh how the world has gone to shit.
They are 550 usd now.
EACH
  5. @jameswhitney8526 [3 likes]: And now this cpu is in the budget Ugreen Nas boxes
  6. @sapage0608 [2 likes]: update those same SSD sticks are $600 per 4 tb drive. the world sure has changed in 2 years
  7. @jeremycarter [2 likes]: This would have been great if NVMe prices weren't so dang expensive!
  8. @dnoodspodu1159 [2 likes]: Good luck buying today a 4TB PCI-e 3.0 drive; times 4
  9. @jesus.moreno [1 likes]: awesome man!! i wil get one!
  10. @ApathecMines [1 likes]: 74.99 for nvme oh i miss the good ol days
  11. @Ward.TS137: Amazing ! Would it work for steam games ?
  12. @malikomuchimba6876: Hey Linus, I’ve been wondering about a real world problem of storing massive amounts of raw video data. We’re talking something like 10 TB, which can get expensive. It got me thinking, could you make a video exploring how much that data could actually be compressed, maybe down to 2 or 3 TB, using this like advanced codecs, deduplication techniques, lossless compression and show to back this up for later use? It would be awesome if you could also compare how different methods perform, how fast they compress and decompress, and what that means for real world archiving or long term storage. I think a deep dive like that could really help people figure out more cost effective ways to handle storing huge amounts of data at a fraction of the cost.
  13. @SanjaySharma-ls5ou: The problem that’s for the board the 2gig ssd cost 200-250 each lifespan less than 5 years by that time technology changes for normal people it’s still cheaper to pay 12 bucks a month for Apple Storage
  14. @WarpedGetaways: I am convinced Linus or whoever researches these prices is number dyslexic. That cm3588 is $350 Not $35
  15. @johnathanbrandstetter1903: The App costs money witha monthly service now
  16. @deivedux9342: I've been doing this kind of DIY setup for a while now, Orange Pi 5 that was already used as a Pihole + Unbound also has an 8 TB USB HDD connected to it that I use for mass storage applications.
  17. @DhirhajJeevan: Li-NAS Tech Tips
  18. @chuckbatson595: I'll be sticking with cloud storage, which is off-site and thus covers failure modes like fire, natural disasters, etc.
  19. @asdwinner1234: absolute novice here: absolutely none of what I just watched you say and do makes any sense whatsoever. If this can't be made accessible to folk like me, FUGGEDABOUDIT.
  20. @marksawesomeadventures: Okay this is Really Cool, but what I am trying to do is get around ALL of Google's Two Factor Authentication BS. I am SO TIRED of it! I am planning to do everything I CAN to END Google Dependancy. 
Obviously I do YouTube, so it's hard to completely End my Dependancy on Google if I do YouTube. BUT, having a Travel Channel I TRAVEL!! This means every time I go to another Country Google likes to Completely Lock me out of my Account, because it doesn't recognize my IP address anymore and if I have to SIM Swap to another Country, I Lose all my Data that I have stored on Google Drive. 
It has become almost impossible to keep fighting with Google everytime I Travel to restore my Account so I can access my Data. Not to mention that when I lose my Google Account, I also lose my Email Access, so it becomes impossible for me to Verify my Identity to my Bank Transfer Apps if they cannot Send me an Email. AND if I have to Apply for a Visa online, THEY CAN'T SEND ME THE VISA to my Email, because GOOGLE HAS LOCKED ME OUT OF MY ACCOUNT!! So if you got the time Please address these Issues, and give me some ideas. 
What I am thinking is setting up My Own Server, setting up my Own Email Client on that Server, Setting up my Own Cloud Storage on that Server, and I need the Server to be accessable anywhere in the World WITHOUT TWO FACTOR AUTHENTICATION!! 
And if you want to put a little Cherry on Top, give me some ideas on how I can Recieve my SMS Codes on a Phone when I keep Swapping out the SIM Card (Physical SIMS) every couple Months? 
I really need to Push back on all of this WEF/ UN "Security" BS now! I am SO SICK OF IT!

- Everything I Learned About Home Networking - A Newbie’s Perspective: Kind: captions Language: en when you first move into a new place one of the first things you do is get some internet installed the internet guy comes over spends an hour or two and now you have this box in your closet that lets you get away from the world and into the real real world the internet where you can find weirdos like this guy who's about to talk about home networking for over 20 minutes if you think about it all your devices that are connected to your internet are all meeting at this little box and you can do a lot with just that but once you start looking into this the rabbit hole gets pretty deep so I'm here to talk about everything that I've learned about home networking from someone who didn't know much about it until I finally left my parents place let's start first off why would someone spend money and get into home networking we live in a pretty Wireless World your phone connects to cell towers wirelessly your headphones connect to your phone over Bluetooth wirelessly and your laptop connects to the internet through your router wirelessly but because of this there are lots of signals bouncing around your home at any given time now I'm not a tinfoil hat conspiracy theorist but just imagine a home full of invisible people yelling at each other throughout the house one that would be really creepy and you may be hearing voices do get that checked out by a doctor and two the more voices that get added the harder it would be to hear what the person you're listening to is actually saying between all the different devices that someone owns there's just so much talking and yapping between them that we just don't see it and home networking helps us better manage all of those different com conversations that are happening between them and make the conversation smoother more reliable and hopefully faster how I personally view home networking at its core is focusing on the management of these devices that live within your home and how they communicate in your local area network or land for most people before going down the home networking Rabbit Hole this is just your Wi-Fi network that all your stuff is connected to or whatever else you have connected to your router so let's break it down what you need all boils down to what you plan to do with your home network if all you want to do is connect to your stuff through Wi-Fi or plug in a few smart home hubs or a mesh Wi-Fi network into your router and just call it a day a simple setup would be fine basically your needs aren't much and that's that's perfect the simpler the better but then like what if you want to run security cameras and view it from your phone what if you want to run a media server with all of your saved up movies what if you're a gamer who wants the absolute best and quickest connection possible what if you're a YouTuber who edits YouTube videos from home who never gets to go outside and touch grass but needs faster storage that you can access from any part of the home well that's where we have to get more complex so to make things easy on myself I'm going to use myself as an example because I'm probably trying to do a lot of what you're probably thinking of already I want to set up my home network to handle a lot of different things I want to limit the devices floating around on Wi-Fi I'm going to use ethernet as much as possible I also want a super fast connection so that I'm able to edit my YouTube videos off of a network drive which is kind of like a Google drive but on steroids I want a home media server so that I'm able to watch my content and then I want to make sure all my Smart Home Products work together and I also want to install cameras so I have visibility as to what's happening around my home especially when I'm away from it so now that we have all of the goals that we're trying to accomplish all of the things that I've listed out here helps me understand the type of things that I need to accomplish these goals but just keep in mind that some of these I've already talked about in a lot of detail in other videos and this video is long enough as is so I'll just link them wherever they're supposed to go up here but those things are still super important to this video because everything I'm about to talk about is really what enables those videos and those projects to work out the way that they have all right so let's talk about the basics there are two devices that give you the internet and these are usually provided by your ISP your modem and your router or if you have AT&T fiber like me you have a 2011 device like this that does both your modem takes the internet signal from your Co axle or Fiber internet connection and puts it in a form your devices use like translating languages your router is the device that has a Wi-Fi access point that actually emits the Wi-Fi signal for the rest of your devices to connect to and it typically also has ports on the back that you can plug wired devices into for most people this is it this is their entire home network all their stuff connects through Wi-Fi through their router and any smart home hubs that they own like those Philip Hue hubs are plugged directly into this thing and then they call it a day basically anything that wants access to the internet has to connect to this box wired or wirelessly and for a lot of people that works perfectly fine but if you want to make it more robust and add things to it that's when we really have to talk about things like switches no we're not talking about these type of switches or even these kind of switches what I'm talking about are network switches these are little boxes with a bunch of ethernet ports that lets you connect more devices physically the router your internet provider gave you probably already has a switch built in and you can use those to connect your devices ethernet switches are basically like a power strip where from one plug you can connect multiple items but with data instead of electricity unlike a power strip where power goes from the wall to the strip the data can go in and out of each end back and forth if in your household you're the designated installer of stuff and by that I mean the person that your friends or family has to set up their new laptop TV or smart home stuff then you've probably already seen and know about the ethernet ports on those devices then you probably were already smart enough to put two and two together and connect your devices directly to your internet router or to switches that sit between your router and that device giving them faster and stable access to the internet and that's what makes ethernet so great it provides a reliable fast connection without fiddling with Wi-Fi passwords that being said switches come in all kinds of different sizes specs and speed so you got to know what you're buying and make sure it suits your specific needs to briefly break it down there are two primary types of switches you should be thinking of unmanaged and managed switches unmanaged switches are basically dumb switches you plug some cables into them and they just route data to the rest of the ports these would be your bog standard typical Cheapo $20 switches but are $15 if you check the little box that saves you $5 but that could create some issues too if you decide to go that rout like if you decide to Loop your switches together in a circle cuz you might think hey if a cable fails at least there's still a connection between this switch and the other switch to get to the third switch this is a huge no no when it comes to unmanaged switches do not do this your network will suffer because of it managed switches give you a lot more control over all your connected devices every managed switch has different capabilities but some of the features include the ability to limit the speed of certain ports see how much activity is occurring on each one prevent Loops through STP and the ability to configure vlans or virtual local area networks on your device VLS would be like making different Pathways for your devices to interact with each other on the same device so that it's more efficient and separates your stuff from each other so that they don't interact it's kind of like in a train station there's multiple trains and they're all going to different locations as long as you're on the right platform everything is going into that train station but there's different routes out I don't know if that was a good analogy but you tell me with support for multiple vlans I can set a dead dedicated VLAN to just my smart home stuff one for all my YouTube devices one dedicated for guest's Wi-Fi access and the last one for everything else it's nice that everything isn't under a single umbrella and I don't need a whole another set of switches to do all of that physically separately all right awesome that was easy so you're good right just plug in your devices into the switch connected to your router and just call it a day but then the biggest issue shows its ugly head your router may be in a completely different room than where you want to plug things into like the router is in the closet but the PS5 is in the flex room how can you connect those two devices so that you can game with a stable internet connection on your PS5 well that depends on where and how you live if your place has ethernet jacks on the wall in different rooms there's most likely a patch panel somewhere in your place where all these lead to with each cable properly labeled that would be the most ideal location to connect everything together through a switch and sometimes life works great that way you'll get everything done in an afternoon noon you put a switch in and plug in all your cables and you're good to go but let's be honest here that's probably not what you're dealing with but instead what you're more likely to find are old phone jacks which kind of look like slightly smaller ethernet jacks or coaxial which is what you'd use for cable or satellite TV this is more common in older homes and apartments and complicates things because if you rent I don't think your landlord or management would appreciate you making holes and installing wires through the walls of the property if you you own your own place you can install ethernet yourself if you're DIY Savvy enough but for me personally I worked with an electrician who is familiar with ethernet drops to install additional ethernet drops in the places that I needed okay I have to talk to a very small subset of people watching here but if you are building a house or are in the process of building a house consider getting the drops installed during that process instead of after so I live in a relatively new home and we got to pick a lot of the finishes with our home builder the cost of each drop was only like $40 with them compared to some of the quotes that I was getting after the home was built which were much more expensive the Builder even let me decide where to put the patch panel where all the cables terminated to regardless if you own or rent a property if running ethernet cables and drilling holes in your wall isn't feasible you do have a few options the first would be to just run ethernet cable throughout your home along the walls it's ugly and potentially a tripping Hazard if not contained but it works then there's mocha network adapters which can take your ethernet cable convert it to coax seal and use the coaxial cable in your walls to deliver data to another room with coaxial and another mocha network adapter to convert it back to ethernet I personally haven't tried this method since like I said I have ethernet built in but it's a great option to consider and something that you should probably dig deeper yourself if you need it and lastly there's power line adapters which use a standard outlet to wiring for electricity to also send data signals throughout that wire you plug one of these in where your router is and the other where you plan to plug your device in and then just plug ethernet cables in but do know that through this method expect slower speeds than if you wired it through mocha or directly through Ethernet for my own setup I have all my cables routed to the patch panel in my hallway closet from here I have a central location for all my networking that everything in the house connects to all right based on everything that I brought up so far making the perfect home networking setup for yourself is going to be a really long process but another thing to consider is during scenarios like a power outage how can you make sure that your network works when you need it most well that's where today's sponsor blue edti and their ac180 comes into play the bluetti ac180 is a portable power station that has a large 1,152 W lithium iron phosphate 4 battery which means this thing is durable enough to charge over 3,500 battery Cycles individual pieces of networking equipment doesn't really sip crazy Power by themselves but with a bunch of gear it can pull a decent amount of power and the ac-10 is able to power all of it for hours before before shutting down I live in Houston Texas and we get a lot of storms during the summer that have the potential to knock out power during unpredictable weather having a portable power station ensures that I can power my necessities and even my networking gear for access to the internet and even if you don't decide to use it to be the ultimate battery backup for your home networking stuff the bluetti ac10 is an amazing power station that can be used for camping in The Great Outdoors with up to 1,800 WTS of continuous AC power you can power up power hungry appliances like electric grills rice cookers and air fryers I'm actually planning a camping trip this fall and this is one item that I 100% plan to bring with me the bluetti ac180 is also wat for wat less expensive than many competitors and has a 5-year warranty for some peace of mind and this thing can go from 0 to 100 using a standard wall outlet in about an hour so I ran a quick little experiment I wanted to see if my home network and Nas could be run off of this and for how long and it lasted a whole 5 and 1/2 hours which is awesome considering it was powering a UPS three Network switches my router a Nas access points and security cameras the ac180 also has app support that lets you see the wattage you're using and even has cool functions like powerlifting mode which can increase the wattage depending on your personal needs so if you're interested in the blue edti ac180 to use as a backup UPS for your server or as a nice camping companion check out the link in the video description below anyway back to more home networking stuff okay so let's just say that you have all your cabling and routing sorted out now what from here it depends on what you want to do this will affect what you actually need and the performance required out of your Hardware so let's look at my own scenario a couple of these stand out to me because they require more unique Hardware than just a managed network switch so let's delve deeper into these starting with the tried andrue ethernet cable ethernet cables are the wires that will be the pipeline between your data between all of your different wired devices to get the most out of your cables I highly suggest getting cat 6 or cat 6A cables for Residential Properties because these will give you up to 10 gbits per second of bandwidth there's 8 gab bits in a gigabyte so the 10 gab bit you get out of the cables would be a maximum potential output of 1,250 megabytes per second which is about as fast as you'd get from one of these snazzy ssds right now so how do we unlock that speed well it's all up to your network switch or your devices to determine how much they can take typically most devices you own will have gigabit Ethernet ports built in for most tasks that's fine your internet most likely kepts out at gigabit speeds anyway so gigabit connections will handle the vast majority of people's use cases but if you're trying to be more intense and know you'll be moving a lot of data through these ethernet pipes like editing 4K YouTube videos backing up large amounts of data or running a personal media server with lots of 4K content that you plan to watch throughout the home that's when you want like 2.5 or 10 GB ethernet switches but like all things that are better or faster expect to pay more for this speed like a lot more once you start trying to connect things through Ethernet you'll notice that your cables are getting Messier and Messier because you had a power cable and now an ethernet cable coming out of your devices but an amazing feature that you might get on an ethernet switch and other devices is power over ethernet power over ethernet ports on certain switches can power your devices over ethernet without the need for a power cable AKA a lot less cables to deal with Poe comes in a few flavors that just outlines how much more juice it can push between poe poe plus and Poe Plus+ basically more plus signs mean more power so this feature doesn't work on just random devices with ethernet ports though but just devices that have ethernet ports that support it so no you won't be powering your TV through this and definitely not your PS5 but Poe is usually used for powering additional Network switches Wi-Fi access points and security cameras that are labeled to be powered by ethernet this feature is usually integrated on devices where getting power alongside the ethernet would be difficult so like the access point scenario you don't want to have to install another Outlet alongside your access point right when you're building something out it's nice that all you need is just one cable that powers it that's pretty easy to get through the wall I gapped enough about Network switches and ethernet ports by this point we're pretty far into this video now so let's get to the more exciting part what am I actually using for my own home network for the longest time I thought I could get away with just a simple Network my router and a switch connected to it but the more techy and more tinkering that I wanted to do to my home network the more I realized I needed something more so everything that I'm about to say for myself definitely goes more Pro suumer or power user rather than your average everyday person so be warned I bought a ubiquity udm Pro special edition which is basically a rackmountable switch that controls a ton of ubiquity own line of products from additional Network switches access points cameras and applications it's their Gateway into their ecosystem but this didn't satisfy my desire for security cameras or high transfer speed for my YouTube activities that's when some friends over at ubiquity sent some cool stuff over full disclosure here ubiquity stuff is in the Pro suer level and does get pretty expensive but I wanted to be 100% transparent here some of the things I'm using in this setup was sent over to me by ubiquity but I want to make this absolutely clear I had already purchased a ton of ubiquity gear myself and was already using it for some time well before they reached out to me so while it was very nice of them to send me some stuff and I am an active user of their products I just wanted to make sure everyone who's watching is aware that some things were sent to me and that there are other viable Alternatives out there as well but for me I like ubiquity stuff and so that's why I'm personally using them here ubiquity sent over a pro Max 24 Poe which has a ton of 2.5 gbit per second Poe Plus+ ports and an Enterprise XG 24 which has hear me out 2410 GB per second ports both these switches came with more ports than I know what to do with but it does give me room for future expandability like if I ever move into a larger home I need to add more cameras access points or ethernet to more rooms so these three main devices are the backbone of my home network and YouTube setup and basically everything in my house gets plugged into these three things so as you can imagine with this much networking equipment and this many ports cables probably get pretty messy so this is an area that you want to clean up the first thing to consider when cleaning this mess up is a server rack which is basically what keeps rack mountable switches organized and compact I'm using the ubiquity toolless minir rack to hold all these switches in one place and then using a patch panel a patch panel organizes all of your incoming ethernet cables so that you can easily and neatly swap connections if needed this one is specifically designed for this toolless mini rack but I will say that the toolless mini rack works best with ubiquity gear and if you do plan to mix and match switches from different brands consider a different rack because you'll have more size options and better compatibility from here if you just use any random ethernet cable to connect all your stuff you're going to have a bad time this is when you'd want patch cables patch cables are very short ethernet cables that don't have a ton of cable Slack this cuts down how much cabling gets in the way if you decide to change out any of your connections and seriously they clean up your networking gear so nice so after all of my cleaning up this is how my server rack looks my AT&T router modem thing is plugged into the udm pro which controls all of my ubiquity applications and internet connection any device that needs power over ethernet is plugged directly into the pro Max 24 Poe and anything that needs a super fast 10 GB per second connection is plugged into the Enterprise xg4 and lastly I put a UPS on top for backup power however rack mount UPS's like this one isn't necessarily for making sure all your stuff stays on for a long period of time they more so for you to be able to turn off all your devices safely during a power outage if you want more continuous power during a power outage that's when you'd look at more things like today's earlier sponsor the Blu ready ac180 each of these switches serve a different purpose but how do these things work together to form a cohesive system well you can connect switches together so that they talk to each other these specific switches have these SFP ports for faster data transfers between them so you can just get SFP plus cables and just plug them into each other but something to consider when you're connecting different switches together is that like the example earlier you don't want them in a circle you want them like a branching tree with your main switch then your secondary switch then whatever remaining switches unlike power strips which you shouldn't be plugging into a chain unless you got a thing for accidental arson Network switches can be chained together but at the same time the further in the chain the higher likelihood that it would be unstable so while being 3 to four switches deep is fine being 8 to 10 switches in could explain some of the issues that you're getting so for the most stable results limit it where you can so for me this means that my internet router is connected directly to the udm pro then the pro Max and Enterprise switches are connected to the udm pro from there each room is equipped with their own switch to do whatever function that room serves so in the living room I have a basic gigabit switch for my different and smart home stuff TV and Apple tv in the bedrooms I keep a Poe Flex mini switch so that I can keep TVs and streaming devices connected these little guys are tiny manageable switches and are powered by ethernet and provide quite a few ports for a basic setup then to make sure I have high speed 10 GB ethernet connections for YouTube videos I have this ubiquity Flex 10 GB ethernet switch this gives me additional 10 gabit ports in the spaces that might need it the most for additional computers or for nasas okay but that only solves my wired problem what about Wi-Fi the thing my significant other and guests will complain about if it's not working right so I kind of went a little Overkill here because if I want to upgrade my stuff in the future I want it to be as easy as possible this requires talking about my attic I bought these ubiquity Flex switches because they're powered over ethernet and have Poe pass through ports that I can use for access points and security cameras these things aren't standard switches these are made to handle more rugged environments and so I slapped two of them in my hot Texas attic with one towards the front and the other one towards the back of the house for two different zones this way if I want to install additional cameras or access points I don't have to run new ethernet lines down into the patch boox into my closet every single time I want to install something new into my network and I don't even need additional power because that Flex switch provides additional Poe ports that can then power these new access points or these new cameras okay so I'm not going to talk about my security camera setup too much in this video that's more so for a second video so be on the lookout for that but we can talk more about my access point situation from the attic I had ethernet dropped into the ceiling in the front and back of the house for these UniFi 7 Pro and UniFi 7 Pro Max access points that are routed directly to my network closet because these are powered over ethernet and have speeds of up to 2.5 gbits per second I wanted to Route these directly to my server rack instead of to those Flex switches I have in the attic to maximize performance with these Overkill access points I'm able to do some video editing over Wi-Fi but for most people a 1 gbit connection would be perfectly fine when you have a lot of Wi-Fi connected devices in your home they can bog down your access point and when your house is wide or long a single access point might not give you enough Wi-Fi coverage for your entire home but we can improve both of those issues by having multiple access points in the home since my house is rectangular shaped it made sense to have an access point in the front and one in the back of the house for maximum cut coverage access points are wired directly to the source through Ethernet so yeah that's my home networking setup but I wanted to touch on something lightly before I end this long video a lot of people will have a robust Network like this for all the reasons I mentioned throughout this video including the ones I wrote earlier on these sticky notes but they'll also run applications beyond that through Docker containers on a computer connected to their Network and a Nas Docker containers house applications that can be used by your devices on the home network like home assistant which is a smart home platform that consolidates all of your other smart home platforms together under one umbrella Plex where you can create a streaming Content Library based on your own Media or ad guard to block ads at the network level so that you don't see any on any connected devices there's a lot of cool stuff out there that you can do with your home network and way more than I can fit in this short video other times someone could use a Nas to do all of this a Nas is basically a computer that's purpose-built for storing data and making making it available on the network some pre-built options include Synology and qap and these systems are like Google drive but on steroids with as much storage as you can think of depending on how much you're willing to pay and while they're built to be a giant hard drive basically they're still computers so people like to keep Docker containers on their Nas to get those additional Network features and still have all their storage on one device it's a good combo and one that I personally use too all right so with all that being said after learning all of this and setting it up for myself how is my own networking setup doing it's been a few weeks after I've got it fully up and running and it's been holding up great I'm getting the Speed and Performance I'm expecting from all the places I have home networking set up and when something is down or not behaving correctly it's reported to me on the UniFi app since most of my networking gear is from ubiquity I'm able to manage my home network from my phone and do pulse checks on it the 10 GB connections really helped me with my video editing workflow and having so many available ports means that I can just adjust my needs quickly instead of patching together a string of random smaller switches like I used to do a year or two ago when I was more naive with 2 APS all the Wi-Fi problems I used to get at the edges of the home are completely gone and I even got decent internet from my front and backyard now I now rarely see an issue with Wi-Fi or ethernet speed except for when the power is out I think the project ended up a complete success at the same time I hope everything that I learned throughout this is also helpful for your own home networking Journey whatever the goal is whether it's simple as plugging in another unmanaged switch to your router or just building out a robust home network I hope it goes well what do you personally think was everything that I mentioned in this video helpful how's your own home networking Journey going I hope I simplified it enough for you there's a lot of information out there and it can get super overwhelming if you already know enough about home networking were there any areas you thought I could improve let me know in the comment section below and if you enjoyed this video give it a thumbs up and well I'll see you all next time bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @danielgrainger8488: So I’m still trying to learn. How do you connect your NAS to your server? If they’re in two separate places, your server in th closet and NAS in your office. Is it just connected through Ethernet?
  2. @QrchackOfficial: 5 years into homelabbing, 3 years into working professionally as a sysadmin, running 80+ services in my lab... I'm yet to find a single use for VLANs. I have a managed switch, and I'm yet to manage anything in it. Frankly, I find the prevalence of "Ubiquity sent me $3k worth of networking gear" around youtube somewhat disgusting. We ain't casually finding four 2TB NVMe SSDs laying around in the garage to put inside that $600 NAS that we just got sent in for review, nor are we into paying $1500 instead of $150 for a switch just to get a pretty GUI and a pie chart of bandwidth usage by device. These are devices you use when someone else pays for them. Frankly, actual network engineers get ancient 10/100Mbps Cisco switches to learn on. We don't have 20-room mansions that require 5 APs to cover our heated outdoor pool with gigabit internet from two ISPs with seamless switchover. A 8-port gigabit dumb switch is just enough, has been for my first 3 years, and honestly, upgrading to my 24x1G + 2x10G managed tik was way overkill and I could've stayed on what I had already. Internet is like 100Mbps on a good day, I couldn't do port forwarding even if I wanted to as everyone is behind CGNAT and only business customers can pay extra for a publicly routable IP, there is no firewall to run... I just got a decent wireless router, off the shelf Asus consumer unit with enough flash to run OpenWRT on, that gets me tailscale on-router and that's about the extent of exotic networking I can forsee myself ever being interested in. Maybe 10G networking in a few years, but certainly useless right now with current SSD pricing.
  3. @SindreEide93: I bought a house from 1971 with absoluttely NO runs in the walls I can use at all and I'm going crazy overkill now to have fixed for good. I pulling 10 pipes for cat6 trough multiple walls and floors and that's just the absolutt first run.

I will also do a huge pipe for allot of runs from basement to attic, 

More runs to the rooms in the basement and rental appartement  I gonna build. 

I am going to have several 100m of cables in the walls.

I bough a 12U big wall cabinet with glassdoor, wire managers, patchpanels. I will buy multiple switches and routers and mesh systems. 

It getting extremely work intensive and expensive 😅
  4. @ohu8one221: Jimmy what are your thoughts on managing multiple Alexas, google home and a Samsung Smart thing hub on a seperate switch assigning vlans, as well as setting up a vlan for IOS and PC and other streaming devices using a switch. Also if the internet is out is there a way to keep Alexa devices active? I have so many little devices running home automation in the Woodlands that I feel I need to expand with a new router and a switch in the mix so I can assign port speeds and setup vlans on it to manage them all. The house is only 1500sqft so I was thinking of getting a better more updated router to run off my xfinity setting Xfinity to a gateway and taking the older NG router and using it just for only smart home devices as an access point.
  5. @ProofDeep: 2:30 💯🤣
  6. @richarda3764: I want to set up a Unifi POE series of cameras around the exterior of my house. I have existing Cat 5e wiring throughout the home, but I've never been able to get it to work. It's really frustrating, but I'm thinking I may need to hire someone to come set it all up.
  7. @2026GetGib: Dude.  The UDM is not a “switch” that is the gateway into home networking.  It is a gateway.  It is a router.  It is the unifi OS console.  And yes, it is a managed switch.
  8. @KaptainCanuck: Adding ethernet into the wall is stupid. I have used power-line for over 10 years now since they are moveable. It may be slightly slower than ethernet but both use copper wire to run the signals
  9. @KaptainCanuck: Routers are NOT need to connect to a LAN or WAN (the internet). Most ISP routers can be disabled. They are just a more robust (AKA have extra functions) than a switch, which is just a simple dumb router
  10. @Bloq7: Calling this a "newbie's perspective" is laughable.
  11. @johnd.4385: VERY good video, thanks !  (From a 71 year old retired engineer about to embark on a new system for my home to watch sports on YouTube TV without the pauses and delays)
  12. @TheSensationalMr.Science: 8:50 you could also get one of those camera snake [endoscope] and use the pre-setup cabling paths and snake the cables up into another already established hole somewhere else.... though cabling will be interesting to map in that fashion. but hey you will be able to leave a map for the next guy!
Hope you have a great day & Safe Travels!
  13. @77brasileiro: Whoa, I had to play back a few times, but this is very informative and helped me understand. Thank you!
  14. @KingAoKage: I know ima year late but one thing that pissed me off about this video was the fact that he kept playing the clip of him plugging the server rack into the top left port of the battery instead of the bottom right 😭 12:21
  15. @jackb1803: Frankly, I like the convenience of wireless and steer away from cables as much as possible.  I live in a solid concrete house and running cables in the wall is a no go.
  16. @patl1642: this guy is so funny lmao
  17. @shaggy6249: Why don’t you bypass your att router, I hear that the bypass mode is terrible
  18. @Detailbound: my guy, why the UPS on the top? highest weight lowest, no?
  19. @philf4086: Great video from a real user. Thanks!
  20. @dfsm: I am quite salty they sent you so much stuff that would take me a bonus and a half to grab. Their cameras ALONE are so expensive and I have to buy 5 cameras for my house.

- this server WONT break....  - Clustered Storage Server: Kind: captions Language: en When you make as many videos as we do, you need a lot of fast, reliable storage. And our main editing server, Whonnock, has checked all of those boxes for years. It's a great little server. It's built out of high quality components and it even looks cool. But as our team has grown, we've reached the point where even a minute, one single minute of downtime costs over $50. And that's just in payroll. Now, practically speaking, the way to mitigate that is by adding redundancy. Now, our drives are already redundant. We've got 20 drives in there with data striping, but the problem is they all sit in one single server. And I'm sure you can see where this is going. It's been over a year in the making, but it's finally here, Whonnock's Final Form, and I'm calling it... Whonnock 10, because it's the last Whonnock ever. High availability Whonnock! Whonnock 10! I told you this like 10 times. Nobody even knows what high availability means. It means it's Linus proof. Just go ahead, unplug one. Do it, go for it. Okay, I should probably tell you the stakes before you do that. Each of these two grand twin boxes has four entire servers inside of them that were provided by Supermicro. We sponsored this whole thing. And they're set up with Weka, a redundant NVMe first file system. In this config, it should sustain two entire servers dropping out without anyone even noticing. Except that we moved the entire team onto it last night without telling anyone. And it's the middle of the workday with a ton of high priority videos in progress. Do you really wanna test it right now? I haven't tried that. All right, here we go. Okay. What could go wrong? I mean a lot. Naturally, a huge part of a project like this is the software, the stuff that's gonna handle distributing all of our hundred-ish terabytes of video projects, Word documents, and Linux ISOs to the multiple machines that we just showed you. But we can't install any software until we have some hardware. So why don't we start there? Meet the Supermicro Grand Twin A+ Server AS-2115GT-HNTR. Despite it's sort of ordinary looking appearance and unexciting sounding name, it is anything but ordinary and it is very exciting because inside this 2U is four independent computers. But for what we're doing, four nodes? Please, we want eight. Inside each of these is a completely independent motherboard, 384 gigs of memory, an AMD EPYC Genoa processor with 64 cores, dual M.2 slots for redundant boot drives, six PCIe Gen 5, two and a half inch NVMe slots up front, and we've got I/O in the rear. Now, this bit here could be a little confusing at first glance, but that is because not only do we have USB, but we have two full Gen5 by 16 PCIe connections back here, along with display output and power for the entire server. This whole thing slides into the chassis, which holds a really cool modular backplane assembly that we'll take a look at in a minute, and then passes through, thank you, Jake, to the back of the server, where you've got a management port, a single USB port for each server. Nope. It's two and they're shared. What the? I was about to ask, 'cause we've also got a single VGA. You see the button? For two servers there, no way. This button toggles? Yeah. And, okay, before we talk about that a little bit more, look at these power supplies. Each of these is 2200 watts, 80 plus titanium, which sounds like a lot, but when you're potentially handling four 400-watt Epic Genoa CPUs along with a bunch of RAM, up to 24 NVMe drives and eight network cards, well, it seems downright reasonable, doesn't it? Is it 24 drives? Can't be. Yeah. Six times four, yes. Six times four is 24. And of course, that's just one of them. We've got two of those. And that means that in the event that one of these dies, the system should be able to continue to operate uninterrupted, which is a big part of the high availability goal that we have for this deployment. Speaking of high availability, let's move on to our network cards. Each of those PCIe Gen5 by 16 slots I showed you guys before, terminates in one of these OCP 3.0 small form factor mezzanine slots. And what we're putting in them is these ConnectX 6 200 gigabit cards from Mellanox. Excuse me, from NVIDIA that, okay, these are the older Gen 4 ones. So they're gonna be limited by the slot speed of around 250 gigabit per second. But if we had newer cards, that means that each of these nodes could do 200... plus another 200, 400, up to 800 gigabit, which would of course be a complete waste for us, A, because our workload can't take advantage of it, and B, because our switch is only 100 gigabit. Sorry. Of course, the two ports are still helpful. We do have redundant switches. Except there's kind of a problem here. That's still a single point of failure. In a perfect world, we would have two single port NICs. So if a NIC were to die, it would still be okay. But because we have so many nodes, we're not really worried about an individual node. You know, they could have one boot drive and it die, or one NIC and it die. We still have an extra backup. How many nines do you want? I mean, I don't know, like one would be good. Nine percent? Which jokes aside is a really good point. If we were architecting this properly, there are so many more considerations that we would need to make. Like the power coming into the rack would have to come from two independent backed up sources. The connectivity to our clients would have to be redundant as well. The connectivity between all of the systems would have to be architected in such a way that no matter what fails, everything will stay up. And realistically for us, we're not gonna get that deep into it because our goal is better than we had before, which was a single machine with its own built-in redundancies, but other than that, nothing. Now at least we should be able to lose a full machine out of these eight. We can restart one of our core switches, totally fine. Two machines out of these eight, and we can still be limping along. I mean, limping is a bit of a stretch. It's going to be very fast. Now, normally if you buy a Supermicro machine, they're gonna pre-build it for you. They're gonna validate it for you. You can even have them pre-build an entire rack or racks of these things and then validate your application on it before it ships to you. In fact, we've got a whole video that we did about that that was sponsored by Supermicro a little while back. Of course, this is LTT, my friends. So we, will be assembling this one ourselves. Do you like that spin of the screwdriver above the server? Don't worry, I won't miss. I'll never miss. See, I could do this a hundred times and I would never miss. No, it's fine, it's good. It's okay, we have seven more. Anywho, for our CPU, we've gone with an Epic Genoa 9534. This is a 64 core, 128 thread. Monster of a CPU. It'll do 3.7 gigahertz max boost. It has a quarter gigabyte of level three cache, a 300 watt TDP, it supports DDR5 memory, up to 12 channels, and it supports a whopping 128 lanes of PCIe Gen 5. Originally, we were intending to go with 32 core chips, but they were out of stock, so. Free upgrade. Lucky us. Compared to previous generation AMD EPYC CPUs, Genoa is a big step up in terms of IO performance, which makes it perfect for this application. And in the long term, I mean, if we've got all the extra CPU cores and a whole bunch of RAM anyway, why run Weka on the bare metal when we could install Proxmox and then use the other cores for, I don't know, high availability, Plex server. Yeah, or Linux ISOs. More realistically, it would be something like Active Directory. Yeah, which we don't really wanna do right now because if you run Active Directory on one server and it goes down, you're gonna have a really, really bad time. But if you run it on a bunch of servers. Yeah, it's great. So normally, server CPU coolers would come with their own thermal paste pre-applied, but since we're doing this ourselves and... If you look carefully, it's not the first time that it's been installed. We are gonna be using... Okay, thank you for that. A piece of Honeywell PTM 7950. This stuff is freaking awesome. It has great thermal transfer properties and it can handle varying temperatures. Like seriously, I don't remember how many cycles it is. Not even just varying, but like a lot of temperatures. Huge cycles for a very, very long time. Now available at lttstore.com. Is that big enough? Does that cover all of the CCDs and CCXs and CCWs? Oh, there's a second piece of plastic. Am I stupid? Is there a second piece of plastic? No, there isn't. Should I go put one in the fridge? No, no, no, it's totally fine. I've done this like a bunch of times now. Oh, she's mint. Look at that, see? Easy. I would recommend putting it in the fridge before you use it. All right. To ensure we're making the absolute most of our CPU, especially in this high throughput storage workload, we're gonna be populating all 12 of our memory channels with 32 gig DIMMs of DDR5 ECC running at 4,800 megatransfers per second. That's a total of 384. About three terabytes of memory. What? Across all eight. Oh. Each of the cables Jake's removing right now is a PCIe by eight cable that feeds two of the drive bays in the front. But the reason he's taking them out is so that we can install our boot drives. These are consumer grade. Each system is getting two Sabrent 512 gig Gen 3 rocket drives. And it's not because they're particularly special in any meaningful way. They're not even that fast by modern standards. But what they are is, from our experience, reliable enough, and they're fast enough for what we're going to be doing, which is just booting our operating system off of them. Movie magic. All of the other nodes are already built. So, What do you mean movie magic? Supermicro built them. Oh, I thought you built them. Supermicro built them for you. I took it apart. Okay, fine. I took that one apart. No secrets left anymore. Yep. No intrigue, no mystery. You know what is still mysterious is inside of here. I've actually never opened this before. (SPEAKER_02)Oh, okay, let's have a look. Woo! Holy s*** Oh, that's the power supplies. Yeah, this is so cool. So the whole computer is cooled by four fans. No way. There's the two power supply fans, and then these fans in their, what do they call this? Like IO module, I think is what they call it. Look at the blades on this thing, counter-rotating. You're serious? That's what you're looking at? Not this? The most delicate of spaghet. Oh my God. There's not even connectors. No. Every one of these wires is soldered directly to the back of the OCP 3.0. What? For storage, we're installing two of Kioxia's speedy CD6 Gen4 NVMe drives in each node. So we've got one that is seven terabytes and another one that is 15 terabytes. They're kind of placeholders for now. And in the long-term, we're gonna switch to something in the neighborhood of about four 15 terabyte drives per node. But the drives we wanna use are currently occupied by, oh, that project. By a top secret pastry related project. So that's gonna have to wait. The good news is that when those drives become available, Weka supports live upgrading and downgrading so we can just pull these drives, swap in the new ones, pull, swap, pull, swap, pull, swap. As long as we don't do it all at once. Are we ready to fire these things up? Okay, there's a lot going on here. What is that? Is that a switch? Yeah. Hey, look, you can see the button now. Oh, that's cool. Boop, boop, boop, boop, boop, boop. What you're hearing so far is just the Nvidia SN3700 32 port, 200 gig switch. Oh my God, it even says Mellanox on the front. I know, maybe it's an old like review sample and demo unit or something. No, we got it with the $1 million PC and I'm pretty sure that that was already Nvidia at that point. Can you hear that? You hear it getting louder? Whoa! That one's just excited to see you. This is the Weka dashboard. Maybe if I go over here, cluster servers, we can see all of our servers. We have two drives per and then chorus. This is a very interesting part of how Weka works. It's not like TrueNAS, let's say, where it just uses the whole CPU for whatever you're trying to do. They dedicate and like fence off specific cores for specific tasks. For instance, each drive gets a core. So we've got two drive containers. That means two cores. A full core per drive. Damn. You also have compute cores, which do like the parody calculation and the inter-cluster communication. And then there's front end, which you don't necessarily always have. Front end cores manage connecting to a file system. So if you just had drives and compute, you wouldn't be able to access the files on this machine. So you would have your backend servers, right? Those would run drives and compute, which is the cluster. And then on your like GPU box, you would run just the front end. And that would allow the GPU box to connect to the backend cluster servers. Oh, I see. But the backend cluster servers don't need to run a front end unless you wanna be able to access the files on that machine. Or from that machine, which we want to. Right. 'Cause we're using SMB. We're using it as a- A file server. Stupid NAS for our stupid Windows machines. You can also have a dedicated front-end machine. Yes. So if you had like a hundred back-end servers. But then that's adding a single point of failure, which is what we're trying to avoid. You could have multiple of them. They thought of that. I set it up so every single machine in the cluster, all eight of them are part of our SMB cluster, which means, It cannot go down. Realistically, there are a ton of other file systems out there that you could use for something like this. TrueNAS has their scale out set up for clustered ZFS, which only requires three nodes and is something we'd be quite interested in trying out. Or if you're looking for object storage, there's a million options, but the main open source one, MinIO, requires only four nodes. Though, when we saw how nuts Weka was when we set up the million dollar server cluster. I mean, we had to try it out for ourselves. And try it out, we did. So this is each node. Holy f***ing s***. Look, okay, the crazy thing is look at the read latency. (SPEAKER_02)Now guys, look, look, hold on, hold on, hold on. That's 70 gigabytes a second. We've seen numbers like this before, but we're talking with, in some cases, double the number of drives and- No file system. Without a file system. Like raw to each drive. This is- With a file system. With a file system over a network. And we're only using 100 gig ports. Like usually with a Weka setup like this, you'd probably use 200 gig. Well, yeah, 'cause we were, oh my God, we didn't know. 'Cause we didn't even have networking as a factor last time. All the drives were in one box. I know, I know. This is networking too. And the crazy part is we're not using RDMA. This is like some fancy, what's it called? DPDK, I think is the library. This is wild. Yeah, look at that. Read latency, 131 microseconds. That's 4 million read IOPS with a latency of one millisecond average. Are we able to keep using WekaFS? This is a trial. The software is quite expensive. This is unreal. 4 million IOPS. This is, it is unreal. It's way more than we could possibly ever need. But it's cool. It's so cool. Don't they support tiering and everything? Oh yeah, here, I'll show you actually what that looks like. This is on mother vault, which I think right now has 400 tebibytes left. So let's say max capacity is 400 terabytes. Now, once we run out of the hundred terabytes of SSD capacity, which you can see here. It'll just- It'll tier. I mean, it automatically tiers anyways, and you do need to make sure that your object store is at least the same size as the flash or bigger, because they're gonna automatically tier everything to it. That makes sense. So in theory, we move, manually copy everything from Vault. One time. To Weka one time, because it stores in like 64 megabyte chunks. And then it just stays there forever. Stays there forever. And then we just have one network share, and when something, needs to get vaulted, you just, you just move it from like, you just allow it to decay. Yeah, you would probably move it from pending projects to like done or something like that. We make a folder for done. Yeah, sure. And then it will just do it automatically. Wow. Or if it's a video that like somebody was working on and then, you know, it's been on hold for three months and we shot, you know. It'll decay. Half a terabyte of footage, it will just go away. And then when we're ready to work on it, it'll promote it back up. we could net boot off of this. Follow up video. Yeah, I mean, why not? It's so fast. So fast. You literally could not, we couldn't saturate this. Now, a lot of you at this point must be thinking, gosh, mister, that's an awful lot of computers for high availability. Couldn't you do this with two? And you're not that far off. The old school high availability NetApp storage appliances, like that one we looked at recently, did have just two machines. But those were both connected to the same storage drives. If each system has its own drives, when things can get out of sync, like let's say if one machine has downtime, you can run into a situation where each system believes with all the conviction in its heart that it has the correct data. And then if all you have is two, how will they decide who's right? This is typically referred to as split brain. And that's why the majority of high availability systems have at bare minimum three servers. This allows the third system to be a tiebreaker of sorts in the case of a disagreement. Now in our case, Weka, that stupid ultra-fast file system that we're using, which unlike anything that we've used before, has been built specifically for NVMe drives, not hard drives. Well, it requires a minimum of six nodes with a recommendation of eight, but running Weka can still be an advantage. Video editing with Adobe Premiere, like we use, is very latency sensitive, and even a small delay when going to access a clip can be enough to make the software crash. So any improvement there is huge, not to mention that a pair of these grand twins spec'd out to the max with 128-core Epic Bergamo CPUs. Would get you just four rack units with a thousand CPU cores, actually a little more, 24 terabytes of DDR5, and up to three petabytes of NVMe storage. I mean, heh, that makes our setup seem downright reasonable. Now, the average Weka customers are gonna be a little more demanding than us. Visual effects studios, AI developers, genomics labs, all the folks out there that need stupid fast, low latency storage. And Weka showed us screenshots of clusters that were reading in excess of one terabyte per second consistently. Obviously, that was a bigger cluster, but it shows you what can be achieved with this kind of hardware running on, I mean, what used to be the crappier option, software RAID. Man, I feel bad even calling it that these days. I had a interesting idea with the Supermicro folks. So you know how we have like two petabytes of 13 years worth of footage? Thousands and thousands of hours of footage, thousands. It's really cool that we have it, but it's really hard to use, unless you just happen to know what video the thing you were looking for is in. But what if you could just like search for something? Linus Sebastian, I want every clip with Linus Sebastian. Wow, bam, look at that. Shut up. And let's say, you know, there's this one. That's detected that it's you throughout the entire clip. Yeah, you're in a chair. So you could search for clips of Linus sitting down, with a keyboard. Like we're gonna be able to actually find stuff. Yeah, right now there is a finite amount of objects that are trained. I mean- Chihuahua. Let me scroll through this. It's a lot. Eventually you'll be able to train it and tell it, "Hey, this is what a computer fan looks like." Or, "This is what an SSD looks like." Oh my God, that is so cool. So wait, is this running on these extra CPU cores? Okay, no, not right now. Faces and logos are running on CPU. Objects, OCR, and scenes run on GPU. Got it. But they're not running on any of those machines. They're running on a GPU workstation that's Supermicro sent that's sitting at my desk. It was heavy. Anyways, what is happening on that new server is proxies. Because if we were to analyze the original clips, A, formatting is a huge problem. When you go into an AI model, it might not necessarily support the codec that you're filming in. Sure. But also, clips are like hundreds of megabytes a second, potentially. That would take forever. So instead, it generates proxies of everything first, which we're dumping. to that new server. And then we can take advantage of the lightning-fast storage, plus the massive compute, and we can basically create, like, a proxy map of what everything is in the main archive. That is so cool! So far, I've generated 2.6 terabytes of proxies, which might not sound like a lot, but they're only 5 megabit. So it's actually, like, a lot. This is gonna be a flippin' game-changer. News, sports... Yeah! Can you imagine your CNN? You want that person wearing a red tie? Yeah! But right now, we've done 25,000, so 2.6 terabytes is 25,000 proxies. Okay, well, let's try and find something. Oh, hold on. Once you've generated a proxy, you have to then analyze it, right? Ah. So the analysis is not done. No, not even close. I've analyzed 22 clips. Okay, everything with Elijah. Elijah. And this is the every clip that Elijah's in. And you can even see This is the actual MAM, as they call it. Media Asset Manager. Yeah. The actual AI guys built this before it was like AI as far as I'm aware. Back when you would have had to make comments like this manually, now it's just AI. So all of the data is in here now. And we can see here's Adam. And Elijah. Oh, that's so cool. Here's all the different objects. Chair, flower pot, microphone. Oh, let me show you the scene understanding thing because that is so cool. This is like a brand new thing. They barely even worked it in. But it basically... No! It basically takes a snapshot every few seconds. Oh my god. Two men are working on a project in a room. There is a speaker, stereo equipment, there's a faucet, there's a tripod. There's the tripod. Some of these are a little less accurate. Two men are working on a robot in a room. It kind of looks like a robot, you know? I mean, yeah, sure. Two men are in a workshop looking at a laptop computer, looking at a machine. There is person Alex Clark. So this is just running right now in real time. Like, more stuff is getting processed as we sit here. Hey, see right here? Processing logos. There it is. Processing logos and faces. It's gonna take a while. Yeah, it's gonna take forever. They're still working on making it function on multiple GPUs. So once we can get it running on like four GPUs, say one GPU is doing face detection, one's doing scene analysis, one's doing object detection or something like that, we'll be able to go a lot faster, but right now it's just one GPU. But this is so cool. All that's left is to deploy it. Linus had to run away to do some other stuff, so I've hired some backup cavalry. Shawn, our infrastructure administrator, except we've run into a bit of a problem. Linus and me in our infinite wisdom while we were making this rack so much better, ran a bunch of cables right where we need to put the server. Did we just start unplugging s***? No. Yeah. How are we even gonna do this? We have to like part the seas. I know, exactly. I started to try to move some of the cables out of the way, but they're all twisted together. So hopefully the LTT cable management thing, which you can finally get at lttstore.com will save us. Beautiful, cable managed. We can slide a server in there now, I hope. You're in? Yeah, it's in. Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, ow. Okay, you're good. Just go. That wasn't so bad. Next. Hey, we're in. Now we just have to run a million cables. Uh-oh, let's see. Do you notice anything different? Well, it's loud. Most of that's actually just the vent is on. One of the air conditioners is broken again. But do you notice anything different? I mean, the sticker's here. That sticker's been there for years. Seriously, you haven't noticed anything else? Well, you guys screwed something onto the, oh, did you put sauna pan behind it? But I thought this is supposed to be a vented door. My original plan. Was to get rid of the vent that you put in. But that vent was there as a backup in case the HVAC ever failed.Which is fine. It still works. So that fan is the exhaust and that's the intake. You see all the gaps? Oh my God. There's gaps. But do you notice the sound difference? Yeah, that's a big difference. It's huge. But that server is so loud. We basically ended up where we started. Yeah, but that's okay. I was just trying to normalize. I just mean, I didn't make it worse. It's not that. Look at that. Cute, right? God, that's a lot of metal. If all goes to plan, we could get rid of this and this and just have these. So no more additional rack taken up, which is nice. It should sustain two entire servers dropping out without anyone even noticing. Do you really want to test it right now? The fact that all the fans just like turned down a bit is a little scary. Let's go see if anyone noticed. Oh, hi Mark. Hi. I'm holding your file server. How's your edit going? Uh, what, huh? Is it working? It's working. Is this on wifi? Hey Emily. Hey. I'm holding your server. That's cool. Everything's working. Are you sure? Hoffmann. What's up? This is your server right here. It's amazing. Look, feel it. It's still warm. Wow. Yeah, it's still warm. Well, how's it working? It's great. You know, I'm editing the video that we're shooting. You are? Yeah. We're gonna pull another one. Oh wait, no, Linus, you forgot one. Yeah, here. Here you go. Here's another one of your servers. It's great though. For reference, you're not supposed to do this. You should power off the system first, but we're just trying to simulate it failing. Yeah, a terrible catastrophic failure. I can't believe how smoothly it handled that. See all the lights. They never stopped blinking. Big thanks to Supermicro for these awesome servers. Thanks to Weka for making this crazy software. Thanks to axel.ai for the awesome AI detection. If you liked this video, maybe check out the video series of us building our nearly three petabytes of archival storage, which we call the mother vault. That thing is awesome. And we showed it to you and it's faster now. Oh, and thanks to you for being an awesome viewer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @jasonoesch4652 [2 likes]: 11:30 ahh yess, Kioxia‘s speedy seedy 6 drives
  2. @laurinatortv [1 likes]: Pls make a video finally fixing the cable managment in the serverroom
  3. @genixia: Redundancy and resilience is worthwhile, but your network capacity is total overkill. I ran a lab for 50 software engineers with redundant 10G links between redundant cores and distributed stack switches at top-of-rack. Never saw a link sustain even 10% usage for more than a couple of seconds. Admittedly all of the engineers were sitting on 1G links in the office (thanks IT! 😭) and many of the systems they were working with were 1G too, but all the VM servers were 10G and the blade system had lots of 10G, as did the SAN.
  4. @bddd3333: Single mode = efficiency delivers 30km, Multimode Quality and short distance for a house Qfsp Nvidia Spark or network cards to move files between another PC at USB 4.0 speed, the Ti XikeStor Gamer Router L3 Switch with 6x 40G + 2x 100G and like a USB 4.0 for more than one computer, so any PC on the network using them transfers files as if it were a USB 4.0 dock but connected to multiple PCs, but it would be even cooler to have a XikeStor L3 Switch with 6x 40G + 2x 100G.
  5. @khanmohammadkaif04: bro i saw the ram. he has got ram !!!!!! the ram itself costs more than the server lol🤣🤣
  6. @0_grid: Still trying to understand how storage server works. Does it really need that much RAM? if yes, for caching of recent/frequently used files?
  7. @VictorKaneOfficial: can you do a follow up on the clip ai thing at 22:00 ? That's super interesting
  8. @wooftubeyt: "pastry related project" ... says the guy who calculated like 200 trillion digits of pi
  9. @pierrekin: Ahh screaming at my pc, those aren't just wires, those are tiny coax cables, incredible! 11:28
  10. @weirdg: it just hit me that at 11:49 they were talking about the world record PI calculation
  11. @CaseyR89: 512 cores, 10kW, 100gb networking, and 3TB of RAM...for a NAS
  12. @kylemiller769: Ive had alot of bad jobs. Standing guard at a server cage would be the worst.
  13. @px794: Err, you've a typo in your title. By saying wont, you're implying it will break 'is wont to'. An apostrophe would change the meaning completely.
  14. @datasleek7950: I agree it’s overkill for your application. These machines are not designed for video storage.
  15. @arjuncsk414: Imagine what WekaFS could do with Micron's PCIe 6.0 SSDs. A single SSD would exhaust a 200Gbps port.
  16. @TheXnocf: USB Unknown slots back-end. Wtf are those connections?
  17. @weykn: how does one mess up cable management that much
  18. @justgame5508: The AI indexing and vector search of old videos is awesome!
  19. @rays3761: Linus is the type to test in prod while his coworkers watch in horror hoping he won't make more work 😂
  20. @hasinoltabar1925: at minute 23.05 you better remove that frame where it says intel israel trip.....people get angry AF when we see people or companies spending money on the genocide country. FREE PALESTINA . watch out with who you side Linux, could have a BIG financial impact on YOU !

- 15 WAYS TO REDUCE YOUR CARBON FOOTPRINT AT HOME: Kind: captions Language: en Looking for practical ways to reduce your carbon footprint from home? Or maybe you’re wondering what a carbon footprint even is? Don’t worry. I got you. Hey y’all hey it’s Ashley Renne and welcome to my sustainable lifestyle and tech channel. I regularly post videos about my smart home, electric car, and other topics related to sustainability so if you’re into that kind of thing, subscribe and hit the notification bell so you never miss a new video. Now today’s video is all about reducing your carbon footprint while you’re in the comfort of your home. So what is a carbon footprint anyway? Basically it’s the total amount of greenhouse gas emissions (like carbon dioxide and methane) that are generated by our every day actions. These growing levels of carbon dioxide, methane, and other pollutants have a huge impact on people and the environment in many ways so here are 15 ways you can reduce your carbon footprint at home! CARBON OFFSETS Tip #1 is to Support Businesses that Offset Your Carbon Emissions. Anytime you buy a product you increase your carbon footprint because of the carbon emissions that were generated to create that product and deliver it to you. However, sustainable companies like Peet’s Coffee, can help you make up for that carbon footprint by offsetting it. Peet’s Coffee has a curated subscription that sponsors carbon-absorbing mangrove trees for each delivery that is sent to you. This is huge. A big part of fighting climate change is finding ways to remove carbon from the atmosphere, and studies show Mangrove trees are storing 3-5x more carbon dioxide than rainforests.! So if you’re a coffee drinker, which many of you are, you can help fight climate change just by switching to another brand of coffee. Peet’s Coffee is the first coffee subscription that offsets carbon emissions. For each monthly subscription delivery, they’ll sponsor three mangrove trees to offset your carbon dioxide emissions for that month. They even send you the exact coordinates of the mangrove trees you helped sponsor. You can watch them grow with Google Maps and know that they’ll be absorbing carbon dioxide for years to come. I think that’s so dope! Companies need to do their part to create sustainable products for us to consume and the more we support the companies who are doing that, the more pressure we put on other companies to hop on board. So that’s why my very first tip in this video is to support brands that are accountable for their actions to the environment and really making that effort to become more sustainable. And in this case, you get to support great hand roasted coffee, a great organization, and be socially responsible at the same time. Now let’s talk about energy consumption at home. My 2nd tip is to install solar panels on your house. I know it sounds like a big change to make, but I promise you this is where things are headed. Solar power is more affordable, accessible, and prevalent in the United States than ever before. You should get it because solar energy&nbsp;creates clean, renewable power from the sun. It’s an eco-friendly alternative to fossil fuels that reduces your carbon footprint at home and lowers greenhouse gases around the world. Tip 3 is to use energy-efficient insulation in your home that reduces the exchange of heat, so that less cool air escapes your house in the summer, and less warm air escapes during the winter. The Environmental Production Agency estimates that homeowners can save about 15 percent on heating and cooling costs by air sealing their homes and adding insulation in attics and floors over crawl spaces and basements. Tip 4 in the energy category is to use energy-efficient smart tech. I give plenty of ideas in my Ultimate Smart Home Tour video, like smart blinds that help you maximize natural light usage, smart fans that help regulate the temperature of your house, smart plugs that prevent your appliances from leeching energy when they aren’t in use, and a ton of other examples. So make sure to peep that video to see some ways we use smart technology to reduce our carbon footprint. The next category I want to explore is water usage. Which brings me to Tip #5 – get a rain barrel. Rain barrels capture water from your roof and store it for later use such as to water your lawn, gardens or indoor plants. Rain barrels not only help reduce runoff pollution that contaminate our waterways, but also help reduce the amount of water entering the overloaded storm sewers in your area. Tip 6 is a pretty straightforward one. Take shorter showers. Taking a long shower every day uses a lot more water than you think. According to Home Water Works, the average American shower uses 15.8 gallons of water and lasts for about 7.8 minutes on average. Tip 7 is to use your dishwasher. Contrary to popular belief, a dishwasher is more sustainable than handwashing because usually dishwashers use less water. To be the most water-efficient, make sure you only run your dishwasher with a full load, run it on the shortest cycle setting, and don’t run the pre-rinse. Ok let’s move into a new home category. The food in your kitchen. Tip 8 is to cook plant-based meals. I’ve been vegan since 2016 and could talk for hours about all the benefits, but for this video, I want to point out the giant carbon footprint of meat and dairy, which is responsible for roughly 15% of global greenhouse gas emissions and that’s a conservative estimate. Eating a vegan diet can significantly lower your environmental impact. Meat and dairy products require a lot of land, water and energy to produce. They also create a lot of methane, which is a greenhouse gas. Animal agriculture is extremely water-intensive.&nbsp;Beef is typically regarded as the most water-intensive food item, requiring an average of nearly 1,800 gallons of water for 1 pound of beef. Tip 9 in the kitchen category is to compost. When you throw away food, it enters landfills where it rots and generates methane emissions. Composting is an eco-friendly way to prevent this kind of polluting food waste. Plus composting is free, doesn’t use energy to produce, and provides nutrients for your outdoor garden. Tip 10 is to grow your own food. As I said earlier, anytime you buy a product, carbon is emitted during its production and transport. The more food you grow, the less new food you buy, and the lower your carbon footprint. I even regrow store bought food from scraps. Check out my video on regrowing scallions to see an example of an easy one to try. The next home category is laundry. A lot of resources go into doing laundry. It releases not just dirt into the water and environment, but also detergent chemicals and synthetic fragrances, genetically modified enzymes, carbon dioxide and microplastics. So Tip 11 is to use plant-based detergents or make your own. Look for labels that indicate a product is biodegradable and phosphate-free, and is plant-based instead of petroleum-based, which means it’s healthier for the planet, from production all the way to the rinse cycle.&nbsp; Tip 12 – stop using fabric softener and dryer sheets. Not only is it an unnecessary added expense to your laundry routine, those scented softeners and sheets contain hazardous chemicals and the production of these chemicals increases your carbon footprint. Tip 13 is use cold water when doing laundry. A good chunk of the energy needed to do a load of laundry goes into heating the water. Using cold water saves energy and will save on your electric bill too. Lastly let’s take a look at the carbon footprint of our closets. Tip 14 is to stop buying fast fashion, consume less fashion in general, and avoid impulse purchases. According to the UN, the fashion industry accounts for about 10% of global carbon emissions and 20% of wastewater. Finally Tip 15 is to shop second-hand, buy vintage, and/or rent clothing. This helps extend the use of clothing items and cuts down on new purchases. That’s all I got for today, but I think it was plenty to get you started. If you liked this video make sure you give it a thumbs up and subscribe for more sustainable lifestyle videos just like this. I’ll catch ya next week in a new video and until then, stay green y’all.

  Top Comments:
  1. @axelkunyu3960 [3 likes]: Reducing carbon footprints at your home not only helps in cost reduction but also in saving our planet life. Very good tips Ashley
  2. @Dr.Pepper001 [2 likes]: I reduce my carbon footprint by holding in my farts.
  3. @HeyAshleyRenne [1 likes]: What else would you add to this list? 🌎
  4. @larrycobb2259 [1 likes]: Have you ever seen a lithium mine lithium is what they use to make the batteries for that Tesla
  5. @KJSvitko [1 likes]: Climate Change is making weather events more extreme.
India, China, Japan, US,  and Australia  need to do more to reduce use of fossil fuels.
They must stop building and financing more coal fossil fuels power plants. 
Time to go all in on wind and solar energy and electric vehicles. 
Fossil fuels are a bad investment for people and the planet.
Investors are divesting from fossil fuels. ESG investing is growing.
  6. @lindapirtle4282: Way to go Vegan! ❤❤❤❤
  7. @roygreenwood79: Get shut of CO2  and you kill off plant's as they need it to photosynthesis and produce oxygen 😅😅😅
As for methane it has an atmospheric half life of about 6 to 7 day's 😊 
So take your electric car it produces about 3 times the CO2 over its lifetime than a conventional ICE car ,solar panels only 28% efficient and aren't recyclable same as wind turbine blade's, you fool's don't realise it but you're increasing the CO2 faster than ever before with all this BS .
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  8. @leonardothomson9567: Great video
  9. @prachibarot3003: How to reduce carbon in industry?
  10. @miket7184: Should rename this video "How to Show Some Cleavage in the Thumbnail Photo as Clickbait!" 😂😂
  11. @patarata1661: Loving how useful and varied these tips are!
  12. @ryanpayne6215: That idea could work of pushing him to it but I want to extend because after a while they will start pushing they can push back if you start doing damage to the business they can show you which process is damaged you buy a can you have to pay the money and I can be a lot of money to
  13. @TheNewTravel: Nice tips Ashley! I tried regrowing veggies for the first time this year 🙂
  14. @vlad.vision: You stay dropping gems! 😌👌🏾 Appreciate you! 🙌🏾
  15. @ecospider5: Water saving shower head please.
  16. @DDXP1: I want to get into composting.  I’ve heard a lot about it, I’ve just never done it.    Imma learn more.  Get video, Ashley.  Your videos are always a pleasure to watch and I love your energy.
  17. @Francisco_Manos: Great Tips, thanks for the video.
  18. @dreadnought74: that Bambi-esque shot in the forest fire b-roll 😭

another great video, Ashley!
  19. @KJSvitko: Great video and tips. More influencers should speak up about Climate Change and educate the public. Individuals, politicians and corporations all need to do more to protect the planet from climate change. 
Support environmentally friendly products and companies. Stop using fossil fuels. Stop using pesticides, add solar energy to your home or business, buy an electric vehicle, eat more fruit and vegetables and less meat and dairy, plant a tree, recycle everything. Every adult and child should own a bicycle and ride it regularly. Donate to non profits fighting for a better future. Support and elect climate leaders. Every child should plant a tree, bush or flowers wiith a parent or teacher. It will help connect them to nature and the environment. .Leave a better future for your children and grandchildren
  20. @KJSvitko: An energy efficient home is more comfortable and saves money in the long run.
Added insulation, triple glaze windows, energy efficient doors, energy efficient heating and cooling systems, energy efficient appliances, LED lighting, solar panels combined with battery storage and a electric vehicle charger in the garage or car park. People are too focused on the short term costs and miss out on long term savings and comfort. Blower door testing and air sealing are under appreciated tools.Even if you have money to burn you should not waste it.  Climate Change will impact everyone. Leave a better future for your children and grandchildren. Join in and speak up for the future of the planet.

- 3 Ways to Reduce Your Home’s Chemical Footprint: Kind: captions Language: en look under any sink in America and you'll find an arsenal of household cleaners designed to wipe out certain germs but while these products make countertop Sparkle we don't realize the other effects they could be having on both our health and on our planet that's right Jimmy Rose looks at how to reduce your home chemical footprint and that's our featured story at the top of the list you might use Google for search for maps or even as your planner a single way to manage your day and now with it's your plan your planet initiative Google's sharing ways to lead a more sustainable life giving people easy tips and tricks that they can use at home to drive more sustainable impact in their daily lives Google sustainability officer Kate Brandt says part of going green is to stop stocking our pantry like a science lab there's some really great opportunities at home to reduce the amount of chemicals that we're using we're running down ways to lower your home's chemical footprint starting with cleaning products your glass cleaner or your dishwasher fluid or your soap you can get entirely chemical free versions of these products that actually work really well natural products have gotten way easier to find on store shelves brands like seventh generation they have great products they clean well and then you're not bringing those chemicals into the home so it's really a win-win and when cleaning avoid sprays a study by the University of Bergen in Norway found that after 20 years professional cleaners who regularly use sprays had reduced lung function equivalent to smoking 20 cigarettes a day so add cleaning products to a bucket of water instead the next chemical culprit in your home cosmetics beauty products like our lotions or our bath soaps or even makeup the FDA recently issued a safety alert about cosmetics that contained asbestos the good news your face is less likely to catch fire while you wear it from soaps to lotions to deodorants there's some really great options out there now that are entirely natural that still do a great job and it's yet another way to keep some of those chemicals out of the home one of Kate's favorites is a o organic makes sense the final chemical culprit is a little surprising its water the average American household uses about three big sized swimming pools of water every year when all that water goes down the drain it winds up in wastewater treatment plants which emit greenhouse gases including carbon dioxide and nitrous oxide so reducing water use lowers your chemical footprint and it can be easy don't wash your dishes by hand put them in the dishwasher it's easy and you'll save water and you'll save on your water bills sounds like a trade up to me reducing your home's chemical footprint is at the top of the list [Music]

- How to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint | Sustainability Tips | WWF: Kind: captions Language: en-GB In this video, we're going to share four ways. You can reduce your environmental footprint. But first, what is your footprint? Your footprint is made up of all the things you do that impact the planet. That includes the food you eat, the energy you use, the things you buy, the way you travel, all of it. Now you can calculate how big your footprint is using our footprint calculator, but for now, let's get cracking. Number one Change what you eat. A large proportion, around a quarter of all of our greenhouse gas emissions come from our food system. Meat and dairy have a much higher carbon footprint than plant-based food. So one of the best things you can do for our planet to reduce your footprint, is to adopt a more plant-based diet. So by eating a healthy and balanced diet that consists of more varieties of vegetables, beans, and grains, is one of the greatest ways you can reduce your footprint. And if you do eat meat and fish then look out for more sustainable sources as these tend to have a much lower environmental footprint than intensive farming. Consider buying locally and seasonally, and try not to waste the food that you do buy. Globally around a quarter of all food that's bought isn’t eaten, and this contributes 8 to 10% of all greenhouse gas emissions. So think about that next time you see an old bag of salad in the fridge. Number two Change what you buy. A pretty good mantra to live by is reduce, reuse, recycle. Every product you buy has a life cycle. So consider buying things that are actually built to last, and consider thrifting or buying secondhand where you can. Another great way of trying to reduce your footprint is to check out labels and signs for sustainably sourced products. On paper, that's the FSC logo. And once you've finished using a product, check to see if it can be recycled, rather than sent to landfill. Products sent to landfill are responsible for harmful toxins being released, and greenhouse gas emissions. These take centuries to break down. So what might seem convenient in the moment only builds up problems for future generations. Number three Change how you travel. Travelling often takes up a significant proportion of a person's footprint. Consider traveling by train, or cycling, instead of taking the car to reduce your emissions. Reducing flying can also have a huge impact on your footprint. Recent times has shown us you don't need to travel far to have great experiences. So consider holidaying in the UK or consider taking the train or a boat to your destination instead. If flying is your only option, then carbon offsetting is a credible and accredited scheme. Look out for gold standard accredited projects. Number four Switch to clean energy. The energy we use in our homes are responsible for more than 20% of all greenhouse gas emissions in the UK. So switching to a renewable energy provider is a great way to reduce your footprint and support the green economy. Simple things like switching off your lights when you're not in the room, and not leaving devices on standby are the great ways to reduce your footprint. We know now more than ever how connected we all are, how our actions impact the people around us, and how their actions impact us. So while individual actions like switching to more sustainable habits in your everyday life might seem small, actually, collectively, they make all the difference in the world. Doing what you can to reduce your footprint, talking to friends and family about it, calling for policy change. It all adds up, and before long you're part of a movement of people that governments and businesses simply can't ignore. And when that happens, businesses are forced to reduce their footprints. And governments bring in laws that make it easier for businesses and individuals to reduce their footprint too. And it all begins with a single step. There's even an app for that! Check out WWF's My Footprint app, which breaks down your footprint into simple challenges that you can take on. Join a community of people who are also doing their bit to live more sustainably, and discover how you can make a difference one step at a time. Link in the description below. So that's it for today's video. We hope you enjoyed and you found it informative. So make sure you subscribe, so you never miss a video.

  Top Comments:
  1. @SustainabilitySimplyPut [5 likes]: Thanks for this great informative video! Yes. small things can make a difference. At least they can be the seed to bigger contributions.
  2. @zoryaprilova54 [3 likes]: This is genuenly helpful. I took the quiz and was wondering how i could lower my footprint. I am so glad you guys made this video❤️❤️❤️
  3. @wvmann9320 [2 likes]: It starts with common sense. Turn the light off when you leave a room. Recycle metals. Use reusable bottles. Food shop at farmers markets. Compost your food waste. Use logistical common sense when you run errands to put less miles on your car.
  4. @UmbraSolisDominus [1 likes]: Thanks for being such a reliable source of helpful content.
  5. @ShadowBlazeHunter [1 likes]: Thanks for breaking this down so well, it was super helpful.
  6. @Quickstop92 [1 likes]: How do you only blink with one eye
  7. @giancolijabour [1 likes]: Please make the app available worldwide! Ty
  8. @dougdanciger9 [1 likes]: I wants had a plastic bottle with mom and it might’ve been the last time I ever had one well except for times with the donuts I had. I really need bottles that are not made of plastic plastic is extremely cheap and it’s used by too many people already. I really want to save the earth earth is the only planet that supports life. The only way we can reduce plastic is by products that are not made from plastic because plastic is made of so many things that cannot be recycled to the point where we dropped him off like waste what a waste that we destroy or I want to have a cleaner planet a cleaner planet means a cleaner world plastic has never been made before by any living thing.
  9. @lauragusoiu556 [1 likes]: My name is Diana. I'm in grade six student doing online school. In class we are learning about where all our plastic goes after we put it in the magical blue bin. I am writing this letter to you because we saw a documentary about where all our plastic goes after we put it in the blue bin as I explained before, and I do not like the way we deal with our plastic. I strongly disagree with this form or way or whatever you would call it. Let me tell you a little secret, instead of saving the Earth as you are telling every single one of your citizens, you are polluting. I am very sure you know this, but why did you not want to tell us? Why don't you want to stop it? Why aren't you recycling our plastic? Why aren't you telling your citizens the truth? Are you afraid that if you tell us your citizens that only 9% of our plastic is getting recycled that will leave your country? They will go on a strike? That will dethrone you? That you'll lose our respect?  We will be filled with rage and disgust. I say it's best that you act now, while you still can, while we still vouch for you, while we still respect you. Young children are getting sick because the air is polluted with all the toxics that plastic releases when it burns. There are more burnt forests because the burning plastic sets it on fire, animals are dying, because we are setting their habitat on fire. Not only children are getting sick but adults too. Their water has bits of plastic. How does that make you feel? upset? did you know? Did you not know? You were probably going to say “there is no solution for that “. Sorry, and just leave it at that I'm not wrong, am I? but what if I tell you that there's a solution? what if we use less plastic? what if we reuse or actually recycle the plastic? The question is why didn't you just do that from the start?
  10. @ms.teaschannel8745 [1 likes]: Love what you''ve have done!
  11. @maryb7596: Insulate your home, especially if it was built before 1980.   I live in Minneapolis and 23% of the houses do not have wall insulation.   (Source:   Truth in Sale of Housing data).   The average house here produces more CO2 than the average car.
  12. @sumansagar9532: I came in scared and left feeling overqualified.
  13. @MontyFarringdon: Wow very useful video
  14. @Peteyjames: I feel selfish sometimes. Being that a human life has the MOST negative impact on the environment.
Nobody credible debates this fact.
The act of having offspring contributes the most to greenhouse gasses. 
Having kids is extremely selfish now that we know the facts.
Please change my mind.
  15. @Tasfiwaazadd: Just what I needed today, thank you!
  16. @MrGred54: How do I increase my carbon footprint?
  17. @katehillier1027: I will NEVER join WWF.
  18. @WildlifeUKNatureByGlenO: In his lifetime, it has been estimated Sir
David Attenborough has travelled 1.9 million miles - the equivalent of flying around the world 763
times - and has made almost 400 trips to
94 different countries. 28 Dec 2020 "just saying" Oh and by the way does Carter Roberts need to extract from the WWF £748,397 earnings per year? WWF?!?¿$€¥££££
  19. @PhilipPedro2112: Death of Mother Nature Suite: https://youtu.be/rBhzbBVugts
  20. @cerilewispierce868: 🥰

- Top 5 Easy Ways to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint: Kind: captions Language: en Top five ways individuals can reduce their carbon footprint. Discover practical strategies that can help lower your personal impact on the environment. These easy to follow steps are designed for everyday life, making it possible for anyone to contribute to a healthier planet. One, choose sustainable transportation. Opt for walking, biking, or public transit whenever possible. Car pooling and using fuel efficient vehicles also cut down on greenhouse gas emissions. By reducing reliance on personal vehicles, you not only save money but also help decrease air pollution in your community. Two, reduce energy use at home. Switch off lights and unplug devices when not in use. Upgrade to energyefficient appliances and use LED bulbs. Simple habits like adjusting your thermostat and sealing drafts can make a big difference in household energy consumption directly lowering your carbon footprint. Three, eat more plant-based foods. Incorporate more plant-based meals into your diet. Producing meat, especially beef and lamb, generates significantly more greenhouse gases than growing fruits, vegetables, or grains. By eating less meat and dairy, you help conserve resources and reduce emissions. Four, cut down on waste. Reduce, reuse, and recycle daily items to limit what ends up in landfills. Composting food scraps, choosing reusable bags, and buying products with less packaging all help minimize waste. These simple actions support a circular economy and conserve energy. Five, support renewable energy. Whenever possible, choose green power options from your utility or consider solar panels if feasible. Supporting renewable energy sources like wind and solar reduces dependence on fossil fuels, helping to shrink your overall carbon footprint. Every step counts. Even small changes can add up when many individuals take action. By adopting these simple habits, you can make a real difference in protecting the environment for current and future generations. [Music]

- 10 Easy Ways to Reduce Your Carbon Footprint at Home: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music]

- How I manage my time with full time job, freelance & side hustles ☕️: Kind: captions Language: en in 2019 i work as a product designer full-time once i've gotten the hang of things i had new goals i wanted to earn more income and expand my knowledge outside of my job so i took on freelance work two years later the pandemic happened i started a youtube channel and it blew up three months after that i created digital products to escape the rat race i was juggling a full-time job freelance work youtube and creating digital products on the site but i find myself with a problem i don't have enough time we all have the same 24 hours in a day minus eight hours of sleep eight hours of working in your full-time job three to six hours to cook eat poop run errands do house chores commute spend time with friends and family that leaves me with less than three hours of free time in a day how could i possibly pull this off all the productivity hacks in the world can't help you if you don't know why you're doing what you're doing in the beginning i made a huge mistake i thought that checking off to-do lists and filling out my calendar with busy work is the way to go i had burnout yes i got a hundred things done but none of them brought me closer to my goals so don't dive into your to-do list just yet ask yourself what is important to you what are the things that will bring you fulfillment and a sense of purpose i wrote down my short term goals these goals are my compass to make sure i don't get distracted by shiny objects that come my way then i break down my goals into smaller manageable tasks it should not be goals that are set because of other people's expectations of you i've also made another mistake back then i was greedy and putting more goals than i could handle so this made me really overwhelmed and in the end i got nowhere so please don't make the same mistake as i did so how do i find the time and energy to do all these things the principle is simple eliminate to create more time and energy even if we have all the money in the world we still cannot buy time and energy the less time and energy you spend on things that don't bring you closer to your goals the sooner you reach your goals i said no to the things that irrelevant to my goals as a freelancer i no longer take on each and every project that comes my way i always remember to protect my time i stopped watching tv during high school if you spend two hours a day watching tv that's 730 hours a year that could have been invested somewhere else and by learning how to say no i created time for myself to work on side projects like this youtube channel and learning new skills now in case you're wondering i did more of the things that gave me energy as well i did not quit entertainment cold turkey occasionally i still play games i still watch netflix and i still go shopping i'm happiest when i spend time with my family and friends so work life balance is possible i also cut down on the activities that drain me when i was a full-time employee i try to keep every meeting short and efficient so that i still have time to actually get work done and protect my energy as a freelancer i would set my clients expectations that i will only be available for meetings on certain times in a week i said no to unreasonable deadlines i also avoid clients who micromanage reducing interruptions helped me stay focused for a longer period of time i disable irrelevant phone notifications sometimes all you need to do is just to sit down and get to work social media is designed to hook you to keep you coming back and stay engaged while likes and comments do give you some dopamine hits it doesn't really help you stay focused for a long time i also unsubscribe to irrelevant emails every email is a to-do item that requires our attention so i only subscribe to a handful of newsletters that i feel that really brings value to my life i also eliminated commute from my life by working from home i understand that this doesn't apply to everyone but if possible negotiate with your employer or find a job that allows you to work from home the amount of time you can save by eliminating commute and eliminating decisions on what to wear is really game changing i also stopped keeping up with messages i realized i don't need to read every single message in a group chat or to scroll through every single social media feed because if something is really important to me it will come to me directly these are the time management techniques and mindset i applied every single day i allow myself to procrastinate now this sounds like terrible advice but hear me out procrastination is a signal that you should either eliminate delegate or outsource the task in other words i allow myself to procrastinate but i also make sure i reflect on why i procrastinate and what can i do about it to make sure i'm motivated to do the things that i'm supposed to do one thing i never procrastinate though is to make sure i'm making progress towards my goals that is a non-negotiable i created repeatable systems for repeat work for example when i get the same questions over and over again i turn my replies into templates or make a video like this one and i never sacrifice sleep a clear mind is essential i wake up after 9 00 am and i sleep 8 to 10 hours a day sometimes even more i also practice a synchronous communication for example if i want to share a design revision to a client i record a loom video instead of calling a meeting this saves me so much time i also embrace silence i wake up in silence i work in silence i prefer silence over music in the background because i find myself unable to focus with any noise at all when i need to learn something i practice just in time learning just in time learning means i only learn enough to solve the problem i currently have if i want to learn how to do something i just google it instead of spending years to study the entire syllabus google is free so make use of it the mindset that helped me is done is better than perfect perfectionism is the enemy of progress if we spend time perfecting things and not focused on completing what we're tasked to do then we are most probably never going to get things done for example instead of revamping my entire website i paste things out i focus on the things that follow the pareto principle which brings me to my next point in order to prioritize what i should do first i follow the pareto principle which is basically the 80 20 rule 20 of the things you do will account for 80 of your results for example i spend very little hours on freelance work compared to my full-time job but it accounts to 80 of my total income now apart from using my google calendar for meetings and personal appointments my calendar is also my to-do list and my reminder i block out time for projects with deadlines setting a time limit on each task doesn't work for me i always underestimate how much time each task would take and end up feeling guilty for not being able to do it all in a day so i learned from my mistakes i try to have less than four time blocks a day every day i refine my time blocks so i can track how much time i spend on each task by doing so over time i get better at estimating how much time i need for each task i manage all my tasks ideas notes in notion this saves energy it works like a storage of my brain so i don't need to remember what i need to do when things get crazy and i find it hard to keep track of what i need to do a good old to-do list on my desk is the way to go i only do this when i absolutely have to most of the time i stick to notion and my google calendar another thing i do is to set deadlines for the things i need to do for example if i have to launch a project i will set the deadline that i launch it within two weeks or less if you don't set a deadline for yourself you'll probably never launch it i'm also into the idea of being goal-oriented to stay focused on one thing at a time i find that it helps to keep going back to your goals if you have a clear idea of what you want to achieve motivation comes natural going back to your goals is this an opportunity or a distraction ask yourself that it takes time to get into the zone so we need to protect our focus by reducing context switching for example batching all my meetings in the evening and keep mornings blocked for deep work only this way i plan around my energy levels and make sure that i'm always efficient some of you have also asked how do i overcome low mental energy and anxiety for the feeling of having no time to do everything my take on this is if you find yourself in this spot it's probably a sign that you're taking on too much go back to your goals and evaluate if you really need to achieve all of your goals right now consider reducing your goals or find more ways to create time at the end of the day my goal is not to do it all but to get myself to a point where i can live comfortably while working less whatever i've shared in this video might or might not work for you but i do hope it helps you in some way thank you for watching and these are the recommended videos for you to watch next

  Top Comments:
  1. @jenna8445 [446 likes]: Why is noone else talking about the book Girl Boss Hustle: Earn 10k From Home? No wonder people are struggling financially...
  2. @RachelHow [51 likes]: What other time management strategies worked for you in the past? Comment below!

Hope you find this video helpful! More resources on rachelhow.com/resources 😄
  3. @UdayasreeJella [1 likes]: Wow, this is so inspiring! 🕒🔥 Balancing a full-time job, freelance work, and side hustles is no joke, but you make it look achievable! 💪👏 Loved the tips—especially how you stay productive without burning out. Keep these amazing insights coming! 🚀✨☕"
  4. @abhishekkewate817 [1 likes]: Hey Rachel,
Thank you for this video. I just started a job that doesnt pay well but just covering my expenses and reducing some financial stress but I left with no saving. Literally zero saving.
So its a 9-5, 9 hours night shift job and if include travel, add 3 more hours.
I trying to apply your way of time management to work on my side hustle (copywriting) with job.
Lets see where it takes.
  5. @timea03: On one hand I understand that everyone is under pressure in work, on the other hand I'm dumbfounded how clueless and narcissistic some bosses and clients are. Being constantly around you and negging you does not only make working normally almost impossible, but it's a sad reminder that absolute imbeciles who knows productive tasks only from myths are paid gracously (well, much better than you) for nothing else but bloodsucking and licking boots. Which proves that their bosses are also imbeciles with the same characteristics. And most of the people have to sell their lifetime to companies and depend on them, knowing that your paycheck depends on people who play grown-up Monopoly with your and your coworker's life.
  6. @sint8847: thank you so much
  7. @JakeBisonBusinessArmory: Finally something significant 🎉
  8. @gobeyondlife83: Love the shiny object thing. I’m so much into it and trying to come out … how do I contact you Rachel
  9. @LearnWithRabbi: Wow, A great video for productivity enthusiast. 

Thank you 😊 for sharing your productivity strategies. 

Learned something new & realized something bad happening in my life. 

This video gave me a great insights. 

Thanks again.
  10. @EdwardAnderson_110: I appreciate your honesty about time management. It’s refreshing. I’ve been using some AI tools lately, like one called ResuBot, to help with my resume. It saves so much time.
  11. @BrianAdamMyerBrianAdamMyers: This video is so relatable. Balancing everything feels impossible sometimes, but your tips are super helpful. I might need to reassess my own strategies. Thanks for sharing
  12. @jingxianguan3177: thank you for sharing
  13. @sandunmadushan1732: Rich content and I learnt many things from your video. thank you. keep it up ❤
  14. @TimothyVaughn-j4u: Danice standrige. Is not in spec of construstion
  15. @JuanCarlosLeeBautista: These are truly atomic habits 📈🤑💯
  16. @VicBrain: Amazing the same i am doing .. i cut off my self from social media .. Thanks for posting
  17. @Afrozali-o7r: Absolutely agree! Managing time effectively with a full-time job, freelance work, and side hustles requires a strategic approach. I’ve seen how implementing effective time management techniques can lead to success across multiple commitments. Did you know that 80% of people who use structured time management strategies report improved productivity and balance between their various roles? This is because organized scheduling and prioritization can help manage different responsibilities efficiently. I faced similar challenges and, after exploring various methods, a friend recommended Habit10x. Their program helped me build the habits and mindset needed to juggle multiple tasks effectively. Found them through Google!
  18. @allplotsomevibes: I love just in time learning. It's a game changer.
  19. @ryanjriveraph: Name list of your gadgets
  20. @RahulBharti-u6y: Which tools you use to create  a video for Youtube?

- 16 TIPS for Working Moms to Manage House (Family) & Job | Time Management Tips!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi guys this is dia and welcome back to my channel in today's video i will share tips for working moms to efficiently manage house and job fulfilling the role of mom while also holding down a job can be teasing but with little planning and family cooperation moms can make routine tasks easier get family members involved and helping instead of asking for things and reduce everyone's stress level being a full-time working mother can lead to feelings of guilt and stress because of divided attention between work and family the key here is to focus on the plan get organized and find the right balance between family and the profession here are 10 ways to help make sure both your career and your family flourish but before we start i'd like to mention that this video is in collaboration with dreamy vacuum i will share more details about the vacuum later in the video also i've mentioned the link and the discount code for the dreamy vacuum in the description box below in case you want to check it out so let's jump straight to the video shall we tip number one stop feeling guilty state-home moms feel guilty of not spending enough quality time with kids even though they are home with them all the time but always busy doing household chores as believe it or not every household is filled with unending house chores and being at home all the time you just cannot ignore dirty flows under laundry dusty furniture and so on working moms on the other hand feel guilty of not being there with their kids missing their childhood years their precious milestones etc etc moms no one's life is perfect whether you're a stay-at-home mom or a working mom you're surely going to have your share of kills and regrets so embrace your life as it is accept it as it is and be happy about it everyone has issues is just how you deal with it matters now so that we have set aside the guilt factor let's look into the ways to make work life balance more manageable tip number two set attainable daily goals once your way to set your daily goals is to start getting into the habit of making daily to-do list i like to use my phone's notes or you can also download a sticky note app on your phone and have it displayed on your phone screen all the time this will act as a constant reminder to you list down everything you want to achieve in the day and stick to it believe me there is nothing more satisfying than taking down a task of your to-do list however a to-do list is useless if it's too ambitious what's the point in writing down unachievable tasks so make sure to have realistic and achievable goals in your to-do list we are not superheroes and shouldn't try to be one remember you can always do more if you have time i also like to have a motivating code on my sticky note which really pumps me up to get up and get something done so try it guys so brave and so stupid just like the movies tip number three don't work hard instead work smart one of the life lessons i have learned and that has stick to me over years is don't work hard work smart this holds true as a tip for working moms too you can utilize all your energy and work whole day to accomplish your task or you can be good at delegation and delegate few of your tasks and save up some time few ways you can save up your time is to use smart cleaning gadgets like a robot vacuum robot vacuums save you so much time as they work independently to keep your floors clean whether it's sweeping or mopping the floor they will take care of it all all you have to do is to make sure you do not have any hurdles on the floor like toys shoes socks cushions etc lying on the floor keep your flow decluttered all the time and you can set the robot to sweep and mop the floors when you're not home and you can come home to clean floors you can set the timer so that the vacuum starts at your desired time whether it's when you're not home or whether it's at midnight because these robot vacuums are very silent and they can work without any human interruption these smart machines if used properly can certainly save you a lot of time and energy as i mentioned before that this video is in collaboration with dreamy vacuum so if you're interested to check out their vacuums with a stick vacuum or a robot vacuum i will leave the link in the description box below along with the discount codes so make sure to check them out we were in too deep tip number four plan ahead and be organized organization is key to stress-free time and chore management tip to be organized is to always think one step ahead this will help you plan better and be organized and avoid rash for instance if you make weekly menu and meal prep on the weekends then weeknight dinner will become an easy job versus you enter your kitchen and start thinking what to cook for dinner tonight i have few videos on meal planning already up on my channel i will link them in card support and in description box in case you would like to get some ideas you can also buy bulk groceries that will last you for weeks including fruits and veggies and store them the right way to make them last long i will share ways to store your fresh produce so that they last as long as possible in my next week's video so stay tuned to mom and me and don't forget to subscribe and turn notification bell one very blunt advice is to stop being lazy get up and clean your kitchen before going to bed look at tomorrow's menu so that you start thinking of it work is half done if you map the steps in your head as you know what exactly needs to be done tidy up your house at least 15 minutes a day to prevent it from getting out of control i would recommend train your kids and husband to help you in 15 minutes speed clean every day life is so much easier if you have help when entire family chip in to help with chose everything becomes so much easy and manageable uh tip number five create a family calendar a calendar can include dates when bills are due a chore chart for kids a list of school and family events extracurricular activities birthdays and more setting aside 15 minutes once a month to review and prepare for the next month's schedule this helps eliminate surprises followed on by rush or guilt tip number six plan your mornings mornings for working moms are like a daily obstacle it will go more smoothly if you do some things the night before pack lunches or at least prep for the lunch layout clothes ensure homework is done pack backpacks and check the calendar for after-school plans if your kids are big enough then teach them to get themselves ready in the morning by putting up a wall chart that list brush your teeth make bed get dressed eat breakfast and whatever else they need to do avoid starting the day on a fractal note by getting organized the night before seven breaking down each task in two steps this tip i have learned and excelled in past four years of my youtube career each video i make takes around 20 to 30 hours of work and i obviously cannot do everything in one go so i started to break down every video into small tasks each video starts with an idea then scripting filming editing thumbnails and the list goes on but the point here is to break down your big task into small manageable tasks and at a point in time you only have to worry about only a part of big job which never feels overwhelming rather easily attainable some tasks seem overwhelming when you first confront them for example a cluttered house or a wardrobe and you may not know how to proceed however by learning to look at overwhelming projects and breaking them into pieces you'll find that they aren't so daunting after all when you look at individual steps the larger task no longer seems quite as be so intimidating [Applause] tip number eight meal plan and prep i cannot stress more on how important it is to meal plan and prep if you are working mom as it will take of stress from your shoulder and you will feel in control of your kitchen prepare the weekly menu and decide what prep work you need to do over the weekend few things that you can do is to cut and store veggies blend spinach make tomato paste make green chutney boiled potatoes soak or boil lentils etc as i mentioned i have few ideas on weekly meal plan and prep i will link it in the description box for your reference tip number nine clean the kitchen before going to bed how would you like to wake up walk into your kitchen and feel happy to be standing in a clean kitchen with breakfast that's only minutes away from being in your mouth as you have already prepped for it the night before or feel overwhelmed staring at your dirty kitchen and wondering how to put together your first meal of the day in this messy kitchen so yes clean the kitchen every night this includes all standard duties like putting away food washing the dishes and wiping down the countertops and stove top it also means loading and starting your dishwasher if you have one but if you really want to treat yourself to a morning high dry and put away all the dishes you have just washed even the ones in the dishwasher if you can manage to stay awake through the washing cycle i'm telling you guys you will love not seeing a mountain of dishes even the clean ones when you walk into the kitchen the next morning and an empty dishwasher is the key way to cut down on the dish clutter in your kitchen tip number 10 saturday chores key to a smooth week is the planning and prepping you do over the weekend here are few things that i would recommend groceries have a running list of groceries in your pantry or fridge this way you don't have to spend special time to make a list to buy for your weekly supplies also delegate grocery shopping tasks to your husband bathroom cleaning leave bathroom cleaning for once a week and break down bathroom cleaning in three parts clean sink after you brush in the morning clean toilet seat and flow before you take shower clean shower area while you are taking shower next floor cleaning i have already covered this topic earlier in the video to use smart cleaning gadgets and not use your elbow grease to get the job done work smart and not hard so consider investing in a robot vacuum i personally like to use stick vacuum as my kids have toys all over the floor and a stick vacuum though it takes up my time but is a great investment to keeps flow always clean imagine a perfect day tip number 11 and i think it's one of the most important tips which is to rest and revive over the weekend working moms tend to put themselves last on the list but regenerating your own inner strength and peace will go a long way towards giving you the energy you need to be a mum stressed out people are not all that productive you need relaxation to avoid burnout at home and at work life is busy life is hectic but keep sundays for yourself do nothing at least for few hours laze around and do what you love to do sleep watch movies sit and chat with family over tea etc etc the choice is yours but spend some time for yourself give yourself time to rest and revive otherwise all that hard work you did it will hit back in form of mommy burnout instead of feeling a sense of achievement you will feel heavy and trapped so take care of yourself if you do nothing else at least prioritize your sleep needs so you can thrive you'll drag all day and ultimately waste time if you're under rested schedule sleep like any other activity and go to bed at bedtime so you can function the next day and enforce your kids bedtime too it's good for them and for you absolutely tip number 12 embrace the power of no this is something moms find extremely hard to say the no word you don't have to say yes to every expectation your friends or family has from you saying no can be tough but it is a skill that frees up time you wouldn't otherwise have access to further watching you enforce limits teaches your kids the value of setting boundaries so say no whenever it's required tip number 13 don't even try to multitask people perform better when they give focused attention to the task at hand when you're at work stop worrying about kids homework or dinner when you're helping your kids with their homework don't text your husband a grocery list focus on what you're doing and be in the moment i wish i could stay right here tip number 14 let go of perfection perfection it doesn't exist therefore you can't achieve it instead of obsessively cleaning an already clean enough house or toiling toward intangible idols like being the perfect or having the perfect figure having a perfect work life balance find a more practical use for your time also you don't have to do a particular task at a set time as for the society norms let me give you an example here i look at all the tasks from the viewpoint of urgency and their importance for me cooking is urgent and important task which takes priority overall and laundry though it's important but not urgent so i keep it for evenings after i'm done with my youtube job so i keep laundry drying or folding for evenings i also ask kids to put laundry back into their drawer they don't fold properly but they definitely end them into the right drawer a job done is better than perfect and asking for help always relieve stress off your shoulders tip number 15 give your kids chores and pay them for it have the kids handle a chore and pay them if required even if they don't do it perfectly they are learning how to do it and participating in the family business as fellow planner daphne winston says she paid her twins for doing extra chores and her mother paid her when she was a child i am myself trying to implement this with my kids but instead of money i pay them with a piece of chocolate or lolly or a trip to the park now my kids have certain chores they must do like keeping their rooms tidy and helping in the kitchen or laundry paying your kids for chores can help learn the value of money and how earning income relates to work and coming to the last step which is ask for help four hands are better than two and six are better than four don't have everything on your plate mommies delegate delegate delegate as much as you can teach your kids to dry laundry on the rack take clothes off fold them and put back into their wardrobes train them to empty dishwasher and you can arrange in cabinets teach your kids to eat by themselves so you can free up your time to do night time kitchen cleaning and so on and so forth assign the grocery task to your husband or do online shopping and get it delivered at your doorstep write down each and every task you do and delegate as much as you can we need to understand that delegating is not admitting defeat rather it's about maximizing the potential of your entire network believe me you can get it all done in the time you've got and have sweet moments of freedom left over all you need to do is implement a few smart rules upon your daily routine and when you do find that you've created some leftover room for something new so be sure to do something wonderful and be kind to yourself because you deserve it mama i'll sign off now and i shall see you in my next video bye for now

- 13-Time Management Tips for Kids House & Work | How To Manage House with Kids | Time Management Tips: Kind: captions Language: en Whether the children are small or big, toddlers or school or college going, whether you are working or a housewife, unless the small and big household chores are done by proper management and scheduling, unless multitasking habits are adopted, unless indoor and outdoor chores are performed separately, then we cannot complete all our tasks promptly. So, mothers of small children and working ladies, even today's video is a gift for you, so without skipping, let's dig in to the video. Assalam Walekum dear viewers and welcome back. So the number one point is stop feeling guilty. Never feel guilty that you are not able to give proper attention to your children or home. Whether you are a working or a stay-at-home lady, always embrace life as it is. Manage your time, energy and availability in it so that you never feel that the children are being neglected because of household chores or that extra attention to the children is compromising your home. After all, we are humans. Give the best without feeling any guilt or regret Number two point is set your daily chores Make a to-do list of your daily tasks If you feel a little lazy then set a timer on your phone Give 5 to 10 minutes to each room If the time is set then you will save yourself from wasting extra time at one place Also freshen up your kids in the morning If they are very small then change their diapers etc. and hand over the feeder Tidy up the scattered things in your house like making the bed Lightly dust any things in the living and dining room etc. and put them in their place This gives your house a tidy look even if your house help has to do the sweeping etc. Third point is don't work hard Smart ladies mind it you are not super heroes as I told earlier We all do not have any super power Yes when Allah Taala has given women the strength to become mothers then my lovely girls a woman can easily manage any difficult time and difficult task in any situation All you can do is play smartly. For example, if your children are infants or toddlers, they sleep most of the time. So, take advantage of their sleep time and complete most of your household chores during this time. If your children are going to school, then instead of sending them to bed in the morning, this time can be made the most productive time of the day. Almost all the cooking and cleaning of the house can be completed before the children return by 1:30 pm. First, in the evening, when the children sit down to study, you can give them some time and review their studies and then finish any pending work. Or you can cover any area of the house that is due for deep cleaning. For example, in the video of deep cleaning of the house, I also showed you how to make a relevant to-do list and I have already shared the methods for implementing it. I will add the link in the description. You must watch that video to see how time management can be done. Similarly, both routine and occasional tasks will be managed throughout the day if you do them smartly. The fourth point is plan ahead and be organized. Always plan your cooking menu well with small children. Plan your daily chores a day in advance so that you do n't waste time thinking about what to cook today or whether you've run out of onions or have less flour. Always prepare and keep a grocery list updated so that you do n't have to face any tension initially. The next point is create a family calendar. Keep track of children's birthdays, their vaccination chart, your wedding anniversary dates, children's fee due dates or utility bills, children's school functions, activities, projects, etc., their exams, weekly and monthly test dates. Highlight them all and keep them on a calendar so that you avoid any kind of surprise or sudden tension. More: Do n't overlook your important events by getting busy with household chores, even if it's your wedding date. You have to get a gift from your husband too. The sixth point is plan your weekends. No doubt, we ladies work 24/7, but Always plan your weekends in such a way that you get some relaxation time, like going out for a dinner function or going to your mother's house and on any weekend, those tasks which you had to do during the entire week but could not be done due to the children's routine, like cleaning your children's book shelf drawers or their school uniforms which you keep ready for a week, or your skin care pedicure manicure or a small facial at home or going to the parlor, all this can be planned on the weekend. Number seven point is breaking down tasks into steps. No matter how healthy you are living an energetic and active lifestyle, you are not able to complete all household tasks along with kids in a single task. So always do your work in small steps and mean while take a break of 5 to 10 minutes so that your energy does not get drained. Eight point is clean kitchen before going to bed. After putting the children to sleep, clean your kitchen for 15 to 20 minutes hard. Make sure to clean the counter top, gas burner and sink area. Do not leave the utensils for washing. Take out the left over food from the fridge so that you don't waste time on these tasks after waking up in the morning. Secondly, the work place in the kitchen should be absolutely neat and clean. Ninth point is to develop the habit of saying no. You know what, sometimes we ladies are taken for granted. How is it that in order to please others or to convince ourselves, we say yes to everything everyone says and unnecessarily waste our energy on such tasks due to which we have more chances of getting less credit and more humiliation. And by giving that same due time to our children and home or even to ourselves, we can use this work more efficiently and make ourselves most productive. Like if Nand says, Bhabhi, come with me to the market, let's do window shopping. Without thinking, you leave all the other household chores and hand over the children to Grandma and go with her. So it is far better to say no. 10th point is to try multitasking. Try children. Whatever household chores you do while sleeping or playing or during school timings, do them in a multitasking way. Yes, if you think you will be able to manage it efficiently then do it like in my video I did three to four tasks simultaneously like washing carpets and blankets at home and rearranging the plants because every task was interlinked with each other and outdoor also so I managed them well. Similarly, while cooking in the kitchen, extract ghee from cream, peel garlic and freeze it, prepare mint chutney or tomato puree or make parathas and freeze them like me. So by doing two to three tasks at one go, you can utilize your maximum time and also save time for some other useful work. 11 points is let go of perfection. With small children, getting the work done at least does not matter much as compared to getting it done with perfection means that now you have washed the clothes, so it is more important that the clothes get washed rather than drying them. After that, make them imprint as well and worry more about doing your work immediately rather than getting it proper and perfect. Yes, when you get extra time, then complete it with perfection later, that is, clothes can be ironed and hung later, they can be immediately fixed and kept in the laundry basket, right? 12th point is seek help from others. Now if the children have grown a little, then give them small tasks like playing with toys and keeping them in their place, after drinking milk, keeping the feeder or glass in the kitchen, after doing their homework, make the work place neat and tidy. If you develop these habits in them, then you will yourself be relieved to a great extent. If your husband is at home, then you can get him to help you a little in the kitchen, for example, it is my husband's duty to make milkshakes for the children in the morning and if you can afford it, then for full time, if not then at least hire a house help for cleaning the house. 13th point is self-care. Last but not the least The most important and above all mention point which I have always been promoting in my videos is self care. Whether the children are very young, school going or even married, at any age or at any stage, never ignore your self care because my dear ladies, you will be able to do all these things perfectly only when you are healthy physically as well as spiritually. Good and healthy food, exercise, walk, skin care, your dressing and your overall looks, always take care of all these things. I do not accept any excuse for this, so these are all basic suggestions and tips for those ladies who have been requesting me again and again for a long time that how can the house be properly managed with small children. I cannot do this, I cannot do that. I live in a lodge or have a joint family system. What ever you do if you follow these basic points then many of your problems will be sorted out. I hope more or less this video will help you out. If yes then do let me know in the comment section I will definitely wait for your suggestions and queries new viewer do subscribe new ATA and press the bell icon so you can get eat notification in time see you super soon in the next video till then happy organizing from new ATF take care Allah Hafiz and bye bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @kashafarshad6928 [2 likes]: MashaAllah your new drawing room is nice
  2. @Hafizasalma-qq4gj [2 likes]: Assalam o alikum mam ateaccy baig ko kse saf kre plzz video me zaror btaye ga apki video kfi achi hoti h bst of 🤞❤🎉
  3. @WomeniaATF [1 likes]: Stress Free HomeTips For Homemakers 👇
https://youtu.be/uyYN7gFIG10
&
https://youtu.be/GUlkSkp1ud4
  4. @dr.menkarajputkain251 [1 likes]: Very nice
  5. @AnnaQueen-t4b [1 likes]: Tou Jo itni needh ati ha uska kia krein chotay toddlers wali maaein bht thakti Hain jb bachy jagty Hein
  6. @Shoppingsensations [1 likes]: Aslamelekum api,
Main ek small business owner hun
3 kids hain 2 school jati ek 7 months ka ghar p hota, ghar ka kaam to maid karti lkn dhiyan na do to kaam kharab....
Please ek video banaen schedule banake kese manage karun small baby ghar business. 
Baby ko full attention chahye between naps le na le....
  7. @MohsinRaza-v4r9y [1 likes]: 😊❤
  8. @mariajawad6182 [1 likes]: Api Apki videos bht achi hti h
  9. @arshumanahmed8555 [1 likes]: A.o.a! Mam mn apki bht bri fan hun mn gown mn rhti hun yahan net issue bht hota lekin mn special weekly pkg lgwa kr apki sari bideos dekhti hun...mgy apki awaz bht psand hy and mgy ap k baking items bht fascinate krty mn b try krna chahti hun mn ny oven b mngwa liya bt mgy usy use krna ni ata
  10. @khumainiabdullah [1 likes]: Thank you api bohut acha lagta hy k jb hum sy koe bat krta hy housewives ki duties sb sy zaida hoti hy yes it's so helpful ❤😊
  11. @Deepeyes233 [1 likes]: Api ap ki yh wali video Q ni lg rhi kl b try kia ni chl rhi
  12. @ShamsDhoolShamsDhool [1 likes]: aj ka vilog it a zabrdast tha ap ka bhot hi pasnd aya v.nice
  13. @nirmalasdaybook2006 [1 likes]: Best dear
  14. @afsahfarooq710 [1 likes]: Yes house help is a must
  15. @TahiraNuman [1 likes]: Bht achi tips,but hr koi mad afford ni kr skta,,❤
  16. @tahirarafiq7216 [1 likes]: nice
  17. @NoorUlAinBilal-h3s [1 likes]: Ap se bohat kuch sikha ha JazakAllah dear
  18. @MuhammadibrarSir: Assalamualaikum api
  19. @FunnyFunkar22: Apki.awaz bhut achi h bhut shookn h apki awaz mae wrna zyda tr u tubers ki.awaz kan mae bhut lgti but u & your voice are so polite and your trika or salika bhut help ful h hamry liye best u tube channel h apka MashAllah keep it up
  20. @RakhshandaKashif-hp1xh: Yes u r right ur all talks v good

- How I manage work and family with 2 kids in USA | Indian vlog: Kind: captions Language: en hello mommies after rejoining my work I have got lots of DMS in Instagram asking how I manage work and family with two kids here in us we don't have any other external support systems like Elders or mates we have to manage all our works by ourselves and the main keys are planning and sharing share your work with your husband and don't forget to involve your kids as well every little help counts keep your breakfast menu as simple as possible homemade muesless dunked in warm milk is my number one choice on busy days if this goes out of stock I'll immediately opt for red rice flakes soaked in warm milk and chopped nuts you can add any sweetness like cane sugar or coconut sugar multi-grain porridge topped with nuts and milk is also a healthy and quick option grinding idli batter in the weekend helps a lot in breakfast and dinner times just when the idli is getting steamed you can make your quick chutneys or whatever gravies you prepare for lunch like sambar can be used for breakfast or lunch with idli or dosa even if you don't have time to make any curries or chutneys you can just Steam idlis and enjoy it hot with protein and calcium rich homemade idli Powder made using black gram and black sesame seeds when it comes to lunch I make simple meals with lots of veggies in it I often opt for cabbage rice cauliflower rice broccoli rice spinach Biryani vegetable Biryani lemon rice or curd rice with some veg side dish to save more time in the morning you can chop the veggies in the night and refrigerate all these easy rice recipes are available in my website www.myhealthykido.com if vegetables are chopped and ready this meals can be prepared in just half an hour when I was a homemaker I could get up so early but now after joining work my body demands more rest so I get up only at 5 45 am and I enter kitchen by six o'clock in just one hour I wrap up both lunch and breakfast my little one is just three years old and she has just started her play school her play school timings are 8 45 to 11 15 just two and a half hours but I do pack her lunch daily so that if at any day both I and my husband had meetings around 11 we would not be able to pick her up at the right time on those days we would message her teacher to keep her in daycare for one more hour and in that time she'd eat her lunch from her lunch box even if we pick her at the right time she'd come home open her lunch box and have her lunch by herself so eating from lunchbox during school days have become her habit by the way my hubby was making this scrambled egg to go with cabbage rice I fill the boxes with food and my Elder one helps in packing them in respective lunch boxes with filled water bottles sharp at 7 15 Nila steps out of the home with her dad to the bus stop after sending her to school I take some me time to get ready and then I wake up the baby at eight o'clock I supervise her brushing the teeth and at the same time I have a stand-up call which I attend using my airports after her turn I do one more round of brushing to cover all the areas that she has missed encouraging babies to do their own work from very young age makes their life and our life easier and believe me toddlers will love to do their work imitating the adults consistency and practice are the keys giving drinking water in a small cup will be easy for them to practice gargling I hand over her breakfast bowl and join my another call which is a sharp 8 30 every day that's just a short 10 minutes call once I wrap up the call she would have been done with her breakfast then I clean her up and make her ready to school in just five minutes and this is the main reason I have shortened her hair to share my morning time she is too picky with her dresses clips and even socks colors I couldn't afford my morning time for her to select whatever she wishes to but I do give her ample time in the night to select her dresses clips and socks believe me this one single act will avoid so much of drama in the morning I have followed the same for my Elder one as well keeping the dresses and bags ready in the night will give us all a relaxed and very good morning start first day she happily went to school and then one week went with tears then slowly she started to like it and in no time she started to love her play school daily they sent pictures of what they do how they are and we feel so connected and feel happy to see that the kid is enjoying exploring socializing as well as learning as I'm working from home I just sent her to the regular play school timings and I don't want to extend her to be in the daycare they give a small snack around 10 o'clock and rest all time they play Draw sing do some activities and just enjoy my hubby usually picks her at 11 30. if not we'll send a message and she'll have her packed lunch in the daycare at 12 o'clock if he picks her at the right time she'll come home freshen up and eat the same packed lunch from her lunch bag around 12 o'clock baby LED weaning is really a boon to moms if you want to know how I transitioned gradually from traditional weaning to Baby Led weaning I have already uploaded a detailed video on the same I'll give you the link to that video in the description box do check it out mommy's baby ladwinning is not a very big deal but once practiced you'll feel so relaxed just like me three meals and two snacks she eats all by herself and no screen time while eating makes her fully concentrate on her food and enjoy her food for the next one hour she plays with her toys don't just dump all the toys in the toy room if they see them daily they might lose interest hide some in the store room and keep rotating the toys the one toy that is never ever bored is her kitchen set she can spend hours together with her kitchen toys get some toy fruits and vegetables that are sticked together using velcro and cut apart easily using a play knife playing in the toy kitchen is just like imitating adults and so these little copycats love this toy kitchen very much believe me my 10 year old is still playing with this as I'm working I don't ask her to go out of my working room she just placed next to me and I concentrate on my work as the kid shares my room she doesn't miss me and as the kid is playing safely near me I feel relaxed and I can concentrate so well in my job kids will get used to the nature of our work and they do understand better she'll never utter a word during my meeting unless she is really cranky keep many activities handy like coloring painting Play-Doh kinetic sand all these will keep them occupied for a longer she'll intimate me when she feels sleepy once she's sleepy I'll rock her in the cradle and she'll just fall asleep in five to ten minutes she'll take her afternoon nap for at least one and a half hours and this is a solid time where I could work more productively short three o'clock I'll walk to the bus stop to pick my Elder one by the time she comes home and refreshes the little one will get up once she gets up she needs me for some time to cuddle with and then she happily plays with her sister fruits are my daily snacks and apart from that I'll have one snack that is made over the weekend I'll give the video link to this dates barfi or laddu in the description box after snack if it is summer time they play outside if it is winter time they play indoors and this is Dad's time to take care of them while I prepare the dinner we take turns in engaging the kids so that I to get some fresh air when I am out he'll be doing his contribution to the dinner winter time they stay indoor but the girls innovate lot of games together my hubby loves to grill chicken for dinner as he's in low carb diet but we too grab one or two from him most of my dinner will be idliya Dosa with a simple Chutney and my hubby's grilled chicken if I finish my work earlier I prefer making paneerams with chutneys my kids love this but the underlying batter is the same Dosa batter we have our dinner at seven o'clock and after our dinner it's nilani study time when I teach her lessons I give some activity to the little one she loves to explore with her watercolors sometimes she too joins with us with her book and I read to her palely it depends on her mood my hubby loads the dishwasher and I chop the veggies for the next day we love to include lots of veggies we brush your teeth choose the dishes for tomorrow keep the bags ready and come to bed at sharp nine o'clock together we read a book with a little one switch off the light and talk stories about the day and slowly we fall asleep and that's how our day ends hope you have got some useful tips from this video thanks for watching till the end

  Top Comments:
  1. @tamilarasut1771 [1 likes]: Wow!! Bliss to watch this video!
Thanks for sharing!
  2. @priyakulkarni516: You are a good mom :-)
  3. @srujanayadav1: What is the cost of daycare
  4. @vijaykrishnan11: Watched the video very useful for moms who is getting back to work

- The Two Married Men Say Doing A job Is Easier Than Managing A Home | The Tenant: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] In today's episode, The tenant I'm in Bangalore in Bangalore. I'm in Jakur, a location close to the airport. Our tenant today are two married men who shifted from Chennai into Bangalore. Why do they do that? What works and what doesn't? Let's meet them. Hey Vishal. Hi Mayuran. How are you? Very well. Good to see you. Good to see you as well. Thanks for coming. My pleasure. Hi. Having somebody very So what is it? Colleague of mine. Khal friend as well. Yeah. Okay. So how big is this apartment of yours? So this is a 3 BHK house. Um close to about 1,900 plus ft and we both are living in here. Okay. So what is it that gets two middle-aged men from Chennai to Bangalore? Yeah. I think uh the story goes like this. uh both of us have been working with a consulting firm for almost 17 years together. uh then one finally we thought okay why don't we explore a new city uh I mean the primary reason is that uh we felt that Bangalore and some of the bigger cities have better opportunities to have more client interactions and it'll help in our career that's how it started and yeah obviously we found this place and settled down and uh we are still uh settling in I would say okay so in Bangalore why do you choose this location any particular reason that professional opportunities got you to Bangalore Yes. Any particular particular reason for this location? The primary reason is that uh being consultants right we do travel a lot. So we wanted a place which is close to the airport and some some something close to the office as well. So we thought this is the best place. I mean this side to the airport we spend 40 minutes and again for the office is around 35 to 40 minutes. So you have lot of uh places like supermarkets or any other restaurants. So everything close by. So all conveniences in the neighborhood. Absolutely. Is it easy to like just when I see your house and I see both of you all I I tend to uh get back to my younger self as a bachelor. Uh you both are you both of you all are of course married but right now you're sort of living the bachelor life. I mean I I I don't want to call it as a bachelor life. I'm sure. Yeah. Yeah. So I think it's a quite a different feeling to be honest, right? I mean so far we've been living in a family, right? And and a lot of things were taken care by the wives. So we we didn't have to bother too much about what we eat right and whether our dresses are going to be ironed and everything is ready. But here I think everything starts from the scratch right? uh I think we are thinking a lot to say that okay how do we manage day-to-day stuff I think that's a key difference which I see uh I mean I still don't qualify that as a bachelor life independent life independent life let me let me put it that way is have have you both started appreciating the role of uh household work a lot more after moving over here sorry absolutely I would say uh so this has always been the case we have realized that they do work a lot Uh but now we really understand uh the on ground situation right. Okay. So for this uh uh building apartment what what tick the boxes uh you want you chose this location why this project or this apartment any particular thing that caught your eye? So one is it's new um it's might be 6 to 8 months old. So you get a new new property to stay so you don't have too much maintenance work and other things to take care of. Uh second, I think the amenities. They have everything within whether it's a a gym, it's a swimming pool, a bminton code. So you have all the amenities and the best part is uh there's a good walking space around. Um it's about like 10 to 12 acres or more than that. And um and it's with the nature, right? A lot of trees planted. So that makes a big difference. Is it easy to shift on rent after being an owner for long? Like both of y'all in Chennai homeowners now renters in Bangalore. Psychologically does that make a big difference uh being a renter? Yeah, I think at least it made uh a big uh it become a big became a big hurdle for me for some time because uh this is the second time maybe I'm staying in a rented place. The first thing was very very small like 4 months when we were renovating the previous apartment I'm staying in Chennai. So it took some time to realize that okay whether I'm taking the right step. So in between there was a thinking whether we should buy an apartment even if it is no not so big like this right at least to have something say okay is my own property and uh stay there. Uh but we we thought okay let's take a I mean we are not sure how long we are going to stay in Bangalore. I mean that's another thing right we thought okay let's start with the rental thing. Uh so somebody was super inclined to after seeing some of the apartments here he said we should buy one. Okay that's fast. Yeah he he seems to be an instant decision maker. Yeah. Yeah. I mean rarely make such instance but this was he was very particular. I feel like once it's your own property there's a lot of comfort that you create. Definitely the house owner here also has given all the comfort but still um as a person as you said right uh we have been owning a house in Chennai and I've stayed in rent for a short time uh period as well. The comfort that you get when it's your own is much more and you can go and do things customize the apartment do a lot of uh things in and around the apartment as well or within the flat. Yeah. So what part of this house gets used the most by Mayura and Shabri? I know it's a work in progress home and I think most most tenants even after 6 months they keep telling me it's a work in progress. So it's perpetually at that stage for you guys so far. Where do you all spend most of your time? So I think this is the place this table because I think this is a kind of only furniture we have at this point in time. So most of the time when we work we sit here even our dinners and lunches takes place here. How balcony is that used a lot? Yeah, balcony uh we don't sit there as such but typically there's good ventilation here. Okay. So just to get a fresh air maybe we just go and stand there for some time. Mornings I use it for some small yoga sessions. So yeah somebody does all his stretching stretching exercises. Yeah. Okay. And this will be one of your three bedrooms. Yes. So tell me could you have done with a 2BHK apartment as well or you wanted only a 3BHK? Well that is initial thinking uh we thought 2B will be sufficient for us since both of us it was only us right then we realized that if the family comes right especially we have kids so we thought it'll be better to have another room for them. I'm I'm sure that a lot of friends are going to visit us so this will be beneficial to have an additional room. Is it easy getting an apartment uh as a family person who is positioned almost as bachelors when they're renting a home? Both of you are are of course married with families. But right now when you're in Bangalore searching for apartments without wives, without kids, does the search become tougher? Do landlords and brokers perceive you differently? I would say yes and a no. Uh because majority of the people or the apartments that we saw the first question was are you going to stay or um is it like one of your families is going to come in. Uh so we said um it's kind of going to be a mix. We both are going to be the primary tenants of this and our families will keep visiting us. Some of them were okay some of them as um they were not very comfortable as such because u they need some trust right. So and it takes some time. So in fact one of the brokers said not to talk about it. don't mention about it saying that you're going to stay say it's a family thing right but what we felt is that it's better to kind of be transparent I spoke to the owner and told okay this is a scenario the family will come once in a while but large part of time we are going to be there but I think this owner was very nice that way so when we told him yesterday I mean it doesn't matter to me I mean as long as you take care of this property as your own house everything is fine that was only recommend he had what's the biggest strength of staying as a uh bachelor/independent uh person and staying with family. So you don't have to do the homework, whatever you're supposed to do there. The household work is taken. I mean it's a different kind of work you're doing here, right? I mean this is like uh setting up things from scratch. I mean as I told earlier I mean I I didn't think it's going to be so difficult. Uh but it has become a little difficult to be honest. Uh is is is managing the home tougher than consulting? Looks like yeah looks like I mean somebody asked me this question okay since we have joined new to another firm right? How are you settling in? Uh so my response was that see uh I'm settling well in the work but in house part I'm still kind of struggling to settle down. The work timings are typically 12 to 14 hours or 10 minimum is 10 to 12 hours right. So when you come back home it's more peaceful if somebody's there uh to help you out to serve food to cook food for you and also uh the mental support that you get when you have the family around that's a big difference uh which we don't get and we kind of support each other for now. That's a Yeah. Okay. So, this is the first bedroom. Uh this is the one that's a guest bedroom without an attached bathroom. All these things have come with the apartment or the apartment. Yes. Okay. You wanted something which was semi-furnished or you would have been okay with a completely empty home. So, we were looking for a furnished one. Uh fully furnished. Fully furnished one. So, we had some options but uh it was definitely beyond our budget. Uh then we thought, okay, let's go with a semi-furnished one. Uh and and I would say this is fairly well furnished. I mean what are the bare minimum things we would expect an apartment is there definitely wouldn't have appreciated one which is not at all furnished and the other challenge we also heard from our colleagues is like our colleagues and friends is like if you get a furnish home you need to give it back exactly like that right but we don't know the quality of products that comes along so and I don't know like we don't know whether we can give it back in the same exact same um shape and size right because if you're going to use certain things obviously there is a wear and tear etc so that's another challenge how much is the rental you're paying here So we are paying around 62k $60,000 and this is inclusive of everything inclusive including the maintenance. And how long is your contract and 11 months 11 months and deposit which is you are you also in that in that war territory which I've seen some people say I I'm making a deposit of 11 months 12 months uh this 5 months. Yeah it's in a five five to 6 month. Okay. This covers then your first guest bedroom. Up ahead will be your other two Bedrooms. What was the biggest parameter inside the house that you guys were looking for while finalizing this apartment? Was it the bedroom size, the living room size, the kitchen size, anything like that? You had nothing. The overall space uh we wanted something spacious. I mean, while we might have got a three-bedroom apartment which is lesser than this in size. So, we thought after seeing this uh this is always a better one because it's quite spacious, right? All the bedrooms are bigger. I mean if you notice the master bedroom it's quite big and I really don't know how to use the entire space now. One mandatory thing which I had in mind was having an attached toilet because especially if family comes in it's pretty useful and then open window which is ventilation uh and for fresh air. So so this is the work in progress that's happening the bed and all that's correct. The cords are we have ordered the cords and it's on the any particular strategy for selection uh given both you are consultants you all approach everything I'm getting in the data backed way and a lot of filtering any we are going with the experience with some of the furnishes uh we have seen so used to procure from a place in Kerala so I mean they make uh tood stuff as a reasonable cost so you ordered from there sofa plus the two CS as of now and the sofas as well yeah so typically it's like a multi- vendor approach you have lot of vendors in Bangalore itself, right? But we didn't want to stick only to them. So, we did order the mattress from one of the vendor. Uh, now the CS from a different vendor. So, it's like mix just mixing up. Is it easy to adapt to apartment life from single home life? Uh, I'm presumably Chennai does not have too many tall towers, people live in independent homes. Are you guys from that background? Yeah. So, uh, I think both of us I mean I think Sabur's apartment is slightly bigger one. So in where I am living in Chennai, it's only six apartments, six houses in that particular thing. So we don't have any amenities. We don't have any uh uh I mean some of the features which you see here right so that kind of excites us like we mentioned right the kind of uh the facilities here really excites us uh to kind of stay here. I'm sure the kids when they come they'll also enjoy this whatever we are enjoying now. what was the reaction of a family when you all were telling that you all want to embark on this step of uh leaving hometown for a new city at this age so luckily I think uh the reason is primarily the growth in the professional part right so families were quite supportive uh I mean definitely I'm sure that they are kind of missing lot of the support the limited support we used to provide when we are there uh but but I think both sides of families like go ahead and see what is there in terms of uh uh traffic. Uh you guys use your personal transport, your uh take the public connectivity. What is what's your game like? So I think the the options from here is quite limited. Uh so we are having our own vehicles to go to office or commute across the city. Yes. So the traffic is one thing which was uh kind of uh which was a mind block for us before thinking about coming to Bangalore. But I'm sure that we are getting used to it now. Uh I mean some days are really bad. You get really frustrated uh sitting in the car for long for hours together to go five six kilometers. Do you do you drive yourself or you have a Yeah, I drive myself. Both of us we are. Is Bangalore traffic as bad as it's made out to be? I sitting in Mumbai, I I used to read a lot about it and whenever I come here perhaps my expectations have been lowered to the point where everything works maybe but in my limited experience I don't find it as bad as people make it out to be. So it is not as bad as Bang Mumbai. I'm sure that Mumbai is worse than that. So what is that we have seen as a difference right? Uh I mean coming from Chennai, Chennai some part of Chennai has big traffic. I mean there'll be always during the peak hours there'll be block but after pandemic Chennai also became very congested. Right. So that way I don't see a big difference there. Okay. So this bedroom done. Yeah. Uh this has an attached bathroom and this will be the grand master bedroom. Okay, this is good size. It's quite big actually. Were you guys okay with the color of these wall seats? Uh this is one of those colors which is it's not neutral. Yeah. Okay. You actually need some degree of taste for it on either side. Uh was it did you did you like it or you agnostic in a way? So I'm I'm currently occupying this room. I mean to be honest I didn't notice too much about the color. Okay. I I mean as you rightly said, it can give a little bit of dull look to the entire room, right? But uh at least considering the weather we have here, this helps in a way. It's not too bright. But if you see the other two rooms, right, that's a direct sunlight which is which makes the entire thing more brighter and warmer. This thing has sort of sort of like the Batman color, right? Okay. So this bedroom, the master bedroom which you said you occupy, the beds on their way. How soon do you think you guys will be able to completely do the house? in another week, week to 10 days max. Hopefully, hopefully if they deliver the goods on the right time. How easy is it to deal with the labor doing such tasks? U given that I'm guessing this is must have been one of the few times you'll have done it. Right. Is it easy? Is that a different ballgame altogether? I would say uh one of the key things here is there's a lot of competition in this market, right? So if there is not one person who is not responding, you can always go and fall back on the other option. So that we found like might be people are much faster that's a good thing actually because might be in a kerala I used to be I had challenges where you need to deliver on one guy to do for an electrician work or one plumber to do a plumbing work but here I think those challenges are not there. But in Kerala you were like almost dealing with a monopoly situation you had to deal with. Yes. Then to get them to our houses it might take say 3 days 4 days. So even if there is an emergency situation sometimes they don't react in an hour or might be 2 hours here we can always fall back. You have fall back options. So how long does it take over here like you said Kerala 3 to 4 days here? How long does it take? Might be an hour or maximum two or some things get some of the things some of the things get sorted. You said you you spent some time in Kerala. Uh between Kerala, Chennai, Bangalore. uh what's what's been what's your preference at this point in in order of uh liking so uh there are two scales I will put in if that's okay uh so one if it's more professional uh life and the exposure that you get then Bangalore Chennai Kerala uh if it's going to be have a peaceful leaving and might be a non-polluted environment then it's going to be Kerala Chennai Bangalore so that's how I will how about you may Chennai and Bangalore it's early days I know What's your pick? So I would say I mean at present I would say definitely uh Chennai. On that note mayor and Sabri thank you for coming on the tenant. Thanks thanks for fascinating parttime family life part time well bachelor/independent life. Good luck for both of them. Thank you so much. Thanks for calling that out. Thank you. Time for the report card. This is a 3BHK apartment in a large gated community location. This is Jakur uh a neighborhood close to the airport as well as select tech parks like Manita tech park. Uh it has basic conveniences around but doesn't have too much of a nightlife environment. Connectivity, no metro or rail connectivity. Road transport is essential. All in all, if you're a person that has work in the around the airport side as well as these tech parks, has private transport at their disposal, has more than a modest budget. This is a sort of location and project that can be considered. Are you looking for the perfect home? Stop looking around. Scan the QR code and explore from thousands of rental properties. Read resident reviews and make an informed decision with 99acres.com.

  Top Comments:
  1. @crane71 [40 likes]: Title is so misleading. Poor guys will be bullied now in their offices! Moneycontrol did them wrong.
  2. @seshapunagaraju1128 [18 likes]: paid 62k and still it looks a ghost apartment. I don't understand this culture.
  3. @bigwealthIndia [14 likes]: Boring episode, these middle age people are just wasting money, can stay in pg at much lower rates and can visit their families once in while.
  4. @campus1985 [12 likes]: The Tenant is one of my favorite shows. I can binge watch these😅
  5. @yash.gauri.2023 [10 likes]: So are these guys secretly gay or what? Title is so misleading xD
  6. @bhavikkathiria [8 likes]: When asked about living away from family, the first and the only thing the fella talks about is inconvenience related to household chores. Not judging him but I was expecting something on lines of I miss my wife and kids.
  7. @rajeevkri123 [8 likes]: 62K in jakkur is foolish there is nothing in that area apart from airport.
Why use flight for chennai when you can drive to chennai in 5 hours
Leave in sarjapur same rent lots of restaurant, better neighborhood close to Chennai for Drive
  8. @uchil9118 [6 likes]: For a change, vishal is the short guy in the room
  9. @ghostwhowalks2324 [4 likes]: Marriage life for men = household chores taken for granted
  10. @gs-wt6ny [2 likes]: Your videos are getting boring from last few weeks. More other talks and less apartment related information
  11. @guptasagar694 [1 likes]: He is Partner in Deloitte, SO salary must be around 1 to 1.5 crores/year
  12. @chiragshah5682 [1 likes]: your headline seems gay couple
  13. @Himwolf78 [1 likes]: Show is becoming more like an interview than apartments. Here also, they didn't show kitchem, bathroom and other things. Low quality.
  14. @kartikpatel4538 [1 likes]: One of them looks like KL Rahul 😅
  15. @manjunath8777 [1 likes]: Misreporting
  16. @isshiomi6364 [1 likes]: Bangalore has the highest rents in India...The nexus between brokers , influencers & builders lobby exploiting is working very effectively...Most of the people don't bath daily due to severe water shortage... Moreover traffic jams are very horrible
  17. @guptasagar694: They are secretly Gay, i am sure
  18. @ShradhanjaliBose-z9f: Wives took care....misogynistic ppl
  19. @ShradhanjaliBose-z9f: Misogyny
  20. @roshangeorge2127: The first time I have seen someone taller than Vishal

- Surviving TOXIC FAMILY during the holidays: how to stay sane visiting family: Kind: captions Language: en I'm Dr Orion taraban and this is cycax Better Living Through psychology and the topic of today's short talk is surviving toxic family during the holidays the holidays are upon us my friends for many this is a restful enjoyable time where they can spend Precious Moments with loved ones and family for others it is a landmine of conflict and despair this episode is for those in the second category in the years I spent an outpatient addiction I learned the importance of holiday safety planning and that's exactly what we're going to do here today there's a number of things that you can do to keep yourself emotionally safe while you're in the belly of the Beast now before I get into them please remember to like this episode And subscribe to the channel it takes less than a second costs you nothing and it makes a great stocking stuffer so do the thing first and foremost it is important to remember that you can absolutely choose not to spend the holidays with your family yes this might ruffle some feathers but might those feathers get ruffled regardless yes they might not understand but how often do they understand you anyway so if you feel like it's not worth it if you feel like you might not be able to keep your cool or if you feel that you have better things to do than suffer undue criticism and abuse do everyone a favor and make other plans give them the gift of missing you this Christmas and maybe things might be different in the future you have no obligation to spend your time with people who devalue or disrespect you even if or especially if they are family super important to keep that in mind now if you do choose to spend time with your family the very best thing that you can do is to secure your own transportation this is non-negotiable rent a car I understand that this is an additional expense but not having to rely on someone to take you out of a nasty situation if things go sideways is well worth it without the ability to move around freely you will likely feel trapped when things go sour that's going to make everything very much worse very much more quickly how having your own car is an emergency exit you might also consider getting your own place to stay this might feel strange to some folks but then again so might feeling like a prisoner for a week in your childhood bedroom let's be honest that's not really a place for adults if you're an adult you can secure adult accommodations it will take some of the pressure off your hosts and will subtly communicate that this is an adult to adult relationship and it will also give you some place to go if things get heated again have an exit strategy at minimum this means a place to go and a way to get there yes this can be expensive but so are therapy sessions next you might consider reducing the duration of your trip just because you have a week off doesn't mean you have to spend a week with Mom and Uncle Jeff that's a vacation you might need a vacation from spending a couple of days with family is perfectly acceptable you can even just show up for Christmas dinner and leave after dessert after all it's your holiday too there's no need to surrender all your time to appease guilt-tripping relatives who won't be happy anyway and finally I would strongly recommend that you lay off the booze alcohol is almost always involved in big family blow-ups I understand that folks can reach for the bottle in order to make spending time with family more tolerable but it's a risky strategy if things get bad they're more likely to get real bad if alcohol is involved remember no one's ever proud that they drink too much so to recap get your own transportation secure your own lodgings reduce the duration of your trip and lay off the booze what do you think got any tips of your own let us know in the comments below and thank you for listening

  Top Comments:
  1. @jacquelineglitter4328 [11 likes]: I don't invite my narc family anymore. I make the big Turkey dinner, decorate and buy gifts. I still celebrate for my son and my 2 cats.  So much more enjoyable and we get to have leftovers too. I don't have lazy people never offering help or not bringing anything. No more complaining or hearing unsults.We truly have a joyful holiday.
  2. @krystingrant6292 [10 likes]: This is my last holiday. I'm not doing it again I'm done. This year was traumatizing for me now every time I'll fear it'll happen again a fight. They fought on vacation many years ago. I'm done! Great tips. I wish I had my own car when altercation happened I wanted to leave immediately and couldn't
  3. @psychacks [4 likes]: The holidays are upon us, my friends! For many, this is a wonderful time of year when folks get to spend precious time with loved ones. For others, it's a landmine of conflict and despair. This episode is for those in the latter category. Today I'll be talking about holiday safety planning -- a must when dealing with toxic family dynamics. Here are five concrete and actionable tips to stay sane this holiday season.

Orion is a licensed psychologist in the state of California.
Podcast available of Spotify, Instagram, Apple Podcasts, Google Podcasts and others.
See the "About" tab for more information on donations and consultations.
Website: https://oriontarabanpsyd.com
  4. @Stellarchild [3 likes]: 😂. I should have watched this BEFORE going to a cabin with the family. Im exhausted. And now I’m the  black sheep vilain too. 😂
  5. @AndreaHall-k8v [2 likes]: I have always hated the holidays and expectations ..
  6. @lizzyagatha [2 likes]: it's a kind of hell for me
  7. @woodwindgurl [2 likes]: Finances make this all so much more complicated. I am financially dependent on my abusers and only recently moving into adulthood. Finding it hard to escape. I wouldn’t be able to go to college without them and I’m pursuing a career that is not known for being lucrative, but it’s because I love it.
  8. @SuperJ_777 [1 likes]: I'm going to skip Christmas at my sister's. I've reached my breaking point with her  BS
  9. @seventiesmemories5116 [1 likes]: I loved the "make your own transportation" idea. This way you can arrive/leave when you want. 

If you live in a major metro area, there's also Uber (although there's surge pricing/scarcity to deal with during holidays). 

And getting your own place to stay is super important - getting nagged to sleep in some kid's bedroom (or even worse - SHARE) is something to avoid. You're an ADULT - get your own place, your own space.
  10. @Cozumel22 [1 likes]: I abide by all three of these rules for holiday sanity.  It's not perfect, but it definitely helps.
  11. @Undertaker-Spike-AliceCooper: Its simple
Just dont visit them
Keep phone calls to a minimum 
Theres no point being a maytur 
Just have an alternate visit with the relatives you like
I spend my harvest festival aka thanksgiving in a small motel haasd the aircon on high, long baths and hour long showers 
Tons of food and alcohol, escorts, and hot ones at that and watched thanksgiving/Christmas horror movies and such 
Including the 1998 Alien Abduction macphearson tape movie 
It was great
  12. @noahthenameless1341: I hate family vacations
  13. @joe-y4o5y: Great advice, if only I could get my son and DIL to follow it when they visit. It is not always the parents, host that are the problem.
  14. @nicoleadiaz1: Sorry, runoff about your incorrect. I have no choice to spend time with your in-laws if your partner insist of them coming.
  15. @MochaTheOfficial: Thank you so much! Needed to hear this, this morning, to affirm my boundary setting for the holidays!! 🫶🏾
  16. @jeanettepugh6017: Travel, make other plans, keep time spent minimal, etc….  What if they are coming to YOUR HOUSE?

We have always alternated holidays with our niece.  She does Thanksgiving, I do Christmas.  We have already bailed from Thanksgiving at her place because she invited 22 people from her husbands’ family (we don’t know any of them) and she freaks out when stressed.  

Most of the year they ignore us, coming by only when they want something and always in a hurry to leave once they get it.  They never invite us out or to join them for the many other dinners, bbq, etc despite our having taken all five of them to dinner and fixed food on several occasions.  

I really don’t want to waste time, money and energy on them.  Help!
  17. @UsefulThoughts: Hahaha! Love this one! 😂
  18. @emilygarcia1735: You are smart, love it!!
  19. @PifchoBG: Thanks for the tips, very very important. Also "no ones ever pround that they drink too much" Are you sure about that one :D
  20. @Th3BigBoy: Would love to hear about feminist single mothers and the damage they do to their sons.

I can't find any help on this at all.  It's really frustrating.

- How my last family visit set the stage for estrangement: Kind: captions Language: en hi friends it's good to see you this video is going to be a little different maybe from some of my others it's going to be a bit more of a reflection and sharing a bit more of my story and the last visit I made to see my family before I estranged so if you have a few minutes grab a cup of tea grab some coffee get comfortable and I'll talk you through it [Music] [Applause] hi friends if we haven't met yet my name is chess I'm a psychotherapist I'm a coach and I am sadly estranged from my family and I was thinking about my last visit to them and I really wanted to share some thoughts with you guys because family estrangement I think is something that we can have so many assumptions around how it happened and the more I think about mine the more honestly that sometimes the more confused I am I think that I estranged from my family and then sometimes I think but really did they estrange from me I have more questions than answers the further I go so I thought I'd tell you a bit more about my last visit this visit was actually 4 years before I I started to the cut off process it was a time in my life when I hadn't even considered estrangement I I just I mean yes I knew what the word meant but it was no way was it on my radar was it anything that I ever thought that I would do it was just so beyond anything that I thought would ever happen to me And yet when I look back on that last visit there was so many problems and warning signs and yet I was still trying my best I was still trying so hard to make the relationship work so I'll tell you a bit more about that visit and then things that happened since that visit that really like led into the the actual cut off so winding at the clock it was about 8 years ago now so it's been about four years since I is strange so it's another four more years or so before then I'd been living overseas for a while but I decided to go back for a visit to see my my my parents and my sister and I was determined I remember just that I just really wanted it to work because so many other aspects of my life were going well and I just felt that I wanted to have a good relationship with my family and this is actually something that I I thought really since adulthood even be before that actually how can I have a better relationship with my family and and so for this visit there were a few things I did differently I went just by myself I chose just a visit with my family I didn't go and visit friends I didn't go and visit other relatives because when I'd done that before my mom and my dad would kind of complain they'd be unhappy that that I went back but there was never enough time and I was always gallivanting around and and and seeing other people and so they were always thinking that I wasn't spending enough time just with them and they've moved to a different part of the UK than I know I don't know any one where they live and it's the kind of place that a lot of people retire to so it's probably not the kind of place that I would choose in my midadulthood to go and hang out but I thought you know I'm going to go and visit them so this is what I'll do so I went to see them and I basically just tried to slot in with whatever they wanted I saw my sister and her family we went to my dad's golf course I really tried to do the things that they wanted to do of course of course I'm not a martyr and I'm sure that we had conversations where they would have asked me about things things that I I wanted to do but I I do remember and I I feel very clearly about the relationship that I at this point I'd really learned to kind of censor myself and I knew that say going to see a friend was not going to go down well if I chose to do something that took away time from what they wanted to do it was It was kind of frowned upon it wasn't looked upon in a very good light so I just basically spent time with them and I remember saying to myself I'm just I just I'm going to put my best foot forward every time every time I'm just determined to make this work I don't want any more arguments I don't want any more Strife I just want to have a good visit with them and right at the end of the week I was there for a week and we went out for a meal and it was kind of in a busy Pub local pub and it was my mom and my dad and my sister my brother-in-law and my sister's children and I remember at this meal it was my last full day there and my dad stood up and wanted to make this speech because that's he's the head of the family and that's what he wanted to do so he tapped on the glass like he thought it was at a wedding reception or something and he said and these are his words he said well I'm sure we can all agree that chess's visit wasn't nearly as bad as we thought it was going to be he actually stood up in the middle of a pub a public place and proclaimed this I was mortified for myself I was just like oh my God but I think I I've been so used to them embarrassing me and and saying bad things and putting me down in these subtly cruel and nasty ways I just remember thinking oh my God I'm here my brother-in-law like I was so embarrassed I was embarrassed for him to hear it and for myself because I was being made out to be this awful person and my sister's kids they they well they they're a teen at that point and I was like you're just making me look awful you're you're talking as if I'm some problematic toddler rather than a 40-year-old successful woman who you're supposed to love and who's given up time given paid a lot of money to come and see you my husband wasn't there I'd come on my own I hadn't seen anybody else I was on unpaid leave and that is how you want to talk to me and that is how you want to view my visit at the time of course I I just just let it go because I realize that that's just what my family do but walking away from the pub I this I also remember distinctly I remember saying to myself I am never going to put myself through this again I'm never going to come back here on my own without my husband without support and and put myself in the situation where I can be talked to or about or whatever where where someone can say that about me but I wasn't thinking of estrangement so fast forward to when the estrangement really started to happen I went to see I went to see a counsel of because I still couldn't figure out how to have a relationship a good relationship with my family and I went to see her and I said please can you help me understand can you help me have a better relationship with my family I didn't want to estrange I didn't I wasn't looking for what was wrong with them I was like can you tell me what I'm doing wrong here what is wrong with me why am I not able to communicate with my family because at that point so four years after the visit and the pub incident I'd suggested to my family that I was going to go back for another visit I hadn't gone for 4 years and and that's I think quite a long time and and i' suggested to my sister and my parents that I would go back for another visit with my husband this time actually what I hadn't told them that was that I was going to stay with my aunt and uncle and just visit with the rest of my family but we didn't get there and and so I suggested to them that I my my husband and I were going to make this visit and their response to me was the timing is inconvenient perhaps another year would work it's like I'm sorry you're busy for the whole year for me to come and visit it's inconvenient for me to suggest a 365 days where I might pop in for a cup of tea and then my my dad even said this to to me I can't believe it he said and actually chess it's quite inconsiderate of you to to suggest these dates because of the things that they were doing in their life or their lives and I just remember thinking what is wrong with you I live overseas I know what it's like when someone says that they're going to go to that effort to come to visit me I understand the time the money the the hassle and I think it's such an honor that someone even thinks about coming to visit me I just think it's such a gift that someone would come and visit me And yet when I said I was going to visit my family and their response was it's really not convenient for us and there's something wrong with you to suggest it I was horrified I was absolutely horrified and on the back of what had happened on the previous visit with that awful meal in the pub that's when I went to see the counselor and I just said can you help me what am I doing wrong I just want to have a good relationship with my family and her response was Jess is not you it's them you're not doing anything wrong here the way they're responding for you isn't fair it's not kind and there's a lot more to the story I had contacted my dad and said you know I think it's really unreasonable that you you've said that I'm I'm being inconsiderate by suggesting these days you know and I was really hurt by what you said to me in the pub and of course his response was oh well I had no idea we don't remember it the thing in the pub didn't happen I spoke to your mom no no she doesn't know it we'd know if that happened and I'm like stop denying this stop denying the truth I know what happened I was there and you can make all the excuses that you want but actually what you're doing what you're doing is you're you're proving how unsafe you are you're proving how there is no hope for this relationship you're proving that you're not open to any kind of conversation where I can say look this is not working for me it was just another nail in the coffin and when I went to see that councel I was just like oh my gosh what am I dealing with the next part is a whole other story because that led to the actual estrangement a lot of very difficult behaviors from my family side and and really A Mental Health crisis for me but I got through it and I and I'm here to tell the tale and I think the one thing I do want to say is that actually I don't really know what I want to say I just wanted to share it because I think that people can so often look at the the subject of estrangement or look at videos on YouTube and and not understand really some of the detail and the real heartbreak that can come from I don't even know what the word is just families who can't be families they just can't do it they just can't do it anyway there's lots more to my story I'll probably continue it on in another video but that's everything for today thanks for being here if you're going through a difficult time with family please know from my heart and soul to yours that I don't know what you're going through all the details but I think I get it on some level and and I'm sorry and you're not alone please take care I'll talk to you soon bye for now

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheRealDeadhorse: Oh, geez! The drama queen is back on my screen.  Why can’t I make you go away?
  2. @ewamuschik4013: ❤
  3. @rubbersidedown7041: Many of us have had similar experiences with narcissist family. I appreciate you being vulnerable and sharing your story. It helps us. Thank you.
  4. @OrneryA: Yeh, relatives can be jerks.  But with them you can't get away because you're part of the "family".  I'm an only child and when I got married I thought, "Cool!!  I'll have others my age to enjoy good times with."  But, ..... not really.  When we all had kids the same age we got together for this and that, but not on a regular basis.  Every one was always busy with their own thing.  And it seemed like the older in-laws were bitter about their life situation and took it out on their children (my brothers and sisters-in-law), who in turn were stand off-ish.  I often thought, "things will get better when the old people pass away".  And things did when they left this earth,  but then my brothers and sisters-in-law got older along with me and their deeply imbedded hurts from earlier times have come out.  I've noticed that some people can have abrupt personality changes in stress and that sometimes they just don't bounce back to normal.  Or a life situation that has been going on forever didn't bother them too much because they were busy with other things, but now it is grating on their nerves since the kids are out of the house and they are free to dwell on it.  I've gotten along with friends/relatives for decades and then all of a sudden they short circuit and "let you have it" in a nasty way.  Pretty disappointing when that happens.  It's fogged my brain for years when I think back on good times with people, and then they go bonkers on you.  Time to make new acquaintances, I guess.
  5. @damianreid2452: Only just discovered your channel. Breaks my heart to listen to your story. You seem like a really good person with very high emotional intelligence. Your dad, maybe not so much. Hope 2026 finds you happy and well. X
  6. @wills7319: Arms all around you…….
  7. @JayDerrrrrr: The timelines might vary but the milestones remain the same including that pivotal moment where you say, “I’m never putting myself through that again”.
  8. @LarthVolos: I feel bad for you. I have experienced the same and actually it was very similar.
If one has a friend or anyone who does not respect boundaries, other person, who manipulates etc, it is good to cut off contact. Parents are no exception. Genes means nothing.
  9. @maureenmcgarry4191: <3
  10. @makaylahollywood3677: I am so sorry for your family situation. I can relate. It's Not You.
  11. @judahjackson9506: Thanks for sharing I needed to hear your story at this point in my life. I am being lead to separate from my family too
  12. @lss74: I'm only a few minutes in.... and I'm getting feelings they might be envious of you hun.... 🫂💖
  13. @shmoopiebear: You can't expect star light coming from black holes.
  14. @shmoopiebear: Gabor Mate' taught me this response for such incidences.

"I will not make myself available to be talked to that way ever again"

silence
  15. @shmoopiebear: You should never visit your family again.  Cut off all contact.  Period.  Cheers.
  16. @shmoopiebear: Oftentimes it is better to play the fake  joyful villain then the authentic sad hero.  Think about that one for a sec'.
  17. @shmoopiebear: Acceptance is that they won't change for the better.  But you will and can.  That is where hope is.  Cheers.
  18. @shmoopiebear: People need to go from estrangement to outright disowning.  Once you get that into your mind right behavior follows.  It takes time but everything falls into place and things eventually work out.  Cheers.
  19. @donnalittle1507: Yeah, this is a no win.  They know you play by their rules so then they can keep you in the crosshairs.
  20. @chris_23-a: The only thing I regret about my estrangement is that it didn't happen sooner. I do not want toxic people in my life.

- Narcissistic Family: GUILT-TRIPS they Will Use to Control You: Kind: captions Language: en hey hi everyone I want to talk about types of narcissistic family guilt trips my name is Jerry wise I work with a lot of adult children of narcissistic families I come from a marriage and family background pastoral counseling background addictions background even worked in psychiatric areas uh and offices and so I bring all of this information to helping those with those kinds of struggles and these kind of struggles of guilt trips are very important because a lot of people come to me often and say Jerry help me with my guilt I understand their crazy making or their guilt tripping but I don't know what to do with my guilt well the first thing is we want to identify the guilt tripping patterns number one victim Guilt Trip the narcissistic family member portrays themselves as the victim and blames you for their suffering and they may say things like you always hurt me I do so much for you and now this is how you repay me and then there's a thousand other ways that it can be said and I believe that's a very common one The Narcissist who should be in who wants to be and is in control of everything wants to be seen as the victim they are the ones being persecuted and that you are the one who are setting up the circumstances for the victimization of them of course that is a myth it's not true and so we want to First recognize victim Guilt Trip fact you can even list all of these if you'd like and then when you talk to your family or your family members just check the one that they're using using and then you can go research and work on how can I counter that and I've got lots of videos on countering those things number two the comparison guilt trip this involves comparing you unfavorably to someone else often a sibling or another family member they might say why can't you be more like your sister why can't you be more like your brother she's all always so considerate or or why can't you do what your sister does she always comes and takes care of me and checks in on my needs or calls me often because obviously you don't call me enough and again the comparisons being pretty enough educated enough successful enough have As Nice a skin as they have there's a thousand ways for us to be compared to someone else and those those comparison guilt trips have been foisted on us for many decades and it triggers guilt in us which then keeps the power of those guilt trips going because often we give away our power at that point when we have those comparison guilt trips and that there may even be a times where you have actually faltered or failed or maybe not done as much and they will use that as a sign of see how you're not as nice or as good or as holy or as helpful or supportive as someone else and I have a right to be imperfect I have a right to fail I have a right to have faults and that doesn't mean I'm less than someone else number three conditional love guilt trips and I've had even people say what is you know what is unconditional love and Jerry help me with what is conditional love the narcissist uses love and affection as a bargaining tool they may say if you really loved me you would do this for me I'll only love you if you meet my expectations or if you perform in a certain way that's conditional love Guilt Trip and those are very common tool or intervention or practice that narcissistic families use if you don't do these things then you must not love me and I like to always separate those two things out no I don't want to do those things and I do love you and my underlying thought is put that in your pipe and smoke it I don't say that I just go wait a minute I do love you and I don't want to do those things I do love you but I don't want to bring that casserole for Christmas dinner this year because I've got three young children I'm trying to deal with them a husband who's had to do overtime and I just don't have time to do that and I still love the family and I still love you so I'm going to separate out those things with conditional trips number four the Martyr Guilt Trip many of you have experienced that I'm quite sure they exaggerate their sacrifices and hardships to make you feel guilty for not meeting their demands for example you know I've given up everything for you I changed my whole life when you were born and this is how you repay me I remember one father um in a situation who told his daughter and I paid for your college and now you're not going to do this when actually they again edit things and narcissistic families edit out things rewrite history overemphasize the amount of help that they give gave her education cost I don't know how many tens upon tens of thousands of dollars maybe even 150,00 ,000 and Dad contributed 5,000 and he says I paid for her education and that exaggeration is very common for martyr guilt trips they will exaggerate the amount of what they have given and how they have sacrificed for you and of course he gave 5,000 now he gave 5,000 I think that should be appreciated nothing wrong with saying you know well thank you so much for contributing your $5,000 I appreciate that but Dad my education cost me $145,000 so I'm not sure that using that as a tool is the best thing to get me to come around I'm not going to feel that guilt I'm not going to choose that guilt because you have sacrificed everything and also I often will tell parents or even have told my own parent that you know that's what parents do without being or needing to be paid back I understand that's not how our family Works dad in this situation but you know I think parents do that because they have a child you know well I bought you your first car well often kids can't afford to buy a first car you know I I don't know where they're supposed to get the money they don't have a career with General Motors or Delo or IBM or some company or whatever they they can't go buy their first car so a parent helps with that and a parent helps maybe even with the first Department maybe even with education maybe that's kind of normal that's kind of reasonable what's unreasonable is now you owe me that's the unreasonable part number five the silent treatment guilt trip this involves giving you the silent treatment or withdrawing affection to make you feel guilty they want you to chase after their approval and their attention and that's what silent treatment is about well then I just won't talk to them and you know they'll see how important or how much they need me and they're hoping you will dive into the pool of guilt and and then you'll come back on hands and knes begging for you know I'm so sorry I know I shouldn't have done that uh I recently had a a woman who had been helping with her father's care and he had been sexually abusive to her growing up and and this was in Massachusetts and and she was um uh one of many siblings and the other siblings weren't helping their father who was having strugg with his own severe health issues and probably was close to death and again the issue of oh well I'll just keep things quiet until you come around and realize that you need my love and approval and I always tend to want to when someone is saying and making the point that I need their love and approval I always tend to want to go well then maybe that's something I should not be pursuing because if you're going to make me hustle for it or chase it then it's not real love or real or Genuine approval number six shaming Guilt Trip ah this is a very common one I hear this one every day all day so many times uh narcissist parents May will use shaming tactics to make you feel inadequate or flawed and they might say you're just such a disappointment I can't believe you did that I don't know why Jerry you won't come and visit me more often at the nursing home when I have assessed a parent or a relative is just fine in the nursing home they're doing well they're just suffering from from their own health limitations but it doesn't mean I can stop my work and my full-time job to help me and them you know with the financial resources I can't stop all that and go visit them every day at the nursing home so they have someone to talk to I'm sorry they are in this life sit circumstance I didn't make their choices for the last many decades and that may mean that they are uncomfortable at this point in life that's okay that's what life that's you know you know uh you know uh s happens and you can fill out the S yourself it does happen especially when we made more poor choices over the years and so there will be that shaming uh guilt trip of you know you're just such a disappointment well you know I might respond with I can live with being the disappointing son I can live with that Mom I can live with that Dad I hope you will also just because I'm disappointing doesn't mean I don't care you're tying the two together I don't tie the two together and I can be the disappointing son and accept that how long have I been the disappointing son for like forever well I can deal with that I've come to accept that and so shaming is not going to get me back into that role you're just such a disappointment you're just not the son who I thought you would be you're just not uh this and that and the other well you know I'm just not and I hope we can live with that and if you can't I can and I'm not trying to be mean I'm just trying to be realistic it's okay if you don't accept that and I can be okay to accept that because that's not a bind I want to find myself in number seven conditional support guilt trips they offer support or help but with strings attached and it's a way to comply with their wishes they might say if you don't do what I say you'll regret that well I might that's possible uh but I'm not sure I have to do what you say to not regret it I may do something against what you say but I'll have to deal with my own guilt in the future or you know you can even say you know if if I don't do what you say and I feel guilty or have regrets that's what I've got a therapist purp for that's what I've got a coach for and if you need a coach come look online you can come and have sessions with me also I might share that I have the an online program because we really want to change this uh stubborn guilt that we have and I've got a program that's six modules long I've spent 45 years on it take a look at it it includes monthly group sessions with me and I think you might find ways to overcome that guilt take a look at that down below and I hope that you will decide it's time to make a real change number eight there's future consequence guilt trips The Narcissist threatens negative consequences if you don't comply with their wishes and again if you you don't do what I say you're going to regret it again that's what I have a therapist for that's what I have support group for that's what I have my home recovery for yeah I might regret it but you know I'm going to learn to deal with my own choices and my own decisions and so I have to make those decisions the way I have to make them if there's regret to deal with that'll be my mind to deal with and I'm willing to take that responsibility so you don't have to fuss with that anymore mom or dad you don't have to struggle with that I'm going to take that burden on myself but thanks for thinking of me number nine religious or moral guilt trips this is very very common they use religious or moral arguments to make you feel guilty for not conforming to their beliefs or values uh this can be a particularly potent if you share the same Faith or values Now Jerry do you think that's what what God would want you to do well I will need to check with him about that I'm not sure that he has sent you to be my moral conscience I think that for me to work on my own moral conscience you're free to pray to God and tell him to show me the true way but I'd actually mom and dad like to hear that from God or the Holy Spirit or my own spirituality not from you you may want to work on your own spirituality I'll work on [Music] mine and uh there are many other ways to deal with those check out the online program which is your new road to self you'll never regret investing in that number 10 gaslighting guilt trips we all have come to learn or if you've not you will gaslighting is a part of narcissism uh gaslighting is a form of manipulation where the narcissist denies their behavior distorts the truth or undermines the perception of reality and undermines your perception of reality they might say I never said that you know why are you just making things up well um if you want to believe you never said it that's okay if you need to believe I'm making things up about you you have that right to do it but I'm going to stand firm in my reality because I know that's not what I saw it's not what I heard it's not what I experienced gaslighting guilt trips work on those things I think and there's some excellent books on gaslighting uh which I also share so often and I would recommend you take a look at those I want to thank you for watching today I want to I hope you have a great day and be wise

  Top Comments:
  1. @jerrywise [40 likes]: Finally get your family OUT OF YOU & be the true self you were never allowed to be 👇
Access my free training - https://jerrywise.ewebinar.com/webinar/free-training-10027 

‘Road to Self’ Program: Join 10,000+ people who have transformed their lives! https://www.jerrywiserelationshipsystems.com/road-to-self
  2. @Todd-w6u [4 likes]: My mom (in Ariz) once said , “you live too far away”.  I (in Calif) said, “why do you say that” ,  she said, “because I have things for you to do around the house” !  She didn’t say , because we miss you and want to see you more often. No, she had chores for me !   Thank goodness for the 450 mile buffer zone!
  3. @Tyler-x4f1b [1 likes]: Family is your worst enemy and they are the first that wants you to fail sad but very true however not all families are like that
  4. @PLNChaos28: My brother constantly guilt trips me. 😅
  5. @JohnSmith-ks5xw: My father uses every single one of these tactics. Gaslighting, criticizing , and using withdrawal as vindictive punishment to control me are his favorites . And of course also the smear campaign.
  6. @mariaadhiambo4738: The Martyr guilt trip my parent does this all the time especially with money and supporting my siblings i have put everything on hold to support them otherwise they make me feel guilty
  7. @Atsuma890: I recently just told my father that I didn’t want to stop at “X,Y n Z” for them, but still made a plan to stop by them just for him.

He still got upset and told me that he was tired of the excuses I make so I wouldn’t have to go to “X,Y n Z”. After being honest and upfront about really not wanting to go to said places….

So I’m not sure what to do.
  8. @carmenl163: I just had a conversation with my boss. She made a big mess, which made it impossible for me to do my job, and somehow I feel guilty now! It's unbelievable how sly they are in turning the tables. 
I am so very grateful for the support of Jerry and this wonderful community to help me regain my sanity.
  9. @Sparxy49: This one is a killer 😔 the silent and shaming treatment guilt trips. I have recurring feelings of guilt and shame, randomly throughout the day. I despise my mother for stealing my joy and destroying my brain chemistry. 😔
  10. @mindroam: At 7:00 I wish he hadn't talked about the $5k thing. Because then it seems like if my parents paid for my whole education then that entitled them to whatever they want which is my current guilt. I realize he said afterward that that's what parents do for their children. But by mentioning the dad paying a portion it kind of opened up the logical counterargument that if they paid of all of the expense that's different
  11. @pauldembowski5465: Jerry, you had me at put that in your pipe and smoke it! Thank you for you’re teaching and sharing of your knowledge  I listen throughout the week and weeks. I’ve been studying narcissism at six years now and I’m still blown away By the micro details in my own toxicities, and I have to continually be reminded of and practice on a daily basis. Thank you Jerry thank you Jerry!
  12. @chelly_belly11: 🌹
  13. @laurenbeckerle7977: My parents both always blame any stress, anxiety, or my Mom’s digestive IBS issues, on me and my brother. It rotated between us when we were younger. Pretty sure I’m permanently to blame at this point. My brother can’t seem to see the narcissism.
  14. @eddsy-u2s: I like the message; I can live with that and I accept that. 😊 ❤
I myself noticed at 34 years old. My mom and sister have narcissistic personalities. They disregard that I have a life on my own (I’m married and have stuff to deal with) and expect me to do things for them. The guilt hurts but now I learn to accept that they are narcissistic. Now it doesn’t hurt as much because I’m aware. 😅
  15. @DarthAmethyst94: Thank you. This video helped me open my mind a bit more. I was dealing with narcissistic family members until I cut them off. These guilt trips were overused on me for years. N every time I felt that guilt and didn't know how to respond, I just broke down as they shamed me. Now I know just what to say if I ever face this again or help someone who is facing a similar situation. 😄😄😄
  16. @quietkristin: thank you for giving me advice to respond to my mother. this helped me a lot.
  17. @quietkristin: thank you. this changed my perspective on things.
  18. @kill3rclown690: Dont forget that theyll do whatever they can to try and get you to give in dont give them that satisfaction
  19. @pengembangandiri7352: so trueee
  20. @pengembangandiri7352: it is so me 😢

- Want to invite your parents to Sweden | Friends and family visiting visa | Roam With Ashutosh: Kind: captions Language: en Firstly, thank you very much from both of us, to all those who wished us, it happened on Instagram, then on YouTube, thank you very much, bromine. Before the video starts, an important thing is if any post is made on March 1, the flight from Delhi which leaves at 8:00 am reaches Finland, if anyone is joining in it, then please rule me, know the Instagram handle below ashutosh.in or you can comment, you can like, talk to you, respect, because my parents are here, they have not ever traveled outside India, so if someone is joining, then obviously those people will get some help, please welcome back to the inside video, and in this video we are going to talk about Sweden, if your parents want to come to Sweden, then their visa is for 90 days, which is for visiting friends and family, then how to apply for it, how to submit the by matrix or the form, we will talk about it in detail today, and yes, if you guys ever plan to send your parents If you want to call your relative, do n't do it through an agent. I'm saving you ₹3000. So, watch this video carefully. After watching it, you do n't need to recharge your agent. If you still want to send your message, then if you want to apply for a visa, you will have to apply through BF SMS, meaning VFS. Obviously, the Swedish embassy will grant you the visa, but you will have to go through VFS only. Without a date, I think it's not possible. So, for those who do n't know what VFS is, there is an agency called VFS, Visa Facilitation Service Global. Just like Sweden has VFS, Canada also has one. The embassies of different countries have given it to VFS, that you collect everyone's applications, keep the fees, and send it to us. Then, we will review and grant you the visa. Now, it should be done through VFS. Whatever forms you have to download, you have to do it on the VFS website, as I'm showing you on the screen right now. This is the link. You have to go here and you must be seeing all the forms here, you have to download the Schengen visa form, appendix, power of turning, insurance and whatever. Keep one thing in mind, you can get all these forms from the migration work centre, which is the migration agency of Sweden, but as I said, I downloaded the form from there and filled it, and the VFS one was also there. When we went to the centre, they said that we do not want this one, the migration workers we had done, so the date in VFS is applicable, so don't get confused, so what you have to fill in the online form is very normal, so you have to fill your details, fill in the details of your parents and fill in your address, why do you want to call them, you have to write in short what is your relation, that form is very easy to fill, so I will not talk about it in detail now, so you fill in your details, but one thing which is important there is a member state of entry, so now when you enter Europe, you take If you are coming directly through Denmark or through Finland, then when your first entry point is there, you have to exit from there, it is not that it will be Sweden, so take care of that thing, now if you are coming from Doha, Doha is not in your operator, then you need to fill Doha there, your flight is from India to Doha, then you will have to fill Sweden there, but take care of the first entry point in Europe, fill that one where the first entry is done, okay, you have filled the Sanjan form, the next form which you will download now is appendix like when you download it from VFS, but when you open it, it will be written on top, invitation, so the most important thing in the invitation form is that you have a way and for how long will you be visiting, from when to how long you want to visit, so that thing should be 90 days only, if it is here and there from 90 then there are chances of rejection, so the second thing is what is the purpose of the visit, you can write anything in it Just to spend time with us, you can fill that and give financial details, travel, so all the things, so you can give yours and give if you have to mention the relationship with the application, there is one below, other information, so there I have written that I am this, I do this or my wife works here, so I have written a little about myself, after that it is written here what documents you have to attach, so first is the copy of your ID card, passport and equivalent like ID proof, after that certificate of civics registration mark in front of foreign tax agency not hold on three months, so I have given its link below, now where can you go and download it, so if you live in Sweden, this is proof that you have been here for so long, then you can download this thing from here, documents with showing the details of your employment income, so your contract, job contract, if you are giving yours, then it is correct, if you give it sometime, then collect it. Yes, I had already given it to you, so you have to attach that document there, okay, the appendix is done, the form is done, after that there is our power of attorney, not power of attorney, you don't have to do anything in that, you just have to sign the form, but when you go there to submit the form, you can do it there, after that what do you have to give, where you are staying, when you have taken a house here on rent, then there is a contract for that, so you have to submit that contract also, which is not mentioned here, but I had given it, after that the salary, so I think we had given the salary slip of 3 months, so it would be better if you give that also, after that, before submitting the visa application, there is a fear that if the visa gets rejected when we submit it, then we have booked a ticket, then there will be a loss, right, like in Air France or Fares, when you go there and book the ticket, there is an option that I want you to like this ticket for 72 hours, if you don't make your payment after that So the ticket gets cancelled for that 72 hours, if you do it then you get the ticket, so you have to pay very little money for that, I think it is between 1500 to 3000, not 3000, also I think it is between 1500 to 2000, I don't remember exactly, you can do that, so when you take your visa, the appointment in VFS, is fine tomorrow, so I booked that ticket today and so that it is valid from tomorrow till the day after tomorrow for 72 hours, so when they check, I don't think the embassy people check whether you have the ticket or not because by the time it goes to the embassy, it becomes more than 72 hours, I think in VFS there is a checklist that you need a return ticket, if you have a return ticket then obviously you will get the return ticket, right, if you have a ticket for both the journeys, then it is just a check there, yes, but what we did was that we saw that Friend, if we book the ticket now and the visa comes after 10 days, then the prices will increase a lot, so what did we do, we took the risk and booked the ticket, if the visa is not approved then there would have been a loss, so it is completely up to you whether you want to book the ticket now or keep a dummy ticket and book it later, so it's completely up to you, the next thing which is very important that people look at is that you should have health insurance, I mean I don't have it, people who are coming, you can buy health insurance from India if you want, but you can get good insurance here also, as per the research I have done or seen in Facebook groups or heard from friends, there is a company here in Godda which provides you insurance, it is done in Sweden, Norway etc, so it becomes a little easier, whereas now if you take some insurance from India, then if you need insurance or you want to take your parents to the hospital here and if you ever have to go, son, then that process, think a little bit It will be difficult because you will have to contact in India but here if you have health insurance I think it will be a little easier so it up to you if you live there that it costs 50000 dollars or 30000 euros 60, it is done at a very low price for 16 fourth three vans of both so all this is done now the most important thing for us I also had to face and even now people do it very quickly is that in BFS you have to book an appointment that we are going today to submit, earlier I had heard that these appointments etc. were not there and last year also we have a friend in Bangalore, they left without an appointment, these people just say that they need an appointment but they entertain without an appointment also but I am not sir, going without an appointment is like a waste if you live in the same city, it's fine date Bangalore Mumbai it's okay but if like you we live in Odisha, my mom and dad, they went to Kolkata Because they did not go near the Vas and told us there that you do not have an appointment, so we will not entertain you, then there would be a problem, that is why I say that it is necessary for you to book an appointment and keep this thing in mind that when you book an appointment, we saw that we are booking an appointment on 15th December, then we saw that there are stalls available there for two Jains, when I filled in for the appointment there, after that it says that there are no stalls available, I tried it many times, then I also got the same result, then what I did was that first I did my father's tax, it was done there and I think you have to pay some money, I do not remember that amount, you have to pay it, after that there is an option that we will courier it to you, when your visa is issued from the embassy, they charge 300 rupees, then I got my uncle's tax done too, so when I had done the tax separately, it was not getting done while I was doing the tax for two Jains, so this is the reason for this thing Keep in mind yes and one thing I forgot is photographs so you have to keep your photographs I think three-four, eight-nine whatever you want I had actually taken a printout at home then when we went there they said that friend this photo will not work and go and take the photograph in a studio and like the background so keep this thing in mind I think it is from this video am I not forgetting anything then you have to go to the appointment on the day you have booked you have to go there your biometric will be taken fingerprints and give the photograph it will be done in 10 minutes then you can return to your home in 10 minutes okay and after all this you will get my visa within I think four to five days because and the visa was delivered at home because we had done that thing then the visa was delivered and say are you ever getting it and I am really happy c r also very happy excited let's see how we feel we will share that thing with you guys if someone comes on 1st March so please let me know and from New Delhi This is actually Delhi you are Finland 810 morning okay so thank you Guy if your mom and dad would have come here then it would have been great you don't need to give money to anyone again for that region anyway this video definitely deserves a like [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @preetijohn5652: Contract would be in Swedish, would that be a problem
  2. @rak04: Sir, I am from Tamilnadu state. Please confirm if passive income visa is issued in Sweden to Indians.
  3. @rit192: Hello, do we require travel itinerary when visiting friends  in sweden??
  4. @Rohitsingh-db4cr: Thanks Ashutosh its nice video, How long before we can apply? I am planing to invite my parents in June or July .. Do we need to apply for Schengen separately or it covers all the Schengen country already ?
  5. @bulatigagan: I am watching from Balangir Orissa
  6. @spm-13: Very informative video. Make a video on dependent visa to Sweden.
  7. @adeelahmed80: Hi I am a Canadian  citizen. Do I need to have a visa to visit my sister lives in Stockholm. My visit ll be for 10 days maximum. Can somebody help with relevant and newly updated information. Thanks!
  8. @pallabbarua9518: Hej bro!! Hope you are good! Is there any requirement for room size?
  9. @Arnob_ED: is it possible to shift parents permanantly in Sweden ? after Pr/Citizenship?
  10. @Dailyvideo-wj4wr: Mujhe 33000 gross krona salary ki offer hoi hai Kya is main family ko bola sakta hon
  11. @Anonymous-vt8wv: Do we need to show a certain amount in the bank while applying for the Visa?
  12. @shanasworld3712: Salam bhai post office k through spouse visa jama ho skta? Or agr family visa post office k through jama ho jata h or apko kuch time bad case num k letter b aa jate hain tou os k bad interview ki mail ya letter kitne time bad ata plz kuch idea h tou btyn plzzz rply kr dyn guide kr dyn plzzz bhai
  13. @ronnienaikey: Hi! I applied for the Schengen visa for my parents, and even though I had selected multiple entries, it has a note with it that says only applicable for Sweden. Do you happen to know what to do in this case if we want to visit other countries?
  14. @DurgaiStor: Nice Video, Can you make video on Parents Siblings Dependant Visa?
  15. @sreebal9208: Thanks for your detailed video . Question: did you provide bank statement and itr returns for your parents aswell ?
  16. @sunnymac06: There is no option in Finnair to hold the ticket for 72 hours , It is asking directly to pay. Is that information correct and has someone used this option ?
Also, Is it mandatory to give partner detail (like salary and job contract info) like you mentioned in the video,  in Invitation form there is place to fill only 1 person details (person who is inviting). So would it be ok to give details of only 1 person ?
  17. @vandanaverma1183: Hi Ashutosh, I need your help regarding visa n medical insurance that need to be done for parents
  18. @garima1708: Hi Ashutosh,My brother is in Sweden and me and my parents are going to visit him...Need to ask that how much balance we have to maintain per head in our account before applying for visa to sweden ..or if he is going to invite us then how much balance approximately he have to show in his account to invite three of us from india to sweden
  19. @iqratoor2127: My married sister and brother are in Sweden can they call me there in visit visa through there invitation?
  20. @GAURAVJEETSINGH1: Do we need to add detailed travel itinerary in case of Visit Family and Friends Visa too ? Or we just need to mention that i will be staying at my friends place for a month, as its not a tourist visa but visitor visa

- How To Maintain Collective Family Identity In Bicultural Homes?: Kind: captions Language: en Have you ever wondered how to beautifully weave together the rich tapestry of different cultures within your home, ensuring every family member feels a deep sense of belonging and connection. Maintaining a strong collective family identity in bicultural homes is all about intentionally blending cultural traditions, values, and practices from both backgrounds into a unique shared family culture that everyone contributes to and cherishes. This intentional blending is vital because it provides children with a stable foundation and a sense of rootedness. When children understand and appreciate their diverse heritage, they develop greater self-esteem, cultural intelligence, and resilience. It helps them confidently navigate both worlds, reducing feelings of being caught in between and fostering a complete sense of self. To cultivate this beautiful shared identity, start by creating a family mission statement or a set of core values that incorporate elements from both cultures. For example, you might blend fily with concepts of individual expression and democratic family decisionm. Make traditions a regular part of your family life. This could mean celebrating holidays from both cultures, telling stories from your heritage, or cooking traditional meals together. Engage your children in these activities, explaining the significance and inviting their input on how to adapt them to your unique family. This process is often called cultural synthesis where new meanings and practices emerge from the combination of different cultural elements. Another powerful strategy is to establish a shared family language or a special dialect of words and phrases that are meaningful to your family alone. This could involve incorporating words from both heritage languages or creating inside jokes that reflected your bicultural experiences. Furthermore, create a visual representation of your family story, such as a family tree that highlights migration paths or a gallery of photos celebrating different cultural milestones. These tangible reminders help solidify your collective narrative. Ultimately, nurturing a collective family identity strengthens bonds and equips your children with a unique perspective and a profound sense of self. It allows them to embrace the richness of their dual heritage, fostering adaptable, empathetic, and globally aware individuals who are proud of their origins and excited about their future.

- Leave Your House To Your Kids Without Costing Them THOUSANDS Of Dollars. Here’s How!: Kind: captions Language: en leave your house to your kids without costing them thousands of dollars here's how i'm michael jenkins and as an estate planning attorney we talk about this with clients every day how do i get my house to my kids in the best way possible and let's talk about three approaches two bad approaches and a good approach now the first is transferring title while you're alive so just signing a deed that takes your name off title and puts your kids on there now in some very select cases that may make sense when it's part of a broader strategy but for most people it's a horrible idea let's say you bought the house in 1970 for fifteen thousand dollars and obscenely low price by today's standards the house is probably worth close to or more than a million bucks at this point because everybody wants to live in san diego now if you transfer a title this way just by taking your name off and giving it to your kids while you're alive if the kids ever go to sell that property they're going to pay a very hefty tax bill in the form of capital gains because they didn't get what's called a step up in basis so the irs is going to tax them on the difference between 15 000 and the sale price let's assume it's a million bucks now in that scenario it's not unusual to see kids pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in capital gains taxes because this strategy was used now that's not to mention the fact that once you sign that deed and you're not on title it's not your house anymore so you have no say in what happens after that now the second approach putting kids on title as a joint tenant is very common for some reason but it suffers the same issue the thought is i'll put my kid on title as a joint tenant so it's in both of our names while i'm alive but when i pass it goes to them automatically and we stay out of probate court and that's true we don't go through probate court but the kids don't get the step up in basis so they pay the same tax bill and since there's now a co-owner of the property you've effectively lost control of the house now there's other issues there with creditors as well but those are the big ones now the third option is the better route that's setting up a trust it can be a simple trust that just says i'm gonna put my house into the name of the trust and when i'm not here the trust should pass it to my kids and if we do it that way and do it right then what happens is the kids inherit the house through the trust when you pass away we don't go to probate court we don't spend a bunch of time and money on attorney fees or court fees it's still a simple process and when the kids take the house that way they get a step up in basis that means the irs would treat it as if the kids bought the house for whatever the value is when you passed away so instead of selling it and paying capital gains on the difference between 15 000 and a million bucks they sell it and their basis is a million bucks that means the kids won't have to pay hundreds of thousands of dollars in capital gains tax if passed through a trust now if you have any questions about what the best way for you to pass your house on to your kids is always feel free to give us a call send us an email send us a text we're here and we're happy to answer any questions

  Top Comments:
  1. @jjlawca [15 likes]: Have questions about Estate Planning? Drop a comment and we’d be happy to help! Be sure to subscribe to catch all of our Estate Planning tips 🎉
  2. @thegreatwp [2 likes]: You didn’t mention a will.
  3. @bryansaleeba [2 likes]: Can you give more details about the trust like whether to use a revocable or irrevocable trust and information about who to make the trustee(s)?
  4. @jonesy5722 [1 likes]: I keep hearing to put the house in a Trust and "doing it the right way". What does that mean doing it the right way? If it's in the Trust what would be the wrong way? Help me understand this please.
  5. @celiayounger9202 [1 likes]: Thank you where are you located?
  6. @tairidance1590 [1 likes]: I agree with this sentiment
  7. @tairidance1590 [1 likes]: I never trust my parents again because I was spying on them
  8. @jeffhays1968 [1 likes]: What about the 5 million inheritance tax freebie? Why would the house not count ??
  9. @tdem1931 [1 likes]: Can a trust be set up if the house is not fully paid off?
  10. @Diggerhodge6130 [1 likes]: Transfer on Death letter.
  11. @daveshepherd8460 [1 likes]: How about  an enhanced life estate deed in NYS.
  12. @Ärnie-2L8 [1 likes]: Sell it to them now for $1 love and affection.  They own it so nothing to do when death comes.
  13. @terukounit [1 likes]: U should say that this is for US people, right away so I don’t have to waste my time since I’m not living in US
  14. @subtropicalken1362 [1 likes]: That’s what our cpa said we should do!
  15. @maryl.g.3959 [1 likes]: didn't New York do away with the step up in basis a few years ago ?
  16. @margieneary272 [1 likes]: What about the “Lady Bird” trust? It’s only for real estate, and your house won’t go to probate.
  17. @crmowrey [1 likes]: How about transfer on death option? Which is allowed in Washington state. 
Can they receive the step up on cost basis?
  18. @jeffb9586 [1 likes]: RLT?   Is that the simple trust we're talking about here?
  19. @carolynjordan4633: How can we contact you , did leave a no.😮
  20. @tylopez8344: Yes they tax the crap out of the poor ,but not the elites

- Harvard Psychiatrist: Your Identity Is Keeping You Stuck (Here's How to Change It): Kind: captions Language: en People will say to me, "Dr. K, I I have no motivation." That's incorrect. You have a ton of motivation. [music] You have a ton of motivation to stay home. You have a ton of motivation to play video games. There is such a powerful drive to return to the couch. So, identity shapes motivation. He is a psychiatrist, a Harvard-trained physician, and founder of HealthyGamer, one of the fastest-growing mental health communities in the world. Dr. K, thank you so much for being here. A loser is an adaptation that our mind forms to protect ourselves. If I think of myself [music] as a loser, other people will pick up on that empathic energy, and they will think of me as a loser as well. So, a loser never has imposter syndrome. We need to be defiant in [music] the face of the world. We need to be doing stupid action. Not giving up means being an idiot. Let [music] go over the possibility of it ever happening. 99% of karma happens in here. [music] When you have a thought, how do you respond to that thought? That is technically an action. How do we improve our self-identity if our identity [music] is holding us back? You know, one of the hardest challenges I have as a psychiatrist who works with like high performers is We were just talking maybe for the last hour about our lives and challenges we've overcome and what we're up to in our lives. Um and one of the things that I really care about here on the School of Greatness is helping people unlock their potential. Okay. Helping people live more meaningful, harmonious lives, helping people be on mission in their lives, having healthier relationships in their lives, and really living from a place of peace rather than pain. And everyone's gone through pain, everyone's gone through some type of trauma or suffering or sadness or loss or grief, and some of these things shape their identities. And I truly feel that our identity shapes our view of the world, and it can either support us in creating the life we want, or it can keep us stuck more traumatized, victim, and things like that. And I'm curious, how do we improve our self-identity if our identity is holding us back? I mean, my goal and what I try to help a lot of people do is to get rid of identity entirely. So, if we look at like the function of identity, you're spot-on that your identity is the lens through which you view the world. So, you know, I've worked with many people who will adopt a negative identity. So, the first thing to understand is even a negative identity, like I'm a loser, is not actually a negative identity. Mhm. A loser is an adaptation that our mind forms to protect ourselves. So, I was struggling with gaming addiction when I was like 18 years old, and you know, I had hopes, I had dreams, and not being able to achieve those dreams is so painful. So, one of the ways that we adapt is we become something that is not capable of success. Right? So, there are winners in life and there are losers in life, and I am a loser. And that thought comes with a lot of a negative emotion. The mistake that a lot of people end up making is they try to get rid of that They try to think like, "Okay, I'm a loser. Instead, I should be a winner." And there's a lot of value to a positive mindset, which we can get to, but like let's understand the fundamentals. First thing to understand is if you have a negative identity, it is serving you in some way. The human brain, our mind has evolved with all of these structures. And one of the simplest ways I I know you I'm sure you've had injuries, right? When you have an injury, the first thing that happens is we'll we'll form scar tissue. So, scar tissue is is tough, it's fibrous, and it protects us. So, the negative identities that we form help us from facing other things. So, if I'm a loser, I never have to try anymore, right? If I am lazy, it's not my fault. Because there's the people out there who are disciplined, and there are people out there who are lazy. And I'm one of the lazy ones. I'm unlucky. Then the problem becomes that our identity literally shapes the way that we move through the world. So, if I think of myself as ugly, and I go on a date, my expectations of the date, the way that I show up is going to heavily affect the date. Because human beings are empathic. So, if I walk into a room and I believe of myself, if I think of myself as a loser, other people will pick up on that empathic energy, and they will think of me as a loser as well. So, you know, if you go into a job interview and you're you don't think you belong. I see this all the time, it's really interesting. I see a ton of imposter syndrome. Uh when I was at Harvard, I would see a ton of imposter syndrome. Um and you'd think that imposter syndrome is fixed by success. But actually, success We'll get to this. I'm getting a little bit all over the place, but imposter syndrome is actually created by success. What do you mean? I know, it's weird. So, a loser never has imposter syndrome. You get that? >> Yeah. You only have People only think they're imposters when they achieve things. It's really bizarre. >> believe they're meant to achieve. >> Exactly, yeah. Right? So, when I end up in a place that it like Harvard, there's a ton of imposter syndrome. And these are with the most successful, smartest people in the world. Absolutely. And that imposter syndrome is created when the world views us in one way, but our identity is something else. So, the reason we have so much imposter syndrome in a place like Harvard is because you have a bunch of kids who thought of themselves as the smartest kid in the class. And then the moment they get into Harvard, I used to be valedictorian, now I'm average. >> I'm a nobody, yeah. Right? And then you're with all these you're with your peers, and suddenly used to be number one, now you're average, and so you feel like you don't belong because you've never been average. >> jockeying to like one-up and smarter than, and I know this better than you, and Absolutely. Right? So, this is identity is a tricky thing. So, first thing is negative identity is protective. So, that if you have some part of your identity that you think is bad, that you want to get rid of, wrong approach. Ask yourself, what is this what is this identity doing for me? When I think of myself as a loser, how does that protect me? You You mentioned that it's serving it's serving you in certain ways, but it may not be empowering you to live your fullest potential. >> Absolutely. And and and even a positive identity is not going to empower you to live to your fullest potential. So, we'll get to that. Right? So, there there are identities that we have that protect us from some negative things, and then we have positive identities, too. So, going back to the negative identity, this will shape the way that we perceive the world. So, it creates some kind of filter. Agree? Yes. So, I'm a loser, or I'm not beautiful, or I'm ugly, or I'm stupid. This identity that we speak and believe to ourselves shapes the way we view the world. >> Yeah, and it also shapes things like our motivation. Uh-huh. So, if you were So, this is going to get a bit technical for a second, if that's okay. But we get motivated based on an action-success calculation. So, what what our brain does is it looks at what the possibilities are. And if the possibility of success is high, it will be motivated towards it. Right? This is why >> more motivated if we believe there's a high possibility to succeed. And there will be more motivated. Right? This is why like if we sort of think about, you know, if I tell you, "Oh, hey, can you get me a glass of water?" That's easy for you to do because you can do that. You believe you can do that. You believe you can succeed. It's such a simple task, and we don't even think about motivation for getting someone a glass of water because our our perception that we can do it is like 100%. >> Yeah. So, we automatically do it. We don't even perceive that we're motivated. But it's easy to do. Now, if I don't believe I can do something, and if I can guarantee you that just about every human being who's watching this has something that they're capable of doing, but they don't believe that they can do it. And think about all the things in your life that you can have done that you did not think that you were capable of. And when you don't think you're capable, it becomes so hard. Because naturally, the part of your brain that is telling you whether you can do it or not, you know, if it doesn't believe you can do it, you have to overcome your limiting belief your limiting beliefs, yeah. You have to force yourself. You have to use things like willpower. Right? It's not really You're not really motivated. You have to like You're motivated to not try. Yeah, yeah. And you have to force yourself. But that comes from your identity. And then the moment that you believe that you can do it, it becomes easier to do. The big problem here and and you were asking a question about identity is in our you know, if we have some negative that will prevent us from doing certain things. It also motivates us to do other things. So, this is what a lot of people don't realize. have a ton of motivation. You have a ton of motivation to stay home. video games. >> Sit on the couch, don't watch TV, right? And just think about how motivated you are do If anyone pulls you out of that, there is such a powerful drive to return to the couch. >> Yes. So, identity shapes motivation. Mhm. Then we get to positive identity. Where positive identity says, "I can do something. I'm capable of doing things." Um sometimes, you know, this positive identity can turn into things like ambition. It can even turn into narcissistic tendencies, right? So, narcissism is a particular kind of positive identity. I think I'm great. I think I'm awesome. I'm the best. Other people are not as good as I am. So, in Sanskrit, you know, we have this word ahum God, which means ego. And there are three kinds of ego. There is a thamsic ego, which is like a negative identity. That is an identity which keeps you inert. It makes it hard for you to move. And then there is the raj identity. identity that motivates you to act. But this is also the identity that I have to do it. And it's not even that I'm great. I need to do it. I need to accomplish something. I need to help the world. I've worked with so many people who are 52 years old, multi-millionaires, and are working themselves towards a heart attack. Because they have this identity, I need to do it. I need to make people proud. I need to have an impact in the world. I want to do good. And so, even in service of that, they will have a lot of motivation. But the really interesting thing is that their motivation keeps them from slowing down. I'm motivated to always move. I can't rest. I can't sit still. A lot of high achievers or high performers have that Absolutely. that struggle to slow down, to rest, to take a break. >> And and we all we we all covet them. I want to be I wish when I woke up in the morning, I would flagellate myself. I wish I was so consumed by passion that I could work 90 hours a week, 100 hours a week. I wish I was like that. But those people suffer, too. They wind up in my office. So, this is where there is, you know, we start with a negative identity that protects us from certain emotions. Then there is a positive identity which activates us. But we are always chasing something. And this is the problem with the positive identity. You'll always move the goalposts. Yeah. So, you get a million subscribers on YouTube. What's enough? When's enough enough? >> Yeah, when's enough, right? And you always want more, you always want more, you always want more because that's what the identity The identity feels activated when it is achieving. It is the it is raising the bar that makes you feel really good. And so, then the bar now you actually become addicted to the bar going higher and higher and higher. And we think to ourselves, "Wonderful. That means I'll get more and more and more and more." But you won't attain peace. You'll become a slave to success. Absolutely not. So, then we have the third kind of identity, sattvic ahum God. This is the balanced identity. Where you have some amount of inertia. It's a balance between activity and inertia. See, we think that inertia is bad, but it's not. There's a balance between stillness and activity. And ideally, what you want to do, in my opinion, is get rid of all identity. Cuz remember that the negative identity shapes our perception. The positive identity will shape our perception as well. I've worked with some people who are problematic gam- gamblers and really believe in themselves. I can win. I can win. I'm special. They've lost a lot. But maybe they've won some, so they believe >> No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no. They've won a lot. Oh. >> They've lost some. Oh, they've won more than they've lost. >> Oh, yeah. So, how's that a problem? If they're always winning and they're not losing. Because they keep playing. But they >> Because they can't stop. Yeah. Right? So, yeah, they do keep winning. And sometimes they lose. Sometimes they have catastrophic mistakes. So, this is what's really interesting. You know, one of the hardest challenges I have as a psychiatrist who works with like high performers helping people understand that if you're right 99% of the time your mistakes are more catastrophic. Yeah, cuz you you're like focused on the the losses, right? >> Not just that you that you don't realize you're making a mistake. So, if you're right 99% of the time the 1% of the time that you're wrong, what is your mind going to be telling you? >> "Oh, I made this Oh, maybe I'm not always right or maybe And and that's why so many people, you know, like it's I don't think we cover this enough. We talk about rags to riches. We don't talk about riches to rags. But there are way more human beings on the planet that go from riches to rags than go from rags to riches. And sometimes people make catastrophic mistakes because of this positive ego. Because I can handle it. But you can't. There are so many signals telling you to slow down. There are so many signals telling you this is this is a problem. This is not working out. So many people are telling you not to do it. And even your mind is telling you not to do it. But you can't afford to think that way. It is so scary. No, I can do it. I believe in myself. I can do it, you know? I got to believe. Don't give up. Keep going. And it can be absolutely catastrophic. So, how do you know when you should reinforce the belief that you can accomplish, achieve, overcome something that you feel pulled or drawn to do? And instead of, "Oh, I'm not even going to try at all." Yes. You know, how do you What's the balance there? It's a problem of perception. So, if we look at how identity literally neuroscientifically shapes us, it shapes our perceptions. If I think I'm a loser and someone I say hi to someone and they just say hi and they look away. Maybe this person lost their parent this morning. But if I'm a loser, I will take normal data from the world and I will shape it. If I have a positive identity, I will also do that. It's evidence reinforcing the belief that I have. It it's actually not evidence. It I shape my my belief shapes the evidence. The evidence doesn't shape the belief. My belief shapes the evidence. So, I see something, it could be a neutral event, but then it's shaping the belief. Yes. And this is a a huge problem where, you know, there are so many people I work with who are way too nice. And they're compassionate and they're kind and they're forgiving. And they get screwed time and time and time again. You know, they think to Oh, every human being on the planet deserves to be loved. So, [snorts] I'm going to let someone walk all over me. walk all over me. Or not even walk all over me. It's I will let someone take advantage of me once and I will forgive them and I will let them take advantage of me again. And I will forgive them. I feel like I did that for most of my life. A lot of people do. I feel like my We were talking beforehand off camera about you know, how you went through a midlife crisis in the last few years. I don't know if you publicly publicly shared that, but I feel like my midlife crisis was a couple years ago as well and it was shedding 95% of relationships in my life that I had had that I felt like were and that I needed to create boundaries in those relationships. But Lewis, when you shed those relationships, don't you become a mean person? That's what I believed. Shouldn't you be a caring person who maintains your You want to be someone who maintains relationships, right? That's a good thing to be. That's what I believed and then it drained the life out of me. >> Absolutely. >> Constantly giving and constantly giving and constantly >> Because you are This is the positive identity. Oh, I want to be compassionate. I want to be great. Right? We feel so guilty when we step away from our positive identity. And then that guilt because I don't like the feeling of guilt. So, you know what? I'm going to let this person take So, the goal, how do you tell? Positive identity will shape your perceptions as well. All identity will shape your perceptions. So, what we want to do is to see the world as it is, free of all perception. And the only way you can do that is to get rid of identity. Your identity, your ahum God This gets a bit tricky, but if I ask you, Lewis, who are you? What would you say? Well, my first thought is I'm a loving, passionate, wise man. Okay. Yeah. That's what I would say. Okay, great. Right? So, I'm a loving, passionate, wise man. So, we identify with all kinds of qualities. So, I I could say I'm a man, I'm a doctor I'm a husband, I'm a father. Um And and that's all part of my ego. So, I don't know if this makes sense. >> make the identity I'm a New York Times best-selling author. I'm a podcast. I can identify with accolades. >> You could identify with accolades. You could identify with vices. But here's the crazy thing. You were you before any of those things were true. You will be you after all of those things are gone. Right? So, I one of the most interesting questions that's, you know, I I struggled with is, when did I become a doctor? Is it the second I get my MD degree? So, for me it was being on call and and there was one particular instance where um there was a I I I I my pager went off and it was something called a rapid response. So, a nurse was like it's like a not quite an emergency. So, I go into this room semi-emergency semi- about to be If we don't do something right away, it's going to be an emergency. So, I I go into a room and um there's a patient who's having a seizure. And so, the nurse is there and I walk in and literally like 15 seconds later, my senior resident walks in. His name is Ken. He's an awesome guy. So, Ken walks to the other side of the the patient and he's like sitting there with his arms crossed. And I I So, I start reporting to him because I'm an intern. I've been an intern for 2 weeks, finished medical school like a couple weeks ago. And and so, I say, "Ken, you know, there's a 38-year-old woman who's started having a seizure. Seems like about 90 seconds ago." And then he looks at me, he's like, "Mhm." And I said, "Ken, the patient's having a seizure." He said, "Mhm." "Ken, what should we do?" He's like, "What do you want to do?" I I don't know. IV lorazepam like 1 mg or 2 mg? And he's like, "Which one do you want to do? 1 mg or 2 mg? I'm like, 2 mg? It looks like it's a big seizure. And he's like, sounds good. And so what's really scary is a seizure isn't dangerous for like 60 seconds, and Ken is Ken knows that everything is fine. But that's where like, you know, when some when you're panicking, you want him to take over. It's like, I've been doing this for 2 weeks, but I actually have the information. I I know the thing. >> You have the But you didn't have the autonomy yet. You didn't take over like >> I didn't take the autonomy, right? But I I had the ability. And and so that's why uh Ken was awesome. He's awesome, I'm sure. He's being a good leader. Being a good leader by not taking the responsibility from me. And so, you know, that was the moment I became a doctor. But I knew everything before then. If after I retire, will I still be a doctor? It's a piece of my identity. But I've always been me even before that. So, accolades are not bad. Parts of our identity are not bad per se. They're a necessary part of living in the world. But we should step away from them as much as possible. At the end of the day, in this moment, I'm not a doctor. I'm just me. And it what we really under what I really try to help people do is move from negative identity to positive identity. That's a step in the right direction. But then we want to shed all of that. >> Huh. And recognize that we're just humans. And you were a wise, passionate man. You weren't that before. In a weird way, but that's okay. Right? Because you had to go through the negative versions of yourself to be the current version of yourself. And if you try to hold on to being a wise, passionate man, you will be in trouble. That too is a stage. So, let that go, too. >> Let that go when you're ready. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let it go. That was more for the giving an answer, you know? So, you're like, what who are you? I was like, okay, I'm a passionate man. >> is where, you know, I spent 7 years studying to become a monk. And and the answer of who I am is nothing. Mhm. I'm nothing. I'm empty. I'm just I'm just an organism. Mhm. I'm just a a random set of neurons, tissue, thoughts, emotions moving through the world. And a soul. And a soul. So, that's our purest form, right? So, identity is of the mind. It's a part of psychology. >> Uh-huh. But and as we practice these, you know, states of as we achieve states of meditation, you will feel emptiness. Yes. And emptiness is a beautiful thing because all of your problems disappear. >> Mhm. And then when you don't have an identity, see, if you believe that you are a wise man, and then you get some bit bit of information that is contrary to that, >> oh, maybe I'm not. >> and so then you're you're struggling, right? Because am I a wise man or am I not a wise man? Here's the crazy thing. You are a wise man and you are also not a wise man. And I'll make mistakes and I'll >> will make mistakes, right? And you will make mistakes that will lead to your wisdom, and you will make mistakes that'll make you an idiot. I'm brilliant and I'm an idiot. To hold multiple identities. >> I know a lot and I know nothing. Absolutely, right? So, that's how we transcend. There's this word that gets thrown around a lot. So, I think the ultimate goal is to transcend identity, to move away from all of those things. And all of those things are a part of you, but they're not you. Right? It It's It's a part of you, but it's not ultimately who you are. And when you step away from that, that's when you start when you stop thinking of yourself as wise, then you will be able to recognize your mistakes, and you will be able to recognize your wisdom. Yes. Wisdom is a piece of you. It is not you. Mhm. And so ultimately, we want to step away from all of that stuff, in my opinion, if you want to be happy. How do you think about identity for yourself living in a material, physical world where you have to, you know, organize things and strategize the future and bring people together and plan and pay bills and bring in money and >> Yeah. present yourself and have credentials and study. Like, how do you think about identity personally for yourself? >> this is this such a weird thing. But what what I want you to understand is that identity is a vritti. Vritti is a fluctuation within the mind. Identity is not an object. It is an activity. Yes. >> Ongoing. And goes away. Yeah. Okay. >> So so I I want you to literally think about this precisely, okay? When you're taking a dump, are you a wise, passionate man? I still am. I still am, but I'm in that moment taking a dump. Are How would I know that you were a wise, passionate man if I were to just It >> It would be more of a self-reflection of a knowing, but someone else wouldn't know. >> So, in that moment, you're not a wise You're just a dude taking a dump, right? So, this is what I mean. So, so your identity literally activates and deactivates. That's what people need to understand. It is It is It is a It is an energetic pattern. So, we know this because like we have this thing in in here in psychiatry, we talk about the narcissistic defense. Mhm. What is that? That is when we pump ourselves up when we feel threatened. So, if I say, you're stupid, you say, no, I'm not. Mhm. Here are all the reasons how I can prove to you that I'm not stupid. Uh-huh. So, that's narcissism. If you criticize a narcissist, they will put you down, they'll attack you back, they'll pump themselves up. So, identity literally, if you look at like, as you go through the day, right? And and I'll maybe I'll use it another example. So, you you know, I don't know if this is public or not, but I I think you just had a couple kids, can I say that? Right? So, you know, when you're holding one or both of your daughters, you are just a dad. >> You're just present. You're just present, right? You're not even a dad. It It It's weird. We think a dad is everything that you do for your kids. When you're holding them in that moment and they're asleep in your arms or you're watching them sleep, you're not even a dad. You are just an organism that is in bliss. Observing. Observing, right? You're just in that moment. And when you're doing that, like, someone else will see a dad in you, but in your mind, there's no identity of dad. Right? There's identity of dad when when they take their first steps. There's identity of dad when you watch them graduate. There's maybe identity of dad if they get married one day. That's when there's identity of dad. But in the moments that you're with them, there's no identity. So, identity is something that turns on and turns off. So, for me, and and this is what becomes important because we require identities to function in the world. Right? I have to have an identity as a doctor in order to be a doctor. I can't let that go. >> is important for you to step into identity Perfect. >> times. And then step out of it, right? When So, when someone comes at you, you need your ego. I'm not I'm not a POS. I deserve respect. What you are doing is not okay. I deserve better. But this is the key thing and this I think gets misunderstood a lot because in, you know, in these contemplative traditions, we talk about being egoless. The goal isn't to be egoless. The goal is for you to be in control of your ego, not have your ego be in control of you. >> Yeah. So, I think about my ego and my identity is a guard dog. And if I tell it to attack, it attacks. There are times where it gets antsy on its own. A stranger comes in and my ego activates, but I need to take a step back. I need to tell the dog to calm down. You know, this is not When a patient says, "Hey, Dr. K, I've been coming here for 6 months and I don't even know if I'm getting better." Right. And then I say, "I am a Harvard-trained psychiatrist. If you are not I have thousands of patients that are getting better. You are not getting better?" You're the problem. Yeah, yeah. You're the problem. Yeah. You are not doing the treatments properly. That's why. You know, it's not my fault. And then that that naturally arises. The narcissistic defense naturally arises. And there may be times where I have to defend myself. And there may be times where I need to receive that criticism with perceive that in the right way. >> Uh-huh. What is there a part of your identity or ego that still gets the best of you? Every day. All the time. Um I think for me, it's being a loser. That's what you believe or think? >> Yeah, I am a loser. Like, I'm I like literally, I lose every day. I make so many mistakes. >> Uh-huh. You know? Like, I failed so many classes. I had to apply to medical school 120 times to get in. You know, it took me 3 years to get into med school. Wow. Um even today, you know, I'll make a YouTube video that sometimes has a million views in in 10 days. Sometimes has 100,000 views in 10 days. I I am a loser. So, here's the other thing. There are parts of the negative parts of our identity are only a problem if we make them a problem. And I can accept, like, of course I'm a loser. That doesn't mean I'm not also a winner. I have both of these things within me. Yeah. Right? I'm a good I'm a good husband, really important, and I'm a bad husband. Mhm. The moment that I start believing that I am exclusively a good husband is the moment that my wife gets screwed. Really? Absolutely. I need to accept that at times I'm a bad husband. At times I'm a good husband. No one on this planet is perfect. Mhm. So, there's a lot of data that shows that the more cognitively flexible you are around your identity, the better off you will be. And and I don't know if this kind of makes sense. I know it sounds weird, and I know it runs kind of contrary to some of the stuff that you may say, but I think you do this, right? I think you you must in order to achieve what you've achieved. You must consider your weak parts. You must acknowledge 100%. Yeah, yeah. >> Right? That if I do not act in the right way, my baser nature will take control. Yeah, of course. There is an addict, a degenerate gamer who lives inside of me. >> Mhm. And if I'm not careful, that will come out again. >> Right, right. There's an importance of stepping into an identity that is more empowering than disempowering, I believe. As opposed to I'm a loser, there's no chance I'm going to win this game. I'm going to mess up, you know, if I'm having a disempowering identity or belief, it's probably not going to serve me. Absolutely. So, here's here's if you think you're a winner, it starts to become other people's fault. Mhm. Then you're you're right that it it there's a tension because now if you think of yourself as a winner and you get data that you're not winning, >> Yes. now your identity is threatened. This is what happened to me also because here first I was a loser and then I was like I was picked last, you know, on teams. I was made fun of. I was in special needs classes. So, all these things I didn't have the psychological or emotional tools as an 8-year-old on how to navigate the emotions of the world and fit into groups and societies and teams. So, I just associated oh, I'm picked last. I'm in special needs. I'm in the bottom of my class. I am a loser. Those I am statements I believed. Then I said, let me work so hard to improve this so that I'm never picked last and so that I'm a winner. And I did that for years. And it worked. I started getting picked first. I started being, you know, the best on the team, whatever it is through middle school and high school. But then everything became about winning. It was like if I don't win, then my identity is going to crumble, right? It was like then now I'm a loser. And [snorts] so my whole life became threatened with the idea of if I'm not a winner, then I'm a loser. That way I have to win at everything. And winning I associated winning with being right. So, if I was wrong, I'm a loser. If I lose, I'm a loser. And so I tried to defend this identity, like you said, by being right and winning in everything. Sports, business, relationships until I hit about 29 or 30 years old. And I realized life was not about winning and losing. It was about win-win. How do I create a win-win scenario even if I'm losing in a situation? And that became a part of my process was seeing everything as from a lens of how do I create win-win? What does that look like? This this experience instead of I need to be right, I need to win at all costs. So, so I think there's it's beautiful because people are probably asking how do I how do I get from loser to winner to beyond? Uh-huh. And and I would even argue that you were doing what I'm saying. >> Yeah. So, I and people can even rewind this and pay attention to the subject of your sentences. How do I create win-win? The object is outside of you. I am a winner, I am a >> Mhm. So, when we transcend identity, we don't focus on the ego. We focus on the action. Mhm. We actually divorce our identity we become independent of the action. >> Mhm. This is a lesson that I learned the hard way in in residency because you know, you get trained to like you think as a doctor like I save lives, right? Like that's what we do, doctor, save lives. >> then you like learn the hard way like you can't save a life. >> and people die on your table. Absolutely. How does that feel? And not to get off, how does that feel when you're told your whole life I'm going to go and save lives and then you see someone whether it be in residency or you watch someone die after an operation and you're like, oh, we actually didn't save a life and these are really good doctors around me. How did that feel the first time? Numb. Yeah. So, people think it feels bad, but my experience was numbness. I I remember I mean, this is a bit graphic and so I remember I was doing chest compressions on a guy who was having his third code in the hospital. And like What's code mean? What is that? Uh like so he's having a arrhythmia, so his heart was not beating. Yeah, so his heart was not beating um the way it's supposed to. His heart was fluttering or fluttering and so it wasn't able to beat. So, he was rather large dude and and I remember like doing chest compressions and what they don't show you in the shows is that like sometimes when you start doing chest compressions, people will vomit. Yeah, it comes up. >> And and so I remember I had gloves on and and all I could really remember was like the feeling of the vomit hitting my elbows and then going down the arm and into the gloves. And and it's In your gloves, yeah. >> gloves, right? Like and it's like nasty because like we don't like things in gloves to begin with. Like if you've ever done the dishes with no gloves, it's just those dumps down on your hands. And then that it's vomit and there's someone dying underneath you and and you know, so then it's like I remember >> the stress and the pressure because like I was pushing and he's like vomiting on me and I'm getting this stuff in my gloves and like there's a part of my mind that's like maybe I should push less. That way he'll stop vomiting on me, but like no, we're not going to push him. >> to save a life. >> We're trying to save a life. And so my experience from that was just after afterward I was just numb. Like I was just like, what the hell was that? Like >> Did he come back? Did he Did he resuscitate? He didn't make it. Didn't make it. I mean, he was there was no way he was going to Yeah, yeah. I mean, he he was gone days before. >> Um and so you just learn real quick, you you know, and and for me it happened pretty quickly cuz I I'd had this training, right? Like on yoga and meditation and understanding some of these things, but that that and there was another patient that came in with a couple of gunshot wounds when I was working a shift in the emergency room. Um and you learn very quickly that you don't have the power of life over death. You know, you just don't have that. It's not something that you're entitled to. >> You can't save a life. You can do your best to support life in staying. >> you can do is act. Wow. So, there's a there's a great principle from sort of like Eastern meditative traditions. As a human being, all you're entitled to is your actions, not the fruits of your actions. Mhm. And this is a beautiful way to get over the ego. Yeah, I mean, it's the whole What's the quote around like planting seeds under Oh, yeah. trees of shade that you will not sit in the future. It's like I don't know what that is. Do you know what I'm talking about? >> Yeah, so so it's the world is a good place when you plant a seed under whose shade >> shade you'll never sit in. Yeah, so something like that, right? >> It's like putting in this work that you won't get the benefit from. Yeah. But others will. And the beautiful thing is you have been benefiting from everyone else in history for your life now. Yeah, so I think it's more drastic than that >> Oh. even, right? So, this is not doing work for shade that will come. You You're You're entitled to plant a seed, but even then you don't know that the shade will be there. That's true. You have a point, yeah. >> as a human being, as a doctor, you don't like you can do everything, right? So, I work now with people who are like suicidal. And like you can do everything that you can do, but you can never stop a human being from taking their own life. You can try. >> You That's hard as you can go. And and And that's the huge part, right? So, the moment that you start focusing on your actions, what can I do? Not what happens. Too many people are held back by their ambitions. They're held back by the target cuz we think to ourselves, okay, like if I don't have a goal, how am I going to motivate myself? But you have to be really careful about a goal as a source of motivation. Should we have goals? Sure. Why do you hesitate? So, let's think about how the a goal affects the motivational system. So, I think we should have goals with care. >> Should we have goals without focusing on the outcome of the goal as part of our happiness? Yes. So, we should be detached We should have goals, but we should be detached from our goals. >> From the results. Yeah, so a way to put it like I'll I'll kind of give a simple analogy to start because then we're going to get technical. See, it's okay to want Let's say I want a fried chicken sandwich. It's okay to want a fried chicken sandwich. But are you unhappy if you don't get it? Let's say you go to a restaurant and you're like, hey, can I get a fried chicken sandwich? They're like, oh, we're out. How do you respond to that? >> Yeah. So, one of the biggest challenges for me, so I was planning on becoming a monk and then met my wife. And then that was like >> You're not allowed to be a monk. Yeah. And so I was I was really like struggling internally because I had this idea of like, okay, I'm going to be like free from attachment and celibacy and I'm not going to be like these other humans who are you know, falling in love. >> From all these lustful thoughts and everything. Yeah, no, I I need to be better than that, right? Lust is for animals. I will be greater. So, one of my teachers >> So, it was seven years you studied to be a monk, is that what it is? But when you were studying to be a monk, I met my wife. You weren't being a monk You weren't living as a >> No, but I told her I was like, girl, look, I'm sorry, babe. This is a temporary thing, you know, this connection that we have like it's it's a temporary. Yeah, like I'm I'm planning on taking my vows, so it's like it's fine for us to, you know, hang out and >> yeah, this will be my last hurrah. I just I I just want you to know out of respect, Really? I want you to know out of respect that that I'm going to take my vows when, you know, a couple years from now. >> Why hadn't you taken it yet within seven years? >> Oh, I tried. So, at the age of 21 I went to my teachers and I said, hey, I want to become a monk. And they said? And they said, being a monk is about giving up your life. You have nothing worth giving up. Literally. Oh, so you have to have something >> Exactly. They're like you're just You're away. You're running away. You haven't achieved anything. So first thing you should do is go back, get a doctoral degree, and then give it all up. And then give it all go come back when you're 30 and so they they let me come back and they're like we'll continue teaching you and training you but you don't get to take your vows until you're 30 years old and you have a doctoral degree. Those were their two requirements. >> Then you could give it up and come live like that but Okay. Not everyone has done that to become a monk though. Some people are younger when they become a monk, right? >> Yeah, yeah. So I mean these were my teachers, right? So so my teachers were amazing. They also knew me very well. >> They're like yeah, you really don't want this. You know, you don't you don't realize and they they they explained something interesting to me. They said that becoming a monk is going to be harder than anything you do in the real world. So if you can't succeed in the real world you're not going to succeed as a monk. You'll fail as a monk, yeah. Right? >> Wow. So so so that's how I ended up getting a target of of you know, okay, I'm going to I'm going to become a doctor and And do something big that I have to then sacrifice and give up. >> Absolutely. So so that was also where you >> Then I'll be worthy. Then my ego will be worthy to be a monk. Um not quite but but yeah, great joke. You know, that there's the so that this is what I had at that time. I had the ego of having no ego. Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, yeah. I have no ego. >> [laughter] >> Other people have ego. I'm so above everything. I'm beyond this. Um and speaking of identity, you know, so so I was >> That's an identity itself. >> That wasn't it's an identity where I devalued the things that I had failed at. Sure. So like in college this is pretty classic. I don't know what your college experience was like but you know, like you're into a girl and you ask her out and then she says no and then you tell your bros, you're like yeah, I wasn't that into her anyway. She's not beneath me anyways, yeah. Like it's like ah like Whatever. >> So so we devalue things to protect ourselves. We develop this identity. Yeah. So you So when you're meeting her, you said I'm going to be a monk. This is for fun the next year or whatever but then Don't get too attached to me. Yeah, right. Right. Right. Cuz I like I didn't want to hurt her, you know, like oh, I didn't want to hurt her. Yeah, yeah. Cuz like being in a relationship with me like when when it ends it's so painful for anybody that I'm with. Oh my god. My compassion. >> I don't want to hurt you from the parting of me. Oh, And so yeah, and then what happened? I so so the first thing is she's like amazing and she knows me well. So she was not worried at all. She's like you're not going to become a monk. There's no way this is happening. >> yeah. You know, like >> You're too attached to this medical stuff over here, yeah. So so then I I you know, went decided to go to medical school and and stuff like that and it's really crazy cuz I I never looked at my grades when I was in med school. And so I I got a call from one of my mentors and after graduation he's like where where are you at the award ceremony? And I was like I'm I don't know. I'm like I'm like at home. He's like well, I'm presenting you with an award. Like why aren't you here? I was like I I didn't even know. I I I'd gotten so divorced from the outcomes of my actions. I I just showed up and even when I you know, sometimes when I was in residency, you get all these kids from Harvard who were like really great. And then they get a B and then they're devastated and and I have to do this thing where I try to explain to them you're not here for grades. Like you got to understand at at some point you're going to be like in an elevator and you know, someone is going to start giving birth when you're trapped in an elevator. And grades don't matter at that point. And grades don't matter. You you don't get to say you know, and I'm a psychiatrist but like I don't get to say oh, you're in labor. Like sorry, I'm a psychiatrist. I can't help you. No, you have to do your duty. You have to. So so on a plane if you're on a Residency residency in medical school is about like learning how to be a doctor because one day someone will depend on you. So it's not about being a great doctor being at the top of your class. It's about focusing on learning the material for its own sake. And I think when you talk about making things win-win, I think if we really were to do like an x-ray of your mental structure we would see that you would be very focused on action. Mhm. You'd be altering your perception. Right? You're not going to give yourself some pat on the back and oh, I'm a winner and I'm a wise compassionate man, you know, like like that that's not that's not the copium that you're going to be huffing which is what the kids say nowadays. Huffing? Yeah, huffing copium. Okay. Yeah, that's what the kids say. >> Sure. Um You know, so you're going to be really focused on okay, like how do I integrate this data? This is negative feedback. How do I incorporate this feedback? How do I plan on this feedback? So there's no you involved. It's almost like you're like you know, that it's just information coming in, calculation, change in in the outside world. And people may think that that feels really sterile but the other side of it is when you're holding your child. There's no ego there. There's just you being present. And if we look at action, what's really cool about action is action is what when you're one with action, that's when you're the most present. So just focus on doing the thing. It is not in your power to have something happen. Yeah, the results. Results are out of your hands. >> Yeah, but focusing on the action today or this moment the action the next best action. Yes. And this is the problem we were talking about goals. The problem with goals is that goals actually get us away from actions. Mhm, really? Yeah. >> How so? When is a goal? It's a weird question, I know. Well, if you create a goal with a timeline, you can have Is there ever a goal without a timeline? Some people have a goal and say I want to write a book or I want to launch a podcast or I want to be in a relationship. >> When is that? But when is it? Is it now? They don't say when sometimes but I think if they say when Even if I say I want to write a book Yeah. it's not today. Right, it's in the It's in the future. Yes. All goals are things that will happen ideally. Yes. All goals are in the future. When does action happen? Now or when you take the action. Uh and when you take the action, when is it? In that moment. Exactly. Action happens now. Goal is in the future. Fundamental. I know it's a weird we don't ask ourselves these questions. Yeah. so this is the problem with goal. Right? So this is what's really scary is the most ambitious goal is the easiest to procrastinate on. I want to write a book. How long does that take? Oh, it takes two years. Okay, so you're saying it takes like 720 days? Why don't we just do a little bit more work in 719? Mhm. So goals are really sneaky things. It's not that they're bad. So our our frontal lobes require some way to organize time. >> Organize time, strategy, right? So you need that for the sake of a goal. But if you're not careful, a goal will induce procrastination. Cuz you seem it's too much work. I can't do it right now or it's daunting or Yeah, it it if you're if you're lucky, that's what you feel. Because then you know, oh my god, this is overwhelmed. I need to fix this. What's way more dangerous is oh, I can take care of it tomorrow. It's not even daunting. You never take the action. >> You never take the action. Right? So action is completely independent of goal. And accomplishing big goals involves taking lots of action. So focus on action, not on the goal. Mhm. The other really interesting scary neuroscience thing is that What if someone says okay, I don't have a goal but I'm just taking the action like I'm learning Spanish every day. I'm taking the action to practice Spanish every day. But if I just said well, I don't have the goal to learn Spanish and be able to speak it, then why am I doing it? Why am I doing the action if there's nothing that I'm actually looking to step into? Just for the action's sake. Great question. So goals serve a function. Once again, the goal here is is not to get rid of this stuff. Uh-huh. So in order to be a functional human being if we're pursuing enlightenment the enlightened person has no goals. They just exist. They're just better than all the goals in the world. Their ego is above Yeah. [laughter] They've abandoned all that stuff. They're above it. They're just chilling. They're not above it all. They're not Yeah, I know. So so goals serve a neuroscientific purpose. They organize our frontal lobes. They allow us to sequence out things. So that's good but a goal being used to sequence things. I'll give you an example. I'm going to the airport later today. So I had to pack. Yeah. But packing has it's not like it's it's a goal that I have to do but I'm not like attached to it anyway. It just helps me organize the sequence of events and then I have to take the actions. There's no identity caught up in it. I'm not like eh Look at me. Look at me. Look at me. Graduated Harvard. Yeah, yeah. Back to my own undies. You know, I'm great, bro. You know, so so this is where goals are important but we should never have them serve a greater function than what they really should be serving. What should they be serving? Helping us organize action. That's it. But when you had a you know, when your monk teacher said go become a doctor or do something and then come back to us when you're ready to give that thing up and you said all right, I'm going to go to medical school and I'm going to become a doctor. Uh you had a goal in mind. >> Yes. You needed to you wanted to accomplish something, some type of learning experience, credibility. And there was a deadline to when you needed to accomplish it by, right? Right. So how did you navigate the goal and the actions with that? Yeah, so so so beautiful example because it's an example of I didn't care that I accomplished the goal. This is the really weird thing. >> You didn't care if you were to accomplish it or not. >> No no, so I needed to accomplish it, right? So goals are necessary, but we don't need to get attached to them. We don't need to get hung up. They're necessary steps, just like packing. I have to pack. But you weren't attached to the result. >> I wasn't attached to the result. >> Whether you became a doctor or not, you weren't attached. >> Yeah. Well, I mean, I was attached, but I tried really hard not to be. Got you. Right? And And that's why like I never looked at my grades. I was like, "Okay, I'm going to like someone will tell me if I fail. Like I'll get an email if I fail." And I didn't fail, so whatever. I'm focusing on learning the material. >> That's That's good. >> Right? So, I I know it's it's it's I love that you're asking these questions because it's so counterintuitive from the way that we think. Mhm. Here's the reason that detachment from our goals is really We want goals, we want to be detached. Here's why. If you have a stumble towards your goal and you are attached to it, you are more likely to give up. Mhm. So, your brain says, "Okay, why are we doing this? We're doing this in order to get this." And now we get a bit of information that that becomes less likely. So, then our brain says, "Okay, we're not going to achieve the goal." So, I see this all the time in in the patients that I work with who have early stage sobriety. And so, it's really interesting because when they start to relapse I I I I've been sober for 160 days. I have I had one bad night of alcohol, and now it's ruined. I lost all of my sobriety. What do you think they do the next day? Go drink more. >> Absolutely. Now that it's busted >> Screw it. might as well. Right? Uh so, the self-loathing, like all this kind of stuff. So, if you if you want an outcome and something gets in the way, if you have a setback your attachment to the outcome is going to cause you to give up. So, when someone has a setback, how do we how should they process that setback and continue moving forward towards the goal whether they're attached or detached to the outcome? Great question. Can I give another example before this? >> So this is also why people don't get started. So, like, you know, I struggle with this a lot. Maybe this is something people can empathize with. If you're not sure you can achieve it's really hard to get started. >> Mhm. So, I I would I would do this thing where if I got like I I had like less than a 2.0 GPA. I'd failed a lot of classes. So, I was like, "Okay, I need to get straight A's for both." Yeah, but you became a medical doctor and I didn't. Potato, potato. Yeah, exactly. Um so, I did this thing where like, you know, since I needed A's, now I I I have like a 1.0 GPA. So, I need a 4.0 to balance it out. Right? I I need to have an A. I can't afford to get a B in order to save my GPA. >> That's stress. >> So, so then what would happen is if I got a B on my first test, I'd drop the class. Because I can't hit my goal anymore. I'm going to give up. So, it's so easy to not get started when we are attached to our goal. Because think about when I'm attached to the goal, I need I I can't ask her out yet, bro, because I need her to I'm so in I can't hit like I can't I wouldn't be able to live with myself. So, what am going What am What am I going to do? I'm going to take her to the airport. I'm going to be there for her. But I'm never going to shoot my shot. I'm never going to take that chance. >> Friend zone. Because I can't afford to lose. I have to win. I want to win. I have ambition. I have goals. I have dreams. And so, unless it's going to work, I can't I can't try. Mhm. As we detach from the goal right? As we let go which is challenging. It requires a lot of There's a lot of emotion to towards it. I think a lot of people run away from the negative emotion. How do you act? I think your question was, "How do you act if you are attached to the goal?" You accept that on this planet you cannot achieve it. It is not within your power to achieve. You know, there's something that I I think is really scary about the society we live in. We've started taking things lying down. So, like like nowadays in society, this is going to sound kind of weird, but like when when we're on the brink of failure, we don't fight with defiance. Right? We're like, "Okay, if I'm going to lose, then I'm just going to give up." Mhm. We've stopped fighting futile battles. And that's so devastating. What do you mean by this? Like if you're going to get screwed, go down fighting. Go all the way. >> Go all the way. Even if you Even if like, you know, I I got my first 40 rejections to medical school, my next 40 rejections to medical school, and my uncle pulled me aside. He's like, "Bro, this is not working out. Like go get a PhD. Like Go to plan B, right? Like come on, man. Like your GPA is not changing. What are you expecting? You're an idiot. You're being stubborn." My uncle's a great guy. He loves me very much. And it's good advice. Yeah. Right? >> repeating insanity over and over and over again. And so, like this is where like we need to be defiant in the face of the world. Like we need to keep We need to be doing stupid action. You know, like don't That's what it is. To When you say don't give up, what does that mean? That Don't giving up Not giving up means being an idiot. Let go of the possibility of it ever happening. You know, I was I was reading about like Stranger Things and how many times Stranger Things got rejected. >> Yeah, yeah. You know, another good example of this is Harry Potter. Like got rejected over and over and over again. >> Games also is like 10 years it took for it to sell. >> Absolutely, right? So, so we have to be really careful about goals because if we attach ourselves to the goal and we get negative feedback, we are going to give So, focus on the action. Right? And this is what's really important. But how do you know when to give up? Like sure those things they had a belief that these things should be in the world. These movies, these books, these things should be in the world. In my medical school, I should that should be happening. But if it goes 20 years and it doesn't happen, do you keep fighting until you burn everything down? >> Here's Here's It's so tricky, but beautiful question. Give up with tranquility. So, when you are at peace and you want to let something go, that's when you give up. >> When you feel like I've given everything I can or I'm I'm okay with it not coming to the world. Like, okay. >> I I If you still feel like there's something inside of you. >> so like this is a lesson I learned when [snorts] someone has So, I I had a a patient who was 8 years old had stage four cancer, was in the pediatric ICU. Um I was a I was a medical student. I wasn't even a doctor then. And then, you know, how do you know when to pull the plug? Like that's where I learned that lesson. Like you can you can do everything, but you should be at peace. So, if you feel if you feel like giving up is a failure, if you feel like giving up is is giving into your fear, your internal emotional state will tell you what is right and what is wrong. So, if you're giving into fear, don't do >> Right. You know, even if you're overly ambitious, you want to attain a state of tranquility. That's That's where you should operate from. This is really important. I I want to Goal is out there. It's in the future. Action is now. Emotion, you have to be careful because we're often times running away The emotion tries to get you away from the here and now. Right? I want to avoid the anxiety. I'm anxious. How do I not be anxious? So, instead what you should do is be be as tranquil as possible. Go for a walk. Have a nice cup of tea. You know, sit with your thoughts. Stay off of all devices for 24 hours and take a good, long, hard look at your goals and ask yourself is it time to give up or not? The answer will come from in here. Don't make a pro-con list. Don't do anything like just ask yourself. So, I I went to a Swami, which is like a monk. And after I failed for 2 years to get into med school, and I was like, "Hey, I don't know if I should give up or not. What do you think I should do?" And the Swami turns to me. He's like, "You know, 2 years is not such a long time in life. Give it another year." He just kind of shrugged, right? So casual. Just so simple. >> Yeah. I was like, "Okay, fine. I'm I'm not getting I'm going to give it one more year." That's what I decided. Luckily, I I got into one medical school. So, tranquil mind. Tranquil. And then decide. Then you'll know whether it's enough. It's not give up. Even that phrasing is wrong. It implies failure. >> It's transition. It's Yeah. Uh no, no, but I think it's the right word in the sense that that's what I that's the way everyone thinks. Instead, ask yourself, "Has this been enough?" I work with patients who are trying to make it work in couples therapy. And And what we get to what I get to like emotionally is is this enough? Have we tried enough? Have we tried treatment enough? Is this enough? And if the answer to that question is yes, then let it go. Mhm. There's a question I wanted to ask you about um capable versus believing. You know, and maybe this ties to goal setting. One point you said I think you said there's there's a difference between we're being capable of achieving something or living into something versus believing you can achieve it. What is that difference of capable versus believe? And are there times when you believe you can do something, but you're not capable? What is that do to someone? I think belief and capability are two entirely different things. Belief is your estimation of your ability. Capability is your ability. >> Yeah. So, the gap between capability and There's a gap between what your estimation of what you can do and what you're capable of. But when someone has the capabilities, but not the belief then what happens? They doubt themselves constantly. They're insecure. They're afraid, but they have the skill, the talent, or the ability to do the thing if they worked at it. Yeah, so I I think I mean, this is something we see all the time. Most human beings on the planet are far more capable than they believe. >> Yes. Right? So, our belief, let's understand where this comes from. Belief comes from your own estimation. It comes from your data. It comes from your cognitive biases, your perception, your emotions. You know, your fear will try to protect you by telling you that you can't do it. It'll try to trick you into believing that you are incapable. I don't put much stock in belief. Personally. >> You know. >> Personally. For yourself. Just in general. For my patients, I try to help them not put much stock in belief. Because let's understand what belief is. Belief is the absence of knowledge. By definition. Mhm. I believe my keys are in my pocket. I don't know that. Mhm. So, belief is literally a mental hypothetical construct. I believe it's possible. >> I believe in God. Mhm. That's very different from I know God. Mhm. I've seen God. I've felt God. Right? So, we'll use this and I'm not trying to be like anti-faith or anything like that, but it's kind of interesting, right? So, because when when I sit with people who who do have intense faith, sometimes there's belief and there can be there's value to belief, too. But in general, I think step away from your own beliefs. >> Mhm. In general, what you should be doing is collecting data, not hypothesizing. Belief is in your head. So, should we not have belief in ourselves that we are capable of accomplishing goals or dreams? >> so so I I I think you should learn. Right? And I I I I know this is like running contrary to some of the language that you use. I I don't think we're I think we end up in the same place. >> Yeah, yeah. But I I I I think just just learn. Try. Okay, I you don't believe in yourself. So, what? You do believe in yourself. So, what? Try. Mhm. Act either way. Act. Exactly. >> yeah. Be independent of all of this stuff. >> Belief. Yeah, yeah. Because what is it that correlates with accomplishment? What is it correlates that correlates with success? It's action. So, we use belief, right? So, this is why it's important to >> action. Exactly. Right? So, belief helps us take action sometimes. But this is where it's like we can do whatever kind of mental gymnastics you want to end up with >> Take action either way, whether you believe it or not. >> Whether you believe it, whether you have goal, whatever, right? Let Let's get to the root of action. And all of psychiatry and psychology and stuff is all these ways of helping people act. Karma. Karma. The actions that you take. Here's something really interesting. What a lot of people don't realize about karma. Karma 99% of karma is not visible. 99% of karma happens in here. When you have a thought, how do you respond to that thought? That is technically an action. Oh my God. So, this morning, I was tired. I've been working here for 9 days. And I didn't want to go to the gym. So, I didn't go to the gym. And then it's a little bit cold outside, but I was like, you know what? I I normally swim about 20 laps. And so, it's like I don't feel like swimming 20 laps, but I'm going to swim five. I felt like swimming zero. Yeah. I was like, I'm just going to get in the water. I'm going to swim swim five laps and then I'm done. I got into the water. It was awful. You're like, I want to get out. >> I want to get out. I felt really tired. I'm kind of out of shape and like haven't had a great schedule. But like the way that we respond to ourselves, that's what forms our destiny. >> Mhm. Everyone thinks karma is our actions out here. It's not the most Think about how many actions do you take in your head every single day? Thousands. How do you respond? Oh, I want to eat this. Okay, I'm going to eat it. Oh, I want to pull out my phone. I'm going to pull out my phone. That mental action, okay, let me pull out my phone, costs you 60 minutes of your day. Mhm. A 30-second distraction costs you an hour. The way that we respond to the impulses in our mind, this is the most important action. I believe I can't do it. Are you going to listen to that belief? This is why I like, oh, believe in yourself, not believe. That's not the question. Question is, when you believe something, how do you respond to your beliefs? Do I have a goal? Do I not have a goal? Not the important question. When you have a setback in your goal, how do you respond to that? The problem is that most human beings on the planet react. They don't respond. Automatic. There isn't awareness of what's going on. There isn't intention. And pay attention to your mind. You'll be stunned. There's a beautiful exercise that I offer people. Pay attention to how many thoughts you have that you've had before. Mhm. So, the crazy thing that a lot of people don't realize is most of the thinking is habits. It's not even logical. It's not real. >> Automatic. >> It's just automatic. >> repeat. It's on repeat. I'm a loser. This won't work. I can do it. And it's not that these thoughts are good or bad. Right? And I And I I appreciate the perspectives It's not good or bad, right or wrong. It's what's Is it serving you in an empowering way? Is it helping you to feel more harmony or not? I mean, I think if people want to be rich and successful, they should ask those questions. You are better at that, Lewis, than I am. Mhm. What I'm about is not even the goal of all of that stuff. Is it empowering or not empowering? I'm I'm I mean, I step away from that. Just understand. Mhm. So, in in Sanskrit, you know, they have this saying that avidya is the source of dukkha. Ignorance is the source of suffering. And this is something as a psychiatrist I think is very true. Most of our suffering comes from not knowing what what is going on. Why is this happening to me? >> aware. Not being aware. Yeah. So much of our suffering in life comes from our reactions and our automatic patterns. I see this all the time. So, can I use profanity? Sure. Okay. So, one of my clients came to me and asked me, "Dr. K, I don't know why I only attract boys." Mhm. we talked about it for a little bit and we realized, you attract everybody. You choose. >> Yeah, yeah, yeah. Lots of great people come up to you and but you're not attracted to them. >> And this is what's so cool. Like people don't realize when they're suffering in life and life feels hard. I mean, I've worked with people who have had poly-substance addictions from the age of nine. >> Oh. And then you you you live this way for 19 years and you think there's no way you can get better. You're at the age of 28. You've been struggling with substances for 19 years. Relatively young, but your whole experience has been struggling with this. And you think it's impossible. But you just don't understand yourself. You don't understand how you are responding to your impulses. You don't understand why you're using these substances. That you're trying to run away from something is that is inside you. And you can try to control your behaviors as much as you want. But as long as that black flame, that like tar is inside you, no way that you're going to control your behavior. So, understand yourself first. I I It's not for me to say you should do this or don't do this or I can teach you how. I can't tell you what direction. That's for you to figure out. You decide for yourself. Why are you so lazy? You all want all the answers from me. Go and explore yourself. Pay attention to your mental actions. Pay attention to the way that you respond to the the things around you. I think it was Carl Jung who said, I forget exactly what the quote is, but something about until we make our unconscious conscious, we will look at our lives and we'll think it's destiny even when it's in our control. Mhm. I'm butchering the quote, but you know, it's it's crazy how much of our our life we actually control. But we just have no awareness of it. How much of our life do we control? All of the important parts. How much of our thoughts do we control? None. We don't control our thoughts? >> No, the thought The mind generates thoughts. How much do we control our mind? So, do we have any control over our thinking or our mind? We have control over the way that we respond to our mind. >> That's all we control. All The only >> Do we generate a thought or is a thought generated automatically? What are you thinking? I'm thinking you're touching my leg. >> Did you have control over that? The generation of that thought? >> of you touching me? The generation of the thought. >> thinking Did Did you Can you control that that that happened? I can I can think a different thought when it happens. I can shift the thinking. I can know that's happening and also think about something else. Right. So, But it's All of how you can control So, the thought the mind I mean, this is the problem is we can't Everyone thinks we can control the mind. And they try. Yeah. It's like trying to swim up a waterfall. So, when I do psychotherapy with a patient, let's say I've got a patient who's got suicidal ideation. So, they want to kill themselves every single day. So, they come in and I can't control their thoughts. They can't control their thoughts. They don't want to be suicidal, but they The thought comes. Thought comes. Thought comes. Okay? So, then they don't control their thoughts, but as we do work, we change the thoughts that are automatically generated in their mind. You do. Yes. By responding to the thought differently when it comes in. >> I I talk to them in certain ways. I say certain things to them. And then as I say something, this is why a good psychiatrist is really important, right? So, the whole point of a good psychiatrist is they can change your You come in you're suicidal. I engage in an evidence-based practice. And And I I took this principle and turned it into a coaching program because I thought, "Hey, we're doing all this stuff for people who are suicidal. Why aren't we doing all this stuff for people who procrastinate? Who are stuck? Who want to write fiction? We can take these evidence-based techniques because someone comes into my office and there are thousands of studies. That's why psychiatry is an evidence-based practice. They're coming into my thought. There's certain things that I can say, certain things that I can do that will alter their thinking. Absolutely. Right? So, you'll learn this soon enough, but I mean you're married, but so you know your your your wife has certain thoughts in her head. She's upset. And you can do things to alter the pattern of her thinking, right? You can say, "Oh, tell me what's wrong. I love you." Or you can tell her how she can fix all of her problems. >> Right? And so here here's the really wild thing. We as human beings can affect the human beings around us. We can affect their thinking. Which means by definition, her thinking is being shaped by who? Me. Which means that from her mind, her thoughts are being generated by the people around her. You actually don't control your She doesn't control her thoughts. You control her thoughts, which is wild. And she controls my thoughts. >> Exactly. So, you're influences them. Influences them. Yeah. And there are other influences, right? So, let's be clear. First thing is that thoughts are generated for you. That's why advertising is a thing. Cuz they figured out if I can generate this thought in your head over over, then you'll take action. So, everyone is doing thought control. And this idea that oh, I can control my thoughts. Bro, you cannot. So, as a Harvard-trained psychiatrist then, knowing that, what do you do to have better I don't want to say control, but better awareness or a handle around the thoughts in your own mind Okay. that either support you or don't support you in your life. >> Yeah. So, so what we do control is the way we respond to our thoughts, the way we're aware of our thoughts. So, I for example might either Victor Frankl said, you know, it's it's about stimulus and the the the space between the stimulus and response. >> Absolutely, right? So, so this is what a lot of people So, I'll give you a really interesting example of this. It's a bit tangential, but So, here's the key thing with thoughts. The key thing that we want to do is have distance from them, which is beautiful what you said. So, I'll give you a good example of this. If we look at mental illness and we rank the severity of mental illness, what we find is the worst mental illness has no space between stimulus and response. So, when someone has psychosis or is delusional, I've had patients who will say, "There is an electronic device in my brain that is shaping my thoughts." This sentence that they say is a thought in their head, but there is no space between this is a thought and this is reality. >> separate them observing themselves >> thinking or doing. >> Exactly, right? So, the thought is real. It's delusional. It's delusional. And the nature of delusion is when you believe your thoughts are real. Yes. >> Literally. And I'm going to show you this beautiful scale. So, there's psychosis, which is the worst. Then there is things like let's say you have a mood disorder, where I think I'm a loser. I'm pathetic. I'm all this My family would be better off without >> or a level of depression or >> Level of depression, right? So, so so as people become really depressed, they believe their thoughts. There's no space between thoughts and anything else. Then as they start to get a little bit better, okay, like yeah, I I feel this way and there are times that I think my family would be better without me, but you know, I'm beginning to see okay, maybe that's not the case. Then you're conflicted. Now, there's a little bit of space between those two things. Another good example of this is when you have a panic attack. You don't think you're You are dying. Then, you know, less severe than panic disorder is like a generalized anxiety disorder. Right? It's not one-to-one. You can have bad generalized anxiety disorder, but when when your anxiety is less bad than you're okay, like I'm anxious about this, but it may not I think this is going to happen. Or if I have OCD, my anxiety is something I believe. Unless I flick off the light switch seven times, my house is going to burn down. I believe that. There's no space between thought and and belief. It's one in the same. And then I get anxious, right? Oh, I think this could happen, but I don't I'm I acknowledge maybe it won't happen. And then we get to the normal state of mind, which is like, okay, I have thoughts. I believe most of them. I don't believe them. And then we get to you, which is you're very good at training yourself to disbelieve particular That's what all the all these questions are. How do you empower yourself? Because you have disempowering thoughts and you choose not to believe them. Or not let them stop me from taking actions in my life that I think are better actions than worse actions. Exactly. So, but that's the key thing there is that the thought comes up, "Oh, hey, Lewis, can I tell you something, bro? You're 40 42, right? You're going to be 44, 45 when you compete in the Olympics. Good luck. How many I mean, what do you think about that? Do you think that's going to work out? Does your mind ever tell you, "Hey, bro, this is like, you know, you're competing against 20-year-olds?" Yeah, if you're asking me personally, I think of man, what about this story that I will get to share So, see the way that >> when this works out or if this works out. >> so either way, if it doesn't work out, the story of pursuing something that you care about. >> So, that's beautiful. So, you're doing some cool mental jujitsu. You're like a matador. You didn't even address my question. So, here's the scary thing. If you go back and you watch this and you look at your face, that fear is in you. I saw it in your face. >> Sure. Sure. There's a level of like I think it's not worth going for unless there's something that's That's all of the way that you respond >> why would I go for it? The way you respond to your thoughts, the way you disbelieve your thoughts. You know it's hard. I know it's hard. I can say it to you. It hurts to hear it and you say, Yeah, yeah, exactly. Yeah. The way you respond to your thoughts, disbelieving your thoughts, moving away from your So, this is the spectrum of thinking. Yeah, it's almost like being a coach. It's like seeing yourself as a coach rather than being the critic Very good. >> with the thought, right? It's like it's rather like I am this thought. There's no separation of the thought. It's like, no, this is me. If I'm thinking it, it's my identity. That's why I was some of the start with identity of like, if that's who you're identifying as and holding onto it rather than saying, "All right, it's a thought coming in. Let me distance myself and kind of observe it. And do I want to be the critic that continues to reinforce that thought or I can hold it there and and still take actions and coach myself through it. And that's kind of the process. Beautiful, right? So, what what if you tunnel down into the precision of what you're doing, [clears throat] you are changing the way that you respond to your thoughts. Now, here's the really cool and tricky thing. As you change the way that you respond to your thoughts, your thoughts will change. >> Yes. But you did not create them. No. Oh, really? So, we don't create our >> No. All we do is So, think about your your mind like a garden. We weed. Right? So, we remove we we don't react to that thought. We don't give in to that thought and over time it will wither. And then as certain thoughts you because I don't know if this makes sense. The first moment you started believing in yourself was not something you had to choose. What matters is when you had that thought of self-belief, how did you respond to it? You protected it. You got around it. You're like, "Grow, baby, grow." Right? You cultivate when you talk about an empowering mindset, what is the mechanism of an empowering mindset? It is responding to certain thoughts in a particular way, but you still don't control them. So, over time >> Cuz there could be a negative thought comes in. There could be something else, but it's what you nurture. Exactly. So, so this is what's really interesting. You know, I had a patient who was afraid that her fiance was cheating on him. I mean, sorry, on on her. And so she was "I want to check your text messages." And so she thought to herself, "If I check his text messages, then I'll know that I can trust him." But as she feels the anxiety, she checks his text and she feels reassured. But the next day, when she feels anxious, Let me check again. >> Let me check again. Cuz she is her brain is learning that the the antidote to anxiety is to check it. This is really important to understand. Whatever we feed in the mind grows. We don't control it, but we choose what we feed and we choose what we don't we feed. We choose We get to control We get to control the way we respond. But we don't even get to control what thought comes next. Fingers crossed. >> Now, you you hope that when you're nurturing and watering a thought, that thought will continue to expand and develop and grow more frequently and will pop up in your mind. >> That's what we get to control, right? So, that there's tons of neuroscience evidence for that the neurons that fire together wire together. We have habitual patterns of thinking, right? So, when we have and and then we can wire our brain to generate thoughts. And literally the the goal of my job is to help someone wire their brain so that their brain generates the right thoughts. But I want to be precise here. That doesn't mean you get to control what you think. You can simply plant your garden in a certain way. That's interesting. So, it's almost you know, tell me if I'm wrong here, but what I'm hearing you say is your mind is a blank canvas or it's a a desert. And you can start to respond to the thoughts that come to you and hopefully build a rainforest around you or a garden or some type of scenic thing >> Thing supports your your your mind in a more beautiful way. Uh spot on with the general, but here's the key difference I would say. Your mind is an untended garden. It's not a desert. It's not blank. Cuz if you think about it, your whole life you've been giving into certain impulses. You've allowed weeds to grow out of control. >> Well, say you're a blank canvas when you were born then, maybe. I don't know. >> Yeah, you know yeah. But at your year at the point of watching this, if you're in your 20s, 30s, or 40s, or 50s, your mind is an untended garden. Absolutely, right? >> might be some beautiful things, and there might be a bunch of rocks that you don't want. It's figuring out how to tend to the beautiful things to create more harmony and peace inside of you. Yeah. And things that will support your life rather than hold you down. And the beautiful thing is that when you start doing this, you cultivate your mind, life becomes easy. Yes. Because now >> hard, it's easy. Absolutely. we struggle with motivation, but think about it. That's because your mind has this impulse over here, and you're trying to wrench it over here. Right? Whereas once you start to do the right kind of reinforcing stuff once you start reinforcing the right behaviors, once you start once you stop giving in to certain thoughts Doesn't mean you won't have them. Huh? Doesn't mean you won't have these >> mean it is so You don't respond to them. You don't give in to them, yeah. >> So so for example, my ego is like really like it's really messed up because for years I got bullied, for years I was you know, I struggled, and then I I got into Harvard, and then I had an ego about that for a while, and it's still there. So, what I do is I I laugh at my ego. Mhm. I'm like, there's that ego again. Sometimes I'll have fantasies about >> psychiatrist, yeah yeah yeah. >> Yeah, so so you know, on on the car ride over here, I was thinking about how to make this podcast great. That was one of the questions you asked me, how do we make this great? I was like, there's my ego again. There's me trying to be great. Who am I to be great? Right? I'm Dude, I'm I'm a noob. I'm a failure. I'm a loser, and I'm great. So, I'm going to show up, and I'm going to do the best that I can. Yeah. But it is not for me to be great. It is not for me to decide what is great and what is not great. So, my ego's still there after all of these years. It's still there. My wife is hilarious about it. Cuz she mocks me so much. >> Sure. >> Right? So, cuz sometimes I'll say something really profound in conversation, because sometimes I say things that are really profound. She's like, oh Wow, yeah. Let's equate that. And I think it's a beautiful way to keep your ego in check. >> Sure, of course. Right? So, the way that I respond So, now my ego is not something to be conquered. It's like, I'm cursed with it, and I I've accepted that after so many years of I've been meditating for 21 years. And my ego is still there. It's still there in the background. It still sneaks It still makes comparisons. There's no I'm cursed. Ah, so what? Yeah. Am I going to let it Am I going to try really hard to get rid of it? No. Yeah. It's there forever. So be it. I don't need to change. I don't need to be egoless. I'm a new Like, who am I to be egoless? Am I some great person who should be egoless? No, like I'm some pathetic POS who struggles sometimes and does a good job, and I do right by people. I hold both of those things. >> yeah. If we went back to the you said there was like a scale of mental disorders or that you called it, or mental diseases or disorders or I don't know, diagnosis. >> And psychosis is I guess like the highest on the scale of severity, and then maybe mood swings or some type of anxiety, you know, would be >> like panic disorders, you know, severe depression, then like generalized like anxiety, then there's like the normal level of anxiety, then there's like the positive dimensions. Ah. Right? Of of understanding, and the highest dimension is understanding that you are not your That the mind is just an object. It is your mind. We even say it. My mind, my hand. It is an object of its own that does whatever it wants to do. Just like your body. It's like you don't get to control whether you have diarrhea today. Like your stomach is messed up today. Your mind is messed up today. But just like your stomach, you can take care of your mind. Mhm. And so, what would you call this? A scale of You're just making it up. A scale severity around mental >> it's it's what what technically is is the scale of attachment to your >> Okay. I love this because if cuz anyone could relate to somewhere on this scale. Hopefully not many people relate to the psychosis, but anyone watching or listening can relate to yeah, I've had depressed thoughts or anxiety or stress or overwhelm or whatever it might be. Or a lack feeling of laziness or lack of motivation, or I've ADHD or whatever it is. How does someone go from having a tended mind, a beautiful garden or a tended garden in their mind to psychosis or to suicidal thinking over and over again? And is there a way for someone to go back from psychosis or suicidal thinking to a beautiful garden in their mind? >> Absolutely. What is that process of how they got from mood swings to suicide? And how can someone go back? What is that process? >> Okay, we're going to teach it to you right now. It's take about 30 seconds. Okay? So, I want you to close your eyes, Louis. And I want you to observe your breath. I I didn't say breathe. I didn't say change your breath. I didn't say take a deep breath. I said just observe it. You're doing that deep breathing thing again. You're breathing slow. Just observe it. Don't change it. Can you breathe the way that you were when we were talking? Now you're artificially increasing the pace. >> [snorts] >> Little bit, yeah. So, here's the wild The moment you are aware of something, you gain control. Literally, the part of your brain that monitors conflict within you is the part of your brain that is willpower. And I was going against what you were trying to have me to do. I was like, no, I'm going to do what feels good to me. But even then, you're controlling it. >> Yeah yeah. Uh. So so if you pay attention, it is impossible for you to observe your breath and continue to breathe naturally. Impossible. Try it. You'll notice that the moment that you pay attention to it, it starts to alter. Right? So, in physics, this is like >> cuz now I'm paying attention to it as opposed to just being. Right. And when you pay attention, you'll start to control it. You can try. I mean, maybe you can do it. I haven't been able to do it. No, it's Yeah, cuz I was focusing on breathing rather than just talking right now. I'm not thinking about breathing, how I'm just Right. in and out, you know. >> So, it's really cool. Awareness is the first step to control. Why is this thing so hard for so many people who are stuck in their their minds that creates so much stress, anxiety, depression suicidal thoughts? Why is it so hard then? If it's so easy why is it so hard where people get get stuck for years or decades in this way of thinking? They need addictions, alcohol, drugs, medication to try to have some type of control over their thoughts or their their body, their functions? Why is it so hard? Okay. Beautiful question. If you What we just did right now in 30 seconds, awareness, I have it. Okay, let's be precise with our language. I never said it was easy. I just said it was simple. Okay. Biggest thing to understand >> is it Okay. The simpler something is, why is it so hard then? The simpler it is, the harder it is. The more complex it is, the easier it is. Okay? The simplest things in life are Yeah, so it's like Yeah, so it's like >> Right? So, this is this is a really confusing thing. But if you look at like, you know, a master chef >> Uh-huh. it's simple for them. Yeah. It becomes easy at some point. But generally speaking, this is what's kind of really interesting. The things that are really hard are actually the easier things. Because there's like 15 different components, and then I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to do this, and then I'm going to do this. There's a very interesting relationship between simplicity and hard. Mhm. You know, if if we took talk about you know, to be a good dad is a simple thing. >> But but you got to do a lot of things. >> hard. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, this is a big thing that we have to understand. The the simplest things in life are actually the hardest. How do I love myself? It's simple. It's not complicated. It doesn't have 18 different steps, and you do this, and you do this, and you do this. But it's hard. It's very hard. Well, it takes awareness consistently. >> Exactly. So, that gets to why it's so hard. >> When you're distracted and overwhelmed and responsibilities, and yeah. >> let's look at why it's hard. The first reason why it's really hard is because we haven't been trying. I wouldn't have thought about it. >> Right? We've never thought Literally literally. Bro, I was 18 years old. I woke up on the morning of I had set my alarm for 7:00 a.m. I had a Spanish final at 8:00 a.m. I set my alarm at 7:00 a.m. And I thought about how when I went to the Spanish final I was going to be done in 15 minutes because I had skipped all the Spanish classes. I didn't know Spanish. So, what was I going to do? Stare at a piece of paper for 3 hours when I didn't know Spanish? And I decided not to go. I just skipped my final. F. If I just showed up, the professor had told me, if you show up, I'll give you a D. Yeah. Just show up. >> to know anything. So, I was so unaware. I was like, I was not a robot. I was I felt like I was swept up by my mind. I couldn't control my mind. I would plead with I would beg and hope, tomorrow, go to class, bro. Go to class. Please God, just go to class. And it wouldn't listen. Mhm. Why not? Because I wasn't aware. Mhm. I was trying to get it to do. I was not observing. Right? So, I I My daughter, here's a great example of just how powerful awareness is. My daughter was trying to close the box of a board game. I don't know if you've ever had this problem where, you know, if it's a little bit off, you can push down and it'll never close. No matter how hard you push it. And then all it takes is just a little shift. And then it'll slide right down. Easiest thing in the world. So, when we don't understand ourselves, when we aren't aware of what the problem is, then we can exert this we say, "Why is it so hard?" Because everyone is trying to push the door open when you've got to pull. That's life. Understand yourself. Understand how you work. Understand that a goal can actually inhibit your motivation. If you get a little bit of feedback and the goal now feels harder, your your mind will tell you, "Hey, it's not worth investing in." Now you have to overcome that. Understand that you actually don't control your thoughts. You can never control your thoughts. Imagine for a moment, if you agree with me, if I've made a logical argument and you now understand that you can't control your thoughts, you ask, "Why is it so hard?" Because everyone's trying to control their thoughts. They're trying to swim up a waterfall and you ask why it's hard. It's not complicated. You can't swim up a waterfall. Waterfall Water go down. Water don't go up. So, when you when you go to, you know, Harvard day one psychiatry training and and they're like 101 of psychiatry training, "You can't control your thoughts." Is that something they teach you? >> No, so the crazy thing at at going to Harvard is they were teaching me all this stuff and they were like, "This is how the mind works." And I was like, "No, it isn't." Cuz I had learned about the mind in India. >> Uh-huh. So, they're teaching me what the subconscious is. They're teaching me all this stuff that is just one view of the mind. There's a different view of the mind, which I think is It's not that their view of the mind is wrong. We use both, right? But they're the way that the West studies the mind is problematic for one really simple reason, which is we have no way to actually measure the mind. If we look at how medicine works, how do we learn how does science learn things? Science learns things through observation. What's going on in your chest? We're going to x-ray you. What's What kind of bacteria's in your blood? We're going to do a blood culture. What's the x-ray for the mind? There's none. There's no way to detect the mind. >> And you can't put a scan on the a scan on the brain or on the head and get data from the mind. >> You can't. It's impossible. Right? So, how do we know which part of the brain anxiety comes from? Because we do a brain scan, we see some part of the brain is lighting up and then we ask you, "What are you feeling?" And we did that a thousand times and we figured out, "Okay, this part of the brain is where anxiety comes from." Yeah. So, in India, the yogis did it a different way. They observed their own thoughts. This is the cool thing. Because you're the only one I know this is going to sound like like weird question, Lewis. Am I thinking? Am I thinking being? Am I a robot? Do I Am I conscious? Or am I just a hallucination in your perception? Are you conscious? In my opinion, are you conscious? Yeah. How do you know? It's based on my perception of the >> perceive? I perceive you in front of me, this five senses, the you know, >> Yeah, so do you have a sense of my thoughts and my consciousness? Do you have a sense that tells you that? Yeah. How? Tell me. Belief. Okay, belief is different than a sense. >> What are you perceiving? Pay attention. What are you perceiving? Can you see my thoughts? You're seeing my what? >> and your behavior around >> Yeah, but I could be empty up here. >> right. It's true, you could be. Right? >> I don't know for certainty, but >> is this is insane. I had a a patient once in the neuro ICU. We got consulted. And so, they're like, "Yeah, we think something's wrong. Like he's depressed." So, I I go to the neuro ICU. Guy got hit by a car and um was in a coma for a while. Now he's doing better. And then I'm like, "Hey, you know, so tell me a little bit about, you know, what's going on. How's your relationship?" He's like, "Oh, you know, my wife is great. She's here every day." "How's your relationship with your kids?" Seems like kids are fine. What's your recovery look like? He's like, "I'm going to have to do physical therapy. It's hard, you know, it hurts, but like I'm expected to make a full recovery." What's going on at work? You know, "My partners are fantastic. They're like they're going to cover things for 3 months and I'll go back in the office maybe a month or two." So, I'm kind of like confused. Like everything's going to be fine. But he had a level of depression or >> some depression. So, I go back day after day after day because once you get consulted, you're responsible. And And so, you know, the last day he's he's going to be discharged. Like, bro, I got to be honest with you. I ask I come in, I ask you all these questions. You say nothing's wrong, but when I sit here, when I sit in the room with you, you seem depressed. Can you tell like Am I just like crazy? Like what's going on here? And then he kind of starts like breaking down into tears and I'm And he says like, "You know, it's it's crazy, but when I was in a coma, um I lived a whole life. I had a family. I was married to a different person. >> Come on. I I had two sons, not two daughters. And I realized that that was all fake, but like it hurts. Like they're gone. I'm never going to see them again. >> Different people. >> Just a completely different life. Wow. And it's really weird. But like you know, you know, when I ask you, "Do I have thoughts?" Like you the only person that you know really exists. You could be in a coma right now. That's true. I mean, I could be in a coma. >> This could be a dream. >> Right? >> So, these fundamental things >> Is it a dream? We'll find out. At some point. I mean, I think it's real. >> Mhm. But maybe I'm hallucinating you. Who knows? You know, so Descartes so was like cogito ergo sum, right? I think, therefore I am. At the end of the day, you can't tell the difference between a hallucination and a dream, but at least there is something there that is dreaming. Even if it's a dream, even if you're in a coma, there is still someone in the coma. Mhm. And and as we understand some of these basic things, like this is why it's hard because we don't understand that we're not our mind. You are that which experiences your mind and no one else experiences your mind. You are that which experiences your mind. You are the awareness of the experience of your >> Of course, because you can observe your Can you see your eyes? Not unless I have a mirror. You are not seeing your eyes in a mirror. What are you seeing? >> There we go. So, what you really are >> I'm observing it. >> You are observ- You are observing I can observe my hand. I can observe my mind. This hand is not me. It is a I own it. It's my hand. >> Yeah, yeah. But it's not me. Even if I I heaven forbid something happened, I lost a hand, I'd still be me. What is you? That which observes. It's empty, egoless, nothing. It's just the capacity for observation. And so, this is what's really cool. >> being of you that observes everything around you. >> Absolutely. So, here's the crazy thing. You want to know what you are? You're not a wise, passionate man. You're the thing that thinks you're a wise, passionate man. You're the thing that believes you're a wise, passionate man. You're the thing that has watched the construction. You have experienced every moment of your life. That's the only thing that makes you you. Ego is outside of that. We can construct the ego. Well done. You constructed a very healthy ego. We need healthy. >> Yeah. It's nice and rajasic. Seems like you're not having problems with heart attacks and stuff. So, you may not need to slow down. >> Right. I'm sure you've learned You're a professional athlete. You've learned the value of rest. >> 100%. Right? So, that's okay. So, as we understand these fundamentals, life becomes easier. As we start recognizing that don't just chase goals. Don't just get willpower. If you're feeling tired, Rest or recognize Imagine this. If your brain thinks something is a bad idea, how does it let you know? It makes you feel tired. If you really don't feel like doing something, you should really ask yourself, "What is my body and brain trying to tell me?" I It's so sad. People are in a relationship that's been dead for years. And the thought of seeing their partner makes them exhausted. That's your brain telling you something. Something's off. >> Something's off. And it's not that it This relationship has to end. You don't have to break up with the person, but you better damn well make a different relationship with them. Yes. So, you don't have to jump to the conclusions that your mind says, but like if you're feeling tired, instead of just taking a supplement and powering through, ask yourself, "Why am I feeling tired?" Spend more time with awareness. Then you'll know how to move the box a little bit and then life becomes easy. You don't have to work so hard. For someone who's going through a mental challenge, do you call it a mental diagnosis, a mental disorder, a mental disease? >> Depends on what they're going through. You have to tell me what Then I'll tell you what >> I mean, I guess anything from anxiety to psychosis. >> Okay. Is that Is that >> So, here here's what I don't want I don't want to categorize things the wrong way, I guess. >> So, if if something is going on in your mind and possibly in your body that impairs your function, then we call it a mental illness. Okay. So, if it interferes with your ability to work, if it interferes with your ability to do school, if it interferes with your relationships, if it interferes with your physical health, if it interferes with your mental health, if your anxiety is so bad that you can't go see your friends. >> You can't you can't leave the house. Well, it's not it's not that it it's can't it's impairment of function. >> If it's really hard to leave the house. >> Yes. Cuz so many people with depression are functional and empty. >> right right. Right? >> a mental illness. >> That's an illness. So, if it impairs function, that's the line. How do you When do you know you've healed a mental illness? And can you heal a mental illness without medicine? When do you know you you've healed a mental illness? Um so, what we shoot for in psychiatry is no longer impairment of function. So, even if you're depressed, if you're able to enjoy life, if you're able to form relationships, go to work, if the depression comes and goes a little bit, that's actually okay. That's not a mental illness anymore. Or it's in remission. Got you. Okay. So, I personally believe that many mental illnesses can be healed or cured, but that is not something I can say scientifically. >> Yes. So, we'll talk about remission because it can always come back, right? >> Sure. Sure. Sure. But in my experience, you know, people will be in sustained remission, and that's very common. The majority of people who have a depressive episode only have one in their life. So, then that begs kind of a philosophical question. Is it cured or is it >> just so dormant that and and and and not being triggered because your life isn't is healthy and Are you you know, does that kind of make sense? >> Yeah. Yeah. I think you're just saying. And can can you heal a mental illness without medication? I think so. I Without saying very very clear. Yeah. Uh medication never heals mental illness. Oh. And I think most psychiatrists would agree with me with that. I don't think most people understand that. They think medication will heal them. No, medication manages your symptoms. Right? That's why we say if you have ADHD and you take a stimulant medication for a month, it's not like your ADHD is gone at the end of the month. >> So, meditation or medication cannot heal your mental illness. >> I do not believe so. And you're a Harvard >> Whoa. There's maybe some exceptions to that, but generally speaking, 90 99% of medications that we prescribe will manage symptoms. They will not heal anything. >> What heals the symptoms so that the illness goes away? Awareness? No, healing the symptoms What alleviates the symptoms? Symptoms are the fruit of the tree. Uh-huh. The illness is the tree. So, if I >> want to remove the symptom or remove the illness? Well, it what That depends on you. So, the reason people take medication is because they usually don't have the time, energy, or money to do the healing. Which it takes time to sit there and observe yourself and meditate or do what's necessary. >> So, I think psychotherapy is the best evidence-based practice for healing >> What's the difference between psychotherapy and talk therapy? Uh psychotherapy is the broader umbrella of things that we call talk therapy. And it's under Talk therapy is in psychotherapy. >> Yes. So, much of psychotherapy is talking, but as an example, if you have something like OCD, um we'll do something called exposure and response prevention. So, if you have a phobia of like if you're claustrophobic, talking about how you're claustrophobic Yeah. And start to feel calm and peace or >> Well, start No, start to feel terrified and then survive terror and then realize that terror is not to be feared. >> Yeah, you're not going to die. You're not going to die, right? And you don't die. And then we're going to put you in that situation again and again and >> Teach you how to relax Not even Yeah, we're going to teach you how to relax, but actually we don't have to teach you. All you need to do is just survive. >> Wow. And then you will acclimatize to it. Right? So, we're going to encourage some good neuroplasticity there. >> And that's one of the best ways to overcome fears by, you know, I guess exposing yourself to the fear. >> right? So, so for fear-based things, whether it's social anxiety, got to go to that party. >> party, yeah. Yeah, right? Go get rejected by the girl. Go >> Go get rejected by Yeah, absolutely. >> you're going to survive. And know that you're going to survive. So, confidence doesn't come from success, it comes from surviving failure. Mhm. Right? When you believe in yourself and this is >> Right. No, but but really, like it's it's like it's so we you know, we can talk about talk about your Olympic aspirations and stuff, right? And it's like I know I know you're going to you're going to charge into that because you have failed and you've picked yourself up off the mat. 100%. Right? And when I work with patients who have addictions, like their big thing is you really conquer an addiction when you learn to pick yourself up. Not when you avoid falling down. Mhm. So, when you fail, you know, I've I've never been drunk in my life and I've never done drugs or any of these things or been high. And but I can assume how hard it could be to overcome the addiction of alcohol for people that have been alcoholics or drinking consistently. I can assume it's extremely challenging without the right tools. Even with the right tools, it's still very difficult, I can assume. Again, I've never experienced it. It but it's it's not the person who has been an alcoholic or having alcoholic tendencies that never does it. It's when they relapse and drink and then they pick themselves up and go another 100 days without it or whatever it is. >> Yes. So, so if you think about it, damage control is a skill that you can learn. Yeah. Just like anything else. So, I think a lot of these can be It's not clear how much it can be healed. So, I wouldn't if if you were >> and and So, so I think for every person it's somewhere in the middle. >> Yeah. But I think that we have good evidence of healing. Yes. So, for example, you know, some people who have things like PTSD, like we can sort of like rewire their brain and kind of fix that and it kind of goes away. Um other examples of this are things like personality disorders. So, there are people with like borderline personality disorder or narcissistic personality disorder where we can like do psychotherapy with them for some amount of time. They also have to want it, right? They have to want to Yeah. If you're resistant to it, you're not going to improve. Yeah. Yeah. So, I think I think they absolutely have to want it, but even wanting it is a tricky thing. >> Sure. Cuz there it's totally miss, right? Or would you say >> it's totally fine for a part of you to not want it. Yeah, you don't want to face these parts of you. Yeah. And there there but there has to be some part of you that is willing to do the work, absolutely. I I've never seen a case I'm trying to think if I've ever seen I've never seen a case of it working without the patient. Yeah, just forcing the patient, you mean? But but a big part of what I do is people come into my office and are reluctant. Mhm. >> So, a big part of it is even if you don't want it, even if cuz people are afraid. They don't come in wanting it, right? They They come in sometimes kicking and screaming. No one wants to be wrong. No one wants to be like something is wrong and bad with me. We don't want that. We don't want to feel like, man, I'm a failure. I've messed up. I've got this thing that I can't figure out on my own and that's why I have this addictive personality or I smoke or I drink, cheat, or porn, whatever it is. Like I do these things that don't feel good. And I don't want to admit that. No one wants to admit that something is wrong with them. >> Yeah, what we all want to do is solve our problems in secret and then come out triumphant. Yeah. And Or no one even knows we have the problem, I guess. It's like we don't want to reveal >> Absolutely. We don't want to reveal that to the world cuz that's shame. Absolutely. That doesn't feel good. But I I I do think we can heal for the most part. Yeah. And And I think even if we don't It is in some people's karma to always have a brain that is going to produce depressive thoughts. We know, for example, that there are some genetic polymorphisms in the serotonin transporters in your brain can be a little bit different. And so, if they're a little bit shorter, we're more prone to things like depression. So, there are some things about mental illness that are not fixable. Yeah. But in my overwhelming In my career, I've seen over a thousand patients. There are three that I can think of that I've been basically unable to help in a significant way. So, 99.9% of patients you've seen improve their mental Yes. >> illnesses or mental disorders or mental stresses into having a more empowering mind that makes them feel better. >> And I I would even go as far as to say that cure is the wrong target. >> Mhm. It's improvement, right? It's manage Yeah. I I I I think it's your life doesn't have to be so hard. You don't have to cure it. That's what everybody wants. Everyone wants to be completely free, whereas I think that's the once again the goal, right? Like I want to be free of this forever. I I think the challenge, and this can be really depressing to hear, is like yeah, this is going to be a part of you, but just because it's a part of you, it's so exhausting right now, but you can learn to live with it. It can be a part of you. >> Yeah. I was addicted to video games. It's a huge part of who I am. I had a gigantic ego. It's a huge part of who I am. You know, and I think this is what's really weird. I've had patients who'll be like, yeah, cancer is the best thing that happened to me. I'm like, what are you What are you smoking? But this is what's really crazy is life is about all of these things. It's about the good and the bad. To be detached from just wanting good Mhm. and wanting to avoid bad at all costs. That's when we get into trouble. If all you want in life is the good stuff, you will not be in control of your own actions, be able to embrace that negativity. Don't run away from it. Then you're Then you have control. Control is about being independent of the responses that life sends your way. This thing sucks. I didn't want to go swimming today. It felt bad. It was torturous. And I did [snorts] it. >> laps or five? Five. Yeah, you you see you did five and then you're like, I'm done. >> I did five. Yeah. I forced my ass to get into the pool. I thought you were going to say in the beginning, cuz we never finished with that story was that you're like, okay, I got there, I did five, then I kept going a few more. But you're like, I'm just doing what I said I was going to do. Yeah, so often times I will do a little bit more. >> Yeah. Yeah. But today was a day where I was like, I did five and and that's that's enough. Yes. >> It's enough. And I thought about, do I want to do more? Do I want to squeeze out one or two more? And I was like, not today. >> I'm >> Yeah, cuz you've been on the road for 9 days, you've been working, you've been, you know, eating a little extra food here probably and I actually haven't been eating extra food. That's the problem, yeah. You needed more calories. Yeah. Oh, okay. I love it. I've got a couple final questions for you, doc, okay? But I want people to follow you, HealthyGamerGG on YouTube, Spotify, social media, all the places. Um and I think it's healthygamer.gg as well. What's the website for you to check >> Yeah, yeah. So a lot of your content, I think you've got, you know, millions of subscribers over on YouTube, a lot of great stuff over on Instagram that I've been consuming. Um books, all the different stuff. I want people to go check it out, healthygamer.gg. And you have guides to mental health. Yeah. And a lot of these things are coming out here in the next month or two. So if people want to get more of this information, they can get some of your guides to mental health, topics on love, relationships, etc. If they go to healthygamer.gg, you'll get the information on how you can get some of these guides. And I think your guides are like, you know, 20 or 30 bucks or something. I think they're very affordable. So I recommend people going and getting more information on you there. This question is something I I ask everyone at the end. It's called the three truths. So hypothetical scenario, even though you are ego-less and formless and have no identity, but uh in the future, you have just transcended the world. But in the future, let's hypothetical scenario, you get to live your life in this world exactly how you want to. Okay. For the rest of your life. Okay. You get to create, experience, accomplish, you know, or not accomplish goals uh how you want, but it's the last day on this earth for you. >> Yeah. And for whatever reason, all the content you've created is no longer with us in this world. So it either has to go with you or it's eliminated from the world. But you get to leave behind three lessons from all the work you've done or not done or accomplished or not accomplished. Three lessons that you would get to leave behind. I call it the three truths. Beautiful. What would those be for you? Number one is understanding is more important than effort. Okay. That one's and I think about this because I wonder, you know, if I I teach all this stuff on on the internet and whatnot, but I think about what would I teach my kids? Um so definitely understanding is more >> Hmm. I think mistakes are a part of your journey is another huge one. And uh I I I'd say the third thing is is the results of your life are determined by your actions. Right? I know we said that we don't control our but like I like action is all you've got. So that's the one resource. And kind of related to that, this is a a huge thing. I think people don't realize that 99% of the actions that you take are in your head. Literally. So an an action the way you respond to your thoughts is an action. >> yeah. So how you think about a thought is an action. A how you respond to a thought is an >> thought. Sometimes that's what people do. Right. They think I'm a loser and then they respond to it by confirming Yeah, they spiral. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Right? So when we talk about a thought spiral, that is not controlling our response to And and literally, literally, the most important thing that you can do is change the way and control the way that you respond to what your mind generates. Win-lose into win-win. You did it right there. Yeah. It sounds like if you can train or develop the skill of learning how to respond to your thoughts, you will live a much better life. Undoubtedly. If that is the number one skill that you develop is how to respond to your thinking, Undoubtedly. you it will influence the quality or lack of quality of your life. >> Yeah, so it'll change your actions, it'll change practically what your life looks like. Mhm. And it'll change your peace. 100%. It'll impact your emotions, too. >> How you feel. Absolutely. So we we you know, the the first Do thoughts influence feelings or feelings influence thoughts? >> Both. Yeah. So thoughts emotions shape our thoughts and thoughts shape our emotions. So usually the first this is the key thing is the first emotion we don't have much control over, but what we do with that emotion that's the key thing. Correct me if I'm wrong. I have a belief that most doctors, professors, extremely intelligent, successful academics think more than they feel. Absolutely. They're more analytical than they feel. Yes. But it sounds like you have this unique experience of practicing yoga, meditation, you know, being with monks for many years and deepening a spiritual, more of emotional practice, I would say, in your body as well, not only analytical in your mind. Have you been able to navigate the mind-emotion connection well or do you feel like you still had blockages in your body or in your emotions because you're in your head? Both. Yeah. Right? So so I I I think I I think it never never the work is never done. Yeah, yeah. And you're always going to have problems. Mhm. And that's okay. Yeah. Right? So we have this idea of like problems are only a problem if you don't know how to deal with them. Yeah. If you stay stuck in them. If you stay stuck in them. >> Yeah, yeah. Right? So you know, falling down is only an issue if you can't get back up. >> That's what I have to do. So that's the way I respond. If I even hear it in my own head Uh-huh. to avoid myself from becoming a guru. Yeah. I look at my butt. Come on, I would I will do every I will give you peace and joy. So well a lot of people this is really fascinating. There's a lot of information about intelligence. So one interesting question I had is why isn't everyone a genius? Hmm. So if you think about like evolution, right? And the way that our bodies evolve and things like that, well like why wouldn't just everyone be smarter? Yeah. Why not? So it turns out that intelligence is a double-edged sword, especially really high. So a couple of really fascinating statistics. If you look at the top 10% uh top 10% of intelligence, those people make way more money than the top 1%. Why? Cuz they have an they're more naive, also? the top 1%? >> The top the top 9%, I guess, are more naive. No, so so so if you if you take the 10 smartest people in a room of a hundred, they will make more money than the smartest person in the room. Hmm. So at some point intelligence becomes harmful. Ah. Cuz it's a lack of action probably, right? >> Well, it's a couple of things. One is that people who are very smart are actually more prone to depression. Why? Because they realize how screwed they are. They can calculate their problems way easier. Second thing is the more intelligent you are, the more emotionally underdeveloped you become. Mhm. Because your brain you solve all your problems with intellect instead of emotion. Uh-huh. So often times people who have high IQ have lower EQ. Mhm. And the reason for this is because if I have, you know, a dominant hand, I'm going to use it all the time and my left hand will become weaker. Yeah. So as as intelligence becomes your tool of choice, other parts of your brain will actually be underdeveloped. >> Mhm. They become more dormant. Absolutely. Wow. And you need both, the body, the emotions, the minds, the body, heart, soul. >> healthiest way to be is to use the full capacity of what's at your disposal. People with super high IQ are basically one-trick ponies. And so there's stuff some stuff that they're good at and some stuff that they're not good at. And you want to have a a range of skill sets. >> Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, look at you. Mhm. Right? Curious, intellectual, thoughtful, Yeah. physically on point, >> And nothing emotionally connected. >> at all. And nothing at all. >> at all. You know, ego-less, formless. Yeah, not yet, but you'll get there. One day I'll ascend to your level. Uh descend. Descend. >> Yeah. Become nothing. Yeah. Final question for you. What what is your definition of greatness? I I think it's to lean into being fully you. If you look at most people, if you this kind of going to sound kind of weird, but you pay attention to their head, they're running away from themselves. I don't want to be this. I want to be like this. I want to be like this person. I want to be like you're not being you. And so then you look at what other people are doing and you're like, oh, this person wakes up at this time and this person wakes up at this time. I I I if I have time for a story. Go ahead. So you know, I was in my first the second, third week of medical school and I saw like all of my colleagues would like study a lot, right? Like so we go to class and they'd be like chugging coffee and it's like 7:00 p.m., 8:00 p.m., 9:00 p.m., 10:00 p.m., 11:00 p.m. They're at the library and I was trying to do that cuz I was like I have all this stuff to learn. It just didn't work. So then I was I didn't do great on my first set of tests and I was like I got to figure this out. And I was like I just can't work like these people. So instead I I leaned into my yoga training, woke up at 4:30 every day, would study for 2 hours a day between 5:00 and 7:00 in the morning and then I would go to class, finish class, go home, you know, just do whatever and then I'd go to sleep. Mhm. So I only studied 2 hours a day in medical school. In the right 2 hours of the day, everything goes into my head, it's fresh. My absorption just drops so much when I'm fatigued. I'm not sleeping well because I had so much caffeine. So lean into who you are. You have a unique set you're a unique set of genetics, unique set of experiences. You have talents that other people can't even imagine. >> Mhm. But as long as you are trying to be someone else, the strategy that worked for somebody else worked for that set of genetics, worked at that time. You know, we were talking earlier about Mask of Masculinity. It's a book that I think every dude should check out. This is the book that should have been that people should be writing today. You were too early. >> I know I was. >> Yeah. Everyone's talking about masculinity now. You did it before it was cool. >> Oh, yeah. And so like you have to lean into who you are. Mhm. That's how you're going to be great. Yeah. Can't live anybody else's life. Mhm. Stop trying. Okay. Thanks, man. Powerful. Great, dude. Every thought [music] you have impacts every cell in your body. So, for [music] example, if I said mother, my hands got warm. Now, if you said father, hands get colder, they get sweatier. Every thought [music] you have impacts every cell.

  Top Comments:
  1. @MojRez_44: Great podcast. A question: how to treat patient with psychosis or schizophrenia if all mental illnesses can be treated without medication
  2. @dawng2968: Love Lewis so much. He has the courage to be sincere and imperfect. He doesn’t wait until he’s brilliant, he just is authentic and honest. Appreciate you Lewis, you show us how to be
  3. @motionmuse5684: Overly High Achiever, Ive done a Ton of cool things but it was never enough or the "exact thing" for my parents so then I kinda felt whats the point anymore. Or going into some job only to be oppressed and toggled, just like they did to me. Certain people tell me wow you are Amazing but yes the Negative Identity programming. Its hard to get out of it after so long. And those people arent around anymore.
  4. @rochellegracilla6157: Lol, and what if I am in my 60's Lewis?!  or 70's?  Mind is mind, thoughts are thoughts
  5. @suzannesharpeOUCH: On the other hand, Dr. K, I have learned that showing up is half the battle — and better than doing nothing.
  6. @suzannesharpeOUCH: I don’t think my “garden” is ever tended. The depression I have suffered over my lifetime drives me to make efforts usually in vain. The garden isn’t ever complete. It rarely feels even good enough. I am slower and “less than” capable every day.
  7. @SophiaAphrodite: It is nice to see Dr K back off his religious zealotry, he was not very kind to Alex O'Conner and was very arrogant about his faith when they tried to gang up on him on another channel. Luckily for Alex is he never takes things personal and always managed to keep the arguments on point, but Dr K and everyone else there really looked bad in that episode with Alex's treatment. Dr. K is always a pleasure when he sets aside his faith and keeps it separate from his therapy.
  8. @suzannesharpeOUCH: I love Dr K and so glad you chose to invite him.
  9. @exoticloon: omg Dr K and Lewis??!! 🏆🏆🏆
  10. @fffkoff: 16:45 hell yeah good job! gotta get rid of the toxicity! I did it and it feels great!
  11. @TheIronSavior: We hallucinate our real lives
  12. @Dante-lp3bz: Add Dr. K in your title to get more views and make the video more reachable Lewis.
  13. @raym67470: Very interesting and nice lessons.. thanks
  14. @Princess-j1o6l: Beautifully explained  ❤
  15. @ilianadiaz2557: This podcast could be a complete book if you transcribe it. So much value in 2 hours
  16. @UnikabyMaxine: When i see comments loke this.
I know I got a good watch ahead of me
 Let me go grab my favorite tea ❤
  17. @lucasa8710: I always watch anything dr k is in (in the podcast space) and this one hits differently in very good way. I don't know how to explain but, thanks to everyone involved ❤
  18. @ayaazarm3478: Is observing = focus?
  19. @ammar828: Amaaazing podcast, thank you guys much love for both of you
  20. @michaelm7901: This began in NLP and then Tony Robbins made it popular with "Change your identity change your life" But, I realized, I knew a guy thought he was a hard worker, he wasn't, I knew a girl thought she was nice, she wasn't, then started noticing some people think they are smart, not so much, some people think they are disciplined and like compared to who? I think its better to just decide what to do and do it or not. Who you are is who you decide to be at any moment in time. You can act any way at anytime and no one can stop you. I do not think changing identity makes you act necessarily different. maybe sometimes, ya I agree.

- Convicted fraudster reveals ways to protect homes against title fraud: Kind: captions Language: en NEWS. >> 8 ON YOUR SIDE NOW WITH AN IMPORTANT ALERT HOME TITLE FRAUD IS ONE OF THE FASTEST GROWING WHITE COLLAR CRIMES IN THE COUNTRY. CRIMINALS CAN MAKE MILLIONS ON YOUR HOUSE WITHOUT YOU EVEN KNOWING IT TO HELP YOU KEEP YOUR PROPERTY SAFE ARE SPEAKING WITH ONE OF THOSE CRIMINALS WHO WAS ONCE ON THE FBI'S MOST WANTED LIST. >> 8 ON YOUR SIDE, BUT YOU'RE SO LIVE WITH THIS STORY. VERY INTERESTING STORY THAT. >> AND IS SUPER INTERESTING CONVERSATION WITH THIS FORMER FEDERAL PRISON INMATE. NOW JUST TAKE A SECOND TO THINK ABOUT HOW MUCH PAPERWORK IT TAKES TO PURCHASE A HOME. WE'RE TALKING ABOUT HUNDREDS OF PAGES. NOW, THIS FRAUDSTER TELLS ME ALL HE NEEDS IS A COUPLE OF SHEETS OF DOCUMENTS AND HE COULD BE MAKING THOUSANDS OFF YOUR HOME WHILE YOU'RE LIVING IN IT WITHOUT EVER KNOWING. >> I HAVE HAD. >> 27 DRIVER'S LICENSES AND 6 OR 7 DIFFERENT STATES. MATTHEW IS SETTLED IN THE BAY AREA AFTER SPENDING MORE THAN A DECADE IN FEDERAL PRISON. I WAS. BASICALLY RESPONSIBLE FOR 15 MILLION DOLLARS AND ENTITLE FRAUD. ACCORDING TO THE FBI. IT'S ONE OF THE FASTEST THE COUNTRY. >> ESPECIALLY IN AREAS LIKE TAMPA, WHERE THE HOUSING MARKET IS HOT. >> AND ABOUT A MONTH BY BAR 1.3 MILLION DOLLARS ON 2 HOUSES. JUST PAPERWORK. IT'S ALL IF YOU CAN FILL OUT PAPERWORK. IF YOU CAN DO THIS, THIS IS NOT DIFFICULT. HE TELLS ME CRIMINAL TO KNOW THE RIGHT PUBLIC RECORDS TO REQUESTED FILL OUT CAN START MAKING MONEY ON YOUR HOME IN A MATTER OF WEEKS. I SATISFY THE LOAN. >> NOW THAT YOU ON THE HOUSE FREE AND CLEAR, I MAKE A FAKE ID IN YOUR NAME. I OPENED A FEW BANK ACCOUNT. I APPLY FOR SOME LOANS IN YOUR NAME. I BORROW 3 OR 4 MORTGAGES ON YOUR HOUSE IN YOUR NAME. CLOSE THOSE MORTGAGES IN YOUR NAME, DEPOSIT THE MONEY IN THE BANK. PULL THE MONEY OUT AND MAYBE 3 MONTHS LATER, THEY START TO FORECLOSE ON YOU. TALK SAYS BY THE TIME YOU REALIZE WHAT'S HAPPENING, HE'S ALREADY ON TO HIS NEXT VICTIM THAT WE REALIZE HOW VULNERABLE THEY ARE UNTIL THAT HAPPENS. AND THEN IT'S TOO LATE. >> AND SO IN ORDER TO PROTECT YOURSELF, WHAT SAYS THAT YOU NEED TO BE CHECKING YOUR HOME TITLE ROUTINELY ON A MONTHLY OR EVEN WEEKLY BASIS, WHICH HE SAYS IS SOMETHING MOST PEOPLE DON'T DO. HE TELLS ME ANOTHER REALLY GOOD OPTION IS TO HIRE A COMPANY LIKE HOME TITLE LOCK. WHAT THEY'RE GOING TO DO IS THEY'RE GOING TO DO THOSE ROUTINE CHECKS FOR YOU. AND THEN IF SOMETHING DOES HAPPEN OR SOMETHING UNUSUAL POPS UP DELHI ARE A LOYAL AND AT LAWYER, I SHOU

  Top Comments:
  1. @Hebrewnegroroots-n8i [1 likes]: House fraud is running rampant in America in the local government really doesn’t care you have to take the criminal to court to get the property back in most cases people don’t even get charged.
  2. @Duguay2025: I'm a major victim of loan fraud. my dad and I built my home with our bare hands in 2003 I put it over $400,000 on my life Savings. I simply went into the bank to get a $20,000 loan that day. Got a check finish my downstairs into an apartment so I could put my daughter to college four months later I found out that I was refinanced 40,000 more dollars was added to the loan and it was with Shitizens Bank a bank I never would want and they paid off by loan with Dover meal. This happened in 2009. I lived in it long enough to do everything to the house that needed to be done so some scammer could come in and collect it on my investment. They gave it to him for 82,000 never held a public auction wouldn’t let my mother pay off my loan wouldn’t let me keep my own house and then kicked me and my daughter’s out 1231 a 2015 and that’s when I found out they foreclosed on my property. it’s the dirtiest crime out there and I just can’t wait until these fraudsters and scumbags get justice which won’t be till the second death, but they will get justice.
  3. @lillyblank1019: What about car title lock
  4. @thomaspulsiver798: It’s the Jews
  5. @OmegaSoopreme: Oooor, put a freeze on your credit through the three credit bureaus. Only unlock when you need to apply for credit then re-lock! Stop paying people to “monitor” you.
  6. @uknow-u8g: Doesn't matter if he is no longer he is disgusting!  Did HE PAY BACK TO the victims ?!  Ef the government!
  7. @frankl1955: I wonder how many suicides resulted from this schmuck.
  8. @john-1186: They need ss number to do this fraud. How the heck can they obtain that easily?
  9. @XFZNB: @InsideTrueCrime 😂 Matthew Cox
  10. @Gammys-interests: People shouldn’t have to keep their property safe.  Those who have our deed’s etc. should have a responsibility to protect us, esp when we have our homes paid off.  We should not have to do this. Home owners really should be contacting their congressmen weekly to do the right thing and make laws protecting home owners, not criminals, lenders, etc.  I always had to PROVE MY IDENTITY when I purchased a home or got a loan.
  11. @darrenbrown5129: 😢
  12. @EAS-z4z: Kholer electric has illegal businesses in Davenport Iowa and rock Island county I can tell u a bunch of them ..as well as involved in murders and trying to illegally kick me out of my own houses.   Davenport Iowa . Michael plottner s dad is trying to become Putin in fucking Russia or possibly at least this dude is involved somehow ..I do not understand this but if someone looks into it I will give u the houses and still pay u rent.  This shit has gone too far just because these people Rick Wilson shon Johnson melody smelly clain all want titles that there dirty ass bloodline will never be untitled too
  13. @toyarj37: One thing he said is he opened up credit in your name. If you have your credit locked with all agencies that can’t happen. Nobody will give a loan if they can’t see your credit and in order to see my credit they have to ask me.
  14. @livlife_tm: You can tell this dude loved what he did
  15. @Navy-Vet2025: With all the money local governments force out of our pockets in the form of property tax, they should be spending some of it PROTECTING US. Biometrics should be required to change titles. Fingerprint/palm scanners, retinal scanning….
  16. @shawnstephens1251: Rather than asking 'how can you protect your home?', a better question is 'why should you have to?'.  When will crime fighting evolve from heavy handed cops pulling over speeders and accosting citizens to actually stopping crime that severely impacts people and lives.  These folks are actually consulting a criminal since apparently, no one else has a clue.
  17. @CeeBee-s2z: He may have been able to get away with this 30 years ago but it will be very difficult to obtain a fake Driver license in your name in NYC and pretend to be you. I think Mr Cox did this in the early 90s when systems were vulnerable. My advice is to always make sure there are no outstanding water bills, property taxes, medical bills, or parking tickets that are outstanding. Sometimes they do not send you a bill in the mail and this could go on for months or years and then one day you find out you have a lien on your house for thousands of dollars for parking tickets and student loans . Happened to my friend 2 weeks ago. She had a parking ticket from three years ago. She knew nothing about. Suddenly found out there’s a lien on her house for $1200.
  18. @williamluttrell-t1m: This report is incorrect home title fraud is not ranked high on the list of fraud
  19. @Literally_the_devil: It’s called LEGISLATION. CHANGE THE LAW TO PROTECT HOMEOWNERS. NO TITLE TRANSFERS UNLESS DONE IN PERSON.

WE DO NOT NEED A THIRD PARTY SERVICE TO AMEND THIS.
  20. @FirstNameLastName-okayyoutube: Home title lock is a scam.  Obviously there should be a correction in the procedure and they should have your phone number and they should call you every time you try to make a transaction on your property and you should have the option of being required to do it in person placed within the registry for free

- Why Moms Are Miserable | Sheryl Ziegler | TEDxWilmingtonWomen: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Eunice Tan Reviewer: Tanya Cushman About a year ago, as I was finishing my research on motherhood, I came across "The Feminine Mystique," written by Betty Friedan in 1963. The title of the first chapter is "The Problem That Has No Name." As I read through the pages, I felt my heart bursting. I thought to myself, "Every mom needs to know what's in these pages." It helps give meaning to where moms were back then and where we still are today. Betty Friedan was able to interview these mothers, who shared with her that they felt unfulfilled, alone, and ashamed to admit that they felt lost in the midst of motherhood. She called this "the problem that has no name." The spread into suburbia, with its green lawns and large corner lots, was isolating for moms. Their worries over smallpox and polio were replaced by depression and alcoholism. Drug remedies, such as "mother's little helper," promised relief from boredom, unhappiness, and anxiety. Sure, we've come a long way since the 1950s. But the feeling of loneliness and lack of fulfillment is still the same today. In my practice as a child and family therapist, I have heard a familiar story over and over: mothers who feel exhausted, overwhelmed, and lonely in their lives. I knew that I could relate to feeling exhausted and overwhelmed, but I didn't think that loneliness applied to me. Or did it? "I'm still best friends with people from childhood, I have a loving and supportive husband, I volunteer in my kids' schools and in our community, and my calendar is booked with dinners and parties." So I thought I was doing okay. Until one day, something happened that changed all of that. A few years ago, after being in excruciating pain for two days, I drove myself to the ER. Once I was examined, I was immediately admitted into a private room, where I turned the TV on and settled in for what I figured was going to be a long night. And despite the fact that I was in a lot of pain, I was actually quite content. I was laying in one of those reclining hospital beds, I had nurses coming in and checking on me, (Laughter) I had a warm hospital blanket on, and I was watching Sunday Night Football. I had no kids to put down, no dishes to unload, and no laundry to fold. It was just me, alone, in a room. And then I had a light-bulb moment. I thought, "Oh, I've heard about this before. This is what people are talking about." I was having a hospital fantasy! A real-life hospital fantasy. And it felt really good. But after I found out that I was having a kidney stone attack, the novelty did wear off. And I thought to myself, besides my family, who could I call? Who could I call right now to simply say, "I am in the hospital. I don't need anything from you - no meals, no driving kids around. I just thought that you'd want to know"? And in that moment, I realized that I was just as disconnected from my community as the mothers I see in my practice. I had gotten so busy doing what all of us do: I moved around, raising kids and advancing my career. I was living my life in 60-minute increments - going from school to soccer, home, and back to work. I was feeling lonely, and I didn't even know it. 50 years later, the problem that has no name is still with us. It shows itself differently, but it's still the same problem. Today, we have the rabbit hole of social media that shows what all the other mommies are doing better than us. Mm-hmm. If we're a working mom, we feel guilty. And if we're a stay-at-home mom, we feel judged. We second-guess and stress over all the parenting decisions that we make. And all too often, we feel like failures and frauds. (Applause) Got it. Somewhere in our frantic and overscheduled lives, we might have a husband, with all of his needs and demands as well. Most of us somehow manage to maintain a career. Back in the '50s and '60s, mothers thought if only they could have a career, life would be good. And earning our own money and having our own careers has been good. But the problem that has no name remains. If you're relating to any of this, you are not alone. I started researching and asking the tough questions. I found that since the 1970s, women have been reporting less life satisfaction than men. I asked myself, "Why is this?" As I dug deep, one thing became clear: women need closeness with other human beings every day. And this is not the same as casual connections. We are spending upwards of 30 hours a week online, with at least one hour a day on Facebook. Yet I found that over the past 40 years, our friendship networks have shrunk. We move around, on average, 11 times throughout our lifetime. And shuttling kids around has caused moms to spend more time in their cars rather than socializing with others. And did you know that social isolation is hazardous to our physical health as well? One university study showed that patients were 50% more likely to survive disease if they had close friendships. And social isolation and the feeling of loneliness is a major health issue that increases your risk of death, more so than smoking or obesity. So what do we do? Do we say that this is the problem that has no name and therefore has no solution? I don't think so. In researching this topic over the last several years, I've come to think that if each one of the clients that I see in my practice had a best friend, my practice might be cut in half. We need to spend some of those hours that we're online with a female friend instead. As I've shared with you today, I wasn't immune either. So now, I reach out to others more. And even when I'm tired and I don't want to go out, I still meet that friend out. And we share our stories because collective stories create community. And I've banned being busy - I won't let "busy" build walls that keep me apart from other people. Together, in our small towns or our large cities, we need to be a part of eliminating this problem. So let's start by calling a friend anytime. And when we kiss our kids goodnight and we're tired, let's still call a friend, even if just to say, "How was your day?" Let's get together with a friend, reach out to an old friend, make a new friend, resolve issues with people from the past. As I think about the importance of friendship for all of us, and especially in my own life, I'm reminded of this beautiful line said by Susan Sarandon in the movie "Shall We Dance?" And it goes something like, "We all need a witness. There are a billion people on the planet, so what does any one life really mean?" When you have a close friend, you're saying, "Your life will not go unnoticed, because I will notice it. Your life will not go unwitnessed, because I will be your witness." Moms of all ages and all stages: this problem has been around for at least 50 years, and it's up to each and every one of us to make sure it's not around for the next 50 years. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @J-oo2cm [3 likes]: As a mum you give up your body, your lovelife, your hobbies, your career, your friends, your sleep, your energy, your... it's exhausting. Becoming a mom is so diffrent than becoming a dad.
  2. @metalrocker627 [2 likes]: A woman is fundamentally miserable and unsatisfied no matter what.
  3. @1982lucyc [2 likes]: Boomer grandparents that give no support, despite getting loads from their parents, are a huge part of the problem
  4. @MihannahRock [2 likes]: You can’t have kids fulfill your soul
Jesus does
  5. @TinFoilCat90 [1 likes]: I haven't left my house in 2 weeks and Im slowly losing my mind. Dont be a stay at home mom its miserable. There is no one to call. They all disappeared. I dont even have family members willing to babysit so I can go to a therapist.
  6. @maki9396 [1 likes]: We miss our village. Did you hear what she said? She drover herself to the hospital.
  7. @cherokeecindyreed1205 [1 likes]: We’re not just moms, we are cooks, maids, nurses, teachers, therapist, providers, everything for our kids.
  8. @ceirra25 [1 likes]: i think about disappearing and not tell anyone where i’m going and i don’t think anyone would try to find me or help me
  9. @Chris-u6s1m [1 likes]: They think metermaid work is somehow more relevant than birthing and raising a new generation.
  10. @jonnash3444 [1 likes]: I want to help my wife but she is unable to verbalize what or where she needs help. I’ve been playing a lonely game of guessing what will make her happy.  She always says I need to focus on myself, but I can see the emptiness screaming from her body but feel helpless to fulfill that void.  I never knew this was a real thing until I experienced it.  As a father, sometimes we need a little guidance trying to help navigate this uncharted territory.  Don’t push away, lean in. Accept that someone on the other side wants to love you.
  11. @savitrizuzanka1312 [1 likes]: Problém is still here … I cant wait for my hospital fantasy 😢
  12. @georgekingceramics: The problem is we are mammals that should be living in packs ... every fibre of my being tells me this as I struggle with feeling tired, overwhelmed, exhausted and lonely bringing up my child, and I have a supportive partner .. 
Society is designed to keep us separated, sick and scared of your neighbour.
We live in ridiculous times, the dumbests capitalist selfish time. 
How do you make a difference? Call your friend, no ! I think it will take more than that
  13. @darlaandel6516: Yep mother and fiance but alone for sure no friends.thank I for this
  14. @gloria-pk2pk: Kind of weird that she never mentioned anything about the relationship with her husband? Isn’t it better if you can have all that stuff with a husband since moms and women are very flaky these days it’s really hard to nail down any visitation.
  15. @GotitClearSystematic: the accuracy of this is actually scary
  16. @CaitlinReynolds-l7q: You were in a "happy good marriage" and had "lots of childhood friends".. but was in excruciating pain for 2 days and drove yourself to the hospital... where you were so happy to be alone. I wouldnt call that a good marriage or friends.
  17. @ceirra25: It hurts being a mom we aren’t cool it’s not cool to care or love your mom according to my family if i disappear no one would notice or care
  18. @movemillions: My mom is single parent and she will never married because her devoted relationship to Jesus. As much as I try to be supportive son I can’t be the one to tell her what she needs to do.. I really would love to see my mother become the flower she ment to be and bloom.
  19. @SpiritGang.10.17: Its hard!!! Lets hang in there no matter how crazy we tend to get ❤
  20. @2manswhen: I’m not even a mom but if ur a mom that’s litearly like saying uve been thru a war (not rly but kinda) moms go thru sm it so exhausting for my mom it’s like she never got to be alone and always had to do stuff for kids everyday