- The hidden power of not (always) fitting in. | Marianne Cantwell | TEDxNorwichED: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] thank you this talk is for those of us who are good at looking like we fit in the different worlds we move in so be it your industry a social group different interests you have or just the stage you stand on it's like from the outside it looks like you fit but secretly a little piece of you never feels you 100% fit into any of them now if you've ever had an inkling of feeling that way you're not alone I mean I felt the same there are definitely two of us and I've spent the last eight years helping thousands of people get paid without compromising their personality and in doing that I discovered a few things that surprised me about being this way you see for me not quite fitting into any one identity started from the moment I could talk see I was born in in Australia but my father's English and my mom was from the little island of macius so I grew up speaking English and French with a sort of weird accent that didn't really fit anywhere in the world especially not where I grew up but the first time I really thought about this topic was one day when I was 16 see being a lifelong nerd at 16 I was at the top of my class along with this other boy and one day my teacher took me aside and said maranne you and I have something in Comm we're both generalists at which point I thought great that sounds like a good word and then he continued now the other boy he's different from us he is a specialist and the one thing I've learned is that the world rewards Specialists not generalists that's why he's going to do really well I mean hearing these words 16-year-old me just thought well he's right you know my teacher must be right if I want to fit and Thrive as an adult I'm going to have to focus on one thing you know really make it my mission to fit cleanly into one identity and leave old messy me behind and so that's what I did I went to University I graduated moved across the world to London started to rise in the work world and I mean fitting in it kind of worked like on the outside I was all right at playing the part sometimes but to be honest on the inside I was stuck like feeling sort of smaller and smaller and by that point I was Googling for better options like every night but there were no ideas on how to fix this mean all the advice was the usual cliches like you know find your one big passion or find your tribe like seriously what do you do when you've never seen a place that you completely fit you know not just one where you kind of look like you do and so a decade ago I decided to take this seriously and I asked myself if it was possible to create a career where you don't have to fit into a box and then I quit my job to make that happen as my own boss since then I've experimented with different freerange ways of working I've run my business from everywhere places like barley and Costa Rica or New York and London I've run these Global online festivals where brilliant thinkers share how they handle these questions but most of all I've been privileged to poke inside the heads of thousands of people who feel like this and the biggest thing I've learned is this we are told through our parents education media and more that we live in a black and white world where the game is to get good at one thing you're fit into one identity like what one thing will you be when you grow up I've all heard that right but some of us just aren't that person at heart and so that advice leaves us feeling stuck but what if the mistake isn't in how you are but in how you were told you should be Graham green said human nature is not black and white but black and gray guys this is how we are as humans this is how we actually are as humans and you're realizing that is a GameChanger because it means you haven't been getting it wrong that pull inside that was saying oh there has to be another way other than to squish myself into this onedimensional one track version of me it's not wrong we're simply not given a model for the world that lets that way of being Thrive and to be clear not only is this way of being a thing there's a word for it Lial this is my favorite word and it describes a state of inbetweenness like you're not quite one thing but not quite another you're on the Borderland a part of this but also a part of that of becoming and when I first heard this word I just thought wow I mean that describes me and not just the big life stuff but say right now on my bookshelf The Sex and the City novel is cuddling up to a behavioral economics textbook and I love both of them equally right that's actually a word for this you know a great example of liminality would be vampires I they're not quite alive but they're not quite dead they're not quite human but not quite other they're not fully evil but they're not all good they're in Between Worlds it's like they don't fit into anyone's space but why would I mention that here well because it's no mistake that over the past few decades vampires and zombies have been the topic of some of the cult TV series with the biggest and most dedicated fan bases you see we watch what we desire to be but aren't allowed to be and the one thing our society does not allow us to be is Lial and in a world full of black and white messages like are you in or out with us or against us this or or that then this has a big pull and heads up now I've said it you'll see it everywhere I mean so many popular dramas do the same like uh Breaking Bad it's a runaway hit that revolves around the question is the main character a family man or something else or both yeah that show is literally about liminality you see we watch this stuff whenever we turn on our TVs or load up our Netflix but then we go back to real life and we squish ourselves down be one thing fit in your box millions of us are doing this but it doesn't have to be that way see here's a different model the way we're told the world works is kind of like a bunch of continents now these continents could be different Industries or identities so if this was careers it could be here is continent lawyer here's continent small business owner here's continent I know cupcake Baker or something and your role we're told is to find the continent where you really fit you know get the visa learn the Customs rise the ranks by being the one who fits best but that's a losing game if you're Lial because you don't quite feel like you fit so your only option other than to pretend is to look for a continent where you fit better but even though the other world might seem exciting at first soon you get disappointed right like it wasn't quite as you as you thought like you have to leave another bit of yourself behind and so the cycle continues but what's the alternative well it's to create your own Island an island where every bit of you fits and you create this island just off the shore of your favorite continent and it takes the best of that world and fills out the rest with the best of the other worlds you have a foot in so these could be bits of your personality or background or something you can't help being so let me just give you an example consider an island where you do business strategy for people who run their own thing now the continent approach would be to look for others who do this and tell yourself I should be more like them you know maybe Facebook stalk them or something but here you get to create your own version so your Island could be populated by the fact that you're a highly sensitive person in a field that's traditionally more Brash could have some of the storytelling you can't help do a Sprinkle of your travel lust a light dusting of being a straight talker and so on and by the way that's a fair description of one of my islands and I couldn't have found that job description anywhere right I did look and that's the bottom line you don't find your place as a lional person you create it so as I said that I realized this could sound like isn't this a compromise like a work around to deal with your weirdness wouldn't it be better to not be like this in the first place well when you take the things it means to be Lial like having a foot in more more than one place and bridging worlds a slightly different personality to others around you maybe not focusing on one idea forever to the exclusion of anything else when you take those things and apply them to yourself we can feel shame you know like we're getting it wrong being weird not doing the grown-up thing right but here's the thing if you take those same traits and apply them to others you know who that describes it describes leaders it describes change makers innovators creators it describes the very people we're telling our children to Aspire to be and they get there through the traits that we tell ourselves to squish down and hide I mean take successful innovators Innovation does not happen by some guy sitting in a silent white room for weeks just waiting for inspiration to strike that's kind of sounds like how writers block happens but Innovation however happens from a through well generally from an idea being taken from one world and used in another like say a tiny camera with a tiny plastic lens that didn't sell to camera buyers but put it on the back of a mobile phone and bingo similarly people who create movements who were seen at the Forefront of their field they didn't get there by being like everyone else in that continent they created their own island off the coast of that space movements are created by Lor people so your lional Edge could be something about background or maybe a personality trait that you could hide away for being too different but instead you step into like this guy Ricky who organized conferences where World leading Specialists gave insightful speeches but Ricky well he had a personality Quirk a little different to others around him impatience he was a conference organizer who got really bored by long speeches so he started giving his speakers shorter and shorter time slots shorter than anything on the scene at the time and the little known Ted conference started to take off that's why we're sitting here today you see this is not about being some sort of Rebel who's all different for the sake of it being Lial it's like being an inside Outsider with one foot in the world you want to move in and a foot elsewhere and you get to decide where those borders lie yeah from introverts to extroverts and every shade of gray in between this applies it's always those pieces we so tempted to hide in the Shadows that turn out to be our Edge when we bring them into the light actually so I just want to stop here a sec and say you might be listening to this and thinking this is inspiring stuff hopefully or I like these ideas I'm totally going to tell my kids about them but realistically maybe you already are a leader or you're just somewhere you've worked hard for right and there can be a sense that maybe this is for someone younger or newer like without so much to lose not me not now and I get this I I really get this because to be honest with you that is how I felt a few years ago see everything had come together with my work finally after a lot of hard work I had a business doing stuff I loved with great people living between beautiful countries and then one day to my Publishers surprise I found myself the author of a best-selling book related to this and suddenly things exploded like those opportunities I was circling for years were just you know pinging in my inbox it was like my little island I'd created was attractive and like everyone wanted to come in and visit and so I did just what you'd expect at that point when my star was like at its highest and I had a breakdown I disappeared from the scene very quietly and turned down everything from keynote invitations I mean I didn't create anything new in that time either I just I just couldn't but the weird thing was at that same time um the national press saw me as this sort of expert in entrepreneurship and location Independence I was kind of like the poster girl for digital Nomads um but every time I get a call I would think why are they talking to me I mean yes I had a business like I was running from around the world but I didn't feel like the person the magazines wanted to write about I mean for starters digital Nomads are supposed to be these sort of Frugal Travelers without a home who live out of their perfectly packed suitcase with like I know two T-shirts all year or something or as I I mean I am terrible at packing like seriously it's not a key strength like my hobby is interior design I can't stop buying cushions and so I felt like my messy Lial self didn't have anywhere to breathe I was like they've got this one wrong I don't even want to be what they think I am now just to be clear if that happened earlier it wouldn't have been a problem right I just would have stepped into my differences without a second and thought it wouldn't have even bothered me but not now you see in my mind it was fine to be all messy and Lial when you were the scrappy upstart but there was still that 16year old girl who believed her teacher who believed that proper success meant fitting into one place properly and staying there others would kill for that opportunity you all heard that right play the part but I couldn't keep talking about this stuff while feeling that way so I took time out and went on a journey to figure this out and it finally clicked one day that the people I most admired people at the top of their field I'm talking real household names they didn't do things the way I was telling myself I had to do them now they didn't let success on their Island turn it into a trap that defined like who they could be or the one way to do things instead they turned their Island into a boat and they moved it along with them take Elizabeth Gilbert author of Eat Pray Love A major bestseller about a part of her life now she could have ridden off that one story forever right you know gone on the speaker circuit talked about that one thing on a loop but instead she held up in a small town and wrote a novel about 19th century plant collectors and then went on the Ted stage talked about creativity released a book on that and you know the funny thing eat prey love is how most people first heard of Liz Gilbert but that wasn't even her first success the 1990s movie Coyote Ugly was based on an article she wrote about her experiences working in a bar and imagine if she'd stop them if she said oh but writers like me are only meant to take these steps from here oh I might feel too different but no I'm too far along hide all that away me no instead it was about moving forward with her Island and as a result she's made a much bigger impact than had she stopped and said that was it you got one go now stay still I mean doesn't have to be that dramatic of course I there was certainly more subtle Evolutions out there but this theme was consistent among anyone I admired who was worldclass in what they did you see up until then I thought that embracing your differences and your Lial nature was kind of a tool like a Nifty marketing approach you'd use to stand out or get an edge when you were younger or new I thought it was a tool but what I didn't realize is it's who we are and right now is your time as a Lial person right now the world is changing so fast there is no way to predict what specialism or skill will be in demand except for one thing the ability to bridge genres to navigate Industries and change to be in a word Lial and that's what you have already and what's more the world needs you at a time when the world is putting up its borders and trying to divide people into this or that we need people like you who can straddle those borders and bring in fresh perspectives we need you now more than ever so if you like these ideas the one thing you can do is live them because it's hard to inspire other generations and do so authentically when we think there's no option than to be stuck for ourselves I mean imagine if my teacher when I was 16 had known what we talked about here today here's what he might have said maranne you and I have something in common we're Lial and the world won't always understand that but I want you to know it's a valueable way to be and don't just take my word for it the examples and islands are all around when you know how to look so don't hide that away you see you won't succeed despite your liminality but because of it and I say the same to you if you've thought that's me even once here then know that you're not alone you're in good company along with the innovators and change makers of the world or simply those with a quirk who in the past would have hidden their true colors but who know their time is now because you belong here as does every part of you thank [Applause] you

  Top Comments:
  1. @aliciagc2539 [26 likes]: INFJ here. I could not relate more. Thank you for articulating this so beautifully. I have always felt like I “kind of” fit in, but always felt on the outside. At the same time I don’t truly want to fit in. It would mean losing myself.
  2. @andreipopescu4707 [2 likes]: Thank you🙏🏞️🌈🌌! I do belong here🤗❤️❤️❤️
  3. @DarrelWong王业凯 [1 likes]: Thank you for this talk. It gives me courages to live on
  4. @brainbow-art-photography [1 likes]: wow that is my favourite ted talk xxx
  5. @Night_Fury2006 [1 likes]: I feel awkward just by walking so stay away from many people but being with my boys mostly when we are more then 2 I feel invisible
  6. @dorothyedwards7225 [1 likes]: 👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏😇👩
  7. @stillrougharoundtheedges669 [1 likes]: You lose your identity when you try to fit in. So F...them all except six, six people are needed to carry you to you're final resting place.
  8. @lmiller1528 [1 likes]: Exactly. Humans are not wired to fit in a box. During the Industrial revolution, education system was changed to convince people to fit into a box so that factories could get workers. Noam Chomsky explains this.
  9. @WakandaBabe [1 likes]: I appreciate the message because lots of us don't fit it, but I had to stop watching half way. I can always tell when a speaker is not a natural speaker because their gestures are overdone, rehearsed and not natural. And that is very distracting, at least to me. But I understand that public speaking doesn't come natural for lots of people; kudos for just getting up in front of an audience.
  10. @intuitiveoptic1591 [1 likes]: .... somehow , you are answering my question. Wow. Thanks.
  11. @Daryna-writer: Great video, thank you
  12. @ginamoullec3721: No mention of possible high functionning autism?
  13. @chrisklugh: Its so lonely not fitting in.   Like being on an alien world, where everyone is afraid of me.  Everyone wants nothing to do with me or my ideas.  The worse advise you can give anyone is to be special.  The best advise I could give anyone is fall in line and be as similar as everyone around you.  Don't stand out!  Cause if you do, you will be ridiculed for it.  Be the blue pill popping sheep!
  14. @GlenStevenson-t7z: Fit in id rsther be weird who wants to be like everyone else
  15. @FrancaMilanN: Reminds me of Barbara Sher's writing about scanners.
  16. @mahna1385: Sh’s so damn right! God bless her
  17. @stephenatkinson2333: This is absolutely awesome. LOVE IT.
  18. @MagorzataSawa-lx2jn: "I can't stop buying cushions"
Sounds familiar ;)
  19. @Antbeast23: Who cares be yourself and stop trying to be something ur not if people can’t accept that screw them. Your genuine and real friends are people that can accept you and that you can learn  and grow from. I feel like I’m high school it’s like this often but u grow out of it and everyone gets along after. People can be really childish
  20. @Annkeetaah_san: That vampire analogy had me smiling .
What an incredible Ted talk !

- How To Install MySQL (Server and Workbench): Kind: captions Language: en hello everyone in this video I'm going to teach you how to install MySQL server and MySQL workbench onto your computer and then how to connect the two together so you can access your local server through my SQL workbench I'm going to be doing this on Windows since Windows has the most complicated install process but if you're on a Mac or Linux system make sure to check the description where I included links on where to install my SQL server and my SQL workbench since it's much easier to do on Mac and Linux and then if you're are on Mac and Linux make sure you come back to the end of this video so that you can figure out how to connect your SQL Server to your SQL [Music] workbench so to get started if you're on Windows go to the link in the windows section of the description and that'll lead you to this page where if you scroll down to the bottom there's going to be a button for my SQL installer for Windows and this is the all-in-one installer that you can download so just click go to download page and when this loads you're presented with two options of the installers that you want to to download the first option is just a normal installer that accesses the internet while it's installing to download everything and the second installer comes with everything pre-installed and downloaded so I'm just going to go with the first option here because we don't actually want everything that the installer has inside of it so this will be a smaller download for us and if we click download then we're brought to this page where we're prompted to either log in or sign up or we can just skip all of that and just start the download and from here we can just start the download by clicking save and that'll download the installer and as soon as that's done being installed you just click on the installer to open it up and you make it prompted to ask for permission just click yes to allow a permission as many times as needed and then it'll open up the installer for us where we just have to accept the license and then we're given these options for how we want to install do we want to use the default which is the developer settings server only client only absolutely everything or custom and in our case we're going to go with a custom install because we only want the server and the workbench and we don't want any of the extra stuff that'll download with the developer install so we can click on custom click next and from here we just go to the my SQL Server section select the server that we want and pop it over there should only be one option for you and then in applications we're going to do the same thing with my SQL workbench and again there should only be one option and just send that over and that's everything that we need to install if you want you can download some samples and examples as well as part of your install process but I'm not going to do that from here just click next and then click execute to download and install these and it may take a while to pain in on your internet speed and as soon as that's done downloading and installing we can just click the next button and from here we now need to configure our SQL Server so if we click next we just want to do Standalone mode since we just want individual SQL server and we don't want to have any clustering so just keep it selected on stand alone click next and from here we want to make sure we select development computer which will mean that my SQL Server will take the least amount of memory as possible from our computer while it's running and then leave all this other stuff defaulted what it is this is just the port it'll be connecting through and if you want to open your firewall ports to be able to access it from inside of your internal Network or outside just leave that selected and then click next and from here this is new for my SQL Server 8 it's saying that they're using a new hashing version that's not supported with the older MySQL version and in our case we can use that new version of hashing since we don't need to support an older version of MySQL so we can just leave that selected click next and here we need to give a password for our root user which is the user that has access to everything on our server so just give it any password that you want and then after you're done giving it a password just click next and then this is where you have a few options to change here you can start MySQL server on system startup which is what I recommend doing since it's much easier than manually starting the server every time that you turn off your computer and turn it back on and it takes such little memory that it's not going to actually impact the performance of your computer so I recommend leaving this checked and just keeping this exactly defaulted as it is clicking next and then all we need to do is Click execute and it'll run all the steps that we told it to do in the earlier setup for configuring it and if we just give it a little bit of time now that that's done we can click finish and from here just hit next and we have everything finished so now we can just start my my SQL workbench after the setup's complete and if we click finish and wait a little bit and my SQL workbench should open up now you may already have a connection here and if you double click on this and type in your password you created earlier you able to connect to your server but if you don't have this you'll need to create a new connection so in order to do that we just click this plus button to create a new connection give it whatever name we want we can just say local server and then we want to use standard TCP IP which is what we selected earlier we want to use the host name here which is already our Local Host Port which is the default so if you didn't change it in the install process you'll use this port we have the root as our user and then we just need to type in the password Here by clicking store inv Vault so if we type in our password click okay and if we hit test connection we should get a green light saying that the connection was successfully made and we just click okay and here we go we can connect to our server by double clicking on this and now we have my SQL workbench open and connected to our server and we can run any commands that we want to for example show databases and if we run that you'll see that we have all of our databases being shown down here so that's how we know that we are connected to our SQL Server that we just downloaded and that's all it takes to set up my SQL server and my SQL workbench together if you guys enjoyed the video please make sure to leave a like down below and subscribe for similar content also make sure to check out my very next video which is going to be on how to learn SQL in one video thank you guys very much for watching have a good day

  Top Comments:
  1. @WebDevSimplified [55 likes]: Become a web developer with my FREE Web Development Roadmap - 260+ videos, 120+ projects, 60+ articles 👉 https://webdevsimplified.com/web-dev-roadmap.html
FREE MongoDB Cheat Sheet - 40+ methods 👉 https://webdevsimplified.com/mongodb-cheat-sheet.html
  2. @RicherThanIeverbeen [1 likes]: Awesome. Go it setup and ready to rock n roll !!
  3. @Aslian-uv8mi [1 likes]: 2:36  It is not being executed!
  4. @simple0x8923 [1 likes]: I have connection failed
  5. @databybasit [1 likes]: 2025 and this still works perfectly. Thanks
  6. @Kvisten30: Clear, straight to the point and easy to follow. THANK YOU!
  7. @thatonetryhard8427: Thank you for this. Ive been procrastinating an assignment and didn't realize I needed to set this up
  8. @luipole: very useful. I need to do a project 'till my next class but i had a lot of issues running mysql workbench
  9. @hitokiribattousai91: 7 years later and this video still helps. got my thumbs up
  10. @emiliaomurzakova482: Thanks! That was really helpful!
  11. @TaiwoDaomi-je8nu: This better be good
  12. @DarshikaGupta-i3b: Thanks you saved my lot of time.
  13. @f7black905: doesnt work on me. the arrows are not green and doing full install i cant put a root password...
  14. @DarshilMalhotra-e7p: DONE BRO THANK YOU . DONE AFTER A MONTH AFTER FINDING YOUR VIDEO
  15. @Benorapronobis: Awesome Job! Thanks!
  16. @CallMeJima: TNX for the video, It was helpful
  17. @Kaemynsong: I have really suffered installing and uninstalling so many times I even gave up before just trying out your video and here am I staring at me MySQL workbench🎉. Thank you.
  18. @mijkolsmith: I don't get "start mysql workbench after startup" or anything in the start menu
  19. @adeyinkaoluwatimileyin: This tutorial is a nice break down of how to perfectly install MySQL server and workbench. Thanks 👍
  20. @Luke1ngame: God Bless you thanks for the help

- Creating A Community And Finding Purpose | Stephen Jon Thompson | TEDxCarsonCity: Kind: captions Language: en I want you to take a moment and think about your ideal community. What does your ideal community look like? What does community mean to you? What if I told you my current job, my dream job, finding great engineering talent for companies like Google, Apple, and now LinkedIn relies heavily on personal connections and social media? You'd probably assume that was the case. But what if I told you that experience and that foundation started when I was 9 years old? My mother could no longer take care of me and my five sibs four siblings. So without a word or goodbye, she walked out of her weekly hotel room in a bad part of town forever. I was the eldest of five children. We ranged from the age of 8 to 1 years old. We sat in that hotel without food or water or power. We sat alone in that room dark and scared, hungry, and all alone. One year later I found myself in a jail cell in juvenile hall. I was alone again in the jail cell without my family. I sat in the cell reading books about other people's lives and I realized I wanted more. I stood up, I looked out this window, it was a gloomy overcast day, and I came to a painful realization. I was 9 years old and no one wanted me. and no one loved me. I was 9 years old. I was an incarcerated boy and unlike other children that were living their lives, I had come to experience the extreme world of poverty. Now, my my colleagues or cohorts were were probably playing uh Atari video games or um playing Little League baseball or even riding bikes. But me and my family, we were living in cars, hotel rooms, and the homes of strangers. We lived in shelters and abusive foster homes. I'd seen violence perpetrated against women, men being shot, and the police storming my grandmother's home to find our law-breaking mother. Me and my siblings endured a lack of attention from our mother, malnutrition, and no place to call home. I could barely read or write, and when I did attend school, I was deemed special ed. So in that jail cell, I started to feel normal. Yes, there was much older kids than I, but I wasn't scared. I had food and books and I was hungry for more. I felt like being told told what to do, getting three meals a day, created a routine and structure in my life that I was sorely missing. Sad as it will sound, for the first time in my life, I felt like I belonged. Ironically, that jail cell was more comfortable than any home I'd ever lived in. So in that jail cell, I made a promise to my 9-year-old self that I'd never be alone again and I'd find my family. One week late later I arrived at a place called the home. The official name was the Northern Nevada Children's Home and it was an orphanage. It was a place for kids like me. Like me, many of these kids had no families to support them. They were abused or in some cases in trouble with the law. The home was the last stop for kids before juvenile hall or long-term prison. Now, the home had seven cottages and there was seven or excuse me, 10 to 12 kids per cottage. And the home sat in the middle of this town only a stone's throw away from the state capital. For some of us, the home was just a pit stop from the maximum security prison a mere mile down the road. Prison loomed as a constant reminder of what was in store for many of us. There are 400,000 children in foster care in the United States. Approximately 23,000 18-year-olds graduate from this system every year. And the data talks about what happens to these kids next is absolutely staggering. One in five will be homeless at the age of 18. 71% of girls in foster care will be pregnant at the age of 21. Less than 3% will earn a college degree. Worse, one in four has experienced post-traumatic stress disorder twice the level of a US war veteran. So when I arrived in this town, I was a home kid and everyone knew it. This these overwhelming statistics along with the home was a backdrop to my life. But I reminded myself of the promise I made. Never be alone. From that day forward I would make a difference. So I arrived at my elementary school across the street from this very building and I started my journey. I was going to make friends with everyone I could. Over the next couple years I would make friends from all over town. I would build a huge base of friends. I made friends with kids from the home, kids from my school, my church, the basketball courts, music and dance events. I did whatever I could to make friends, and frankly, I was getting pretty good at it. Um but I found something in this networking and connecting, something I wasn't anticipating. And that was a community. And a community is basically a group of people with a shared connections that binds them together. In fairness, I had no idea that that's what I was doing. I was just making friends with my friends. I was you know, meeting their families. I was breaking dinner or breaking bread with them at their dinner tables. In some cases I was fortunate enough to share in their family holidays. But I was just a boy. I had nothing. And yet these people revealed their charity and friendship to me. It is something I wanted all along. So by creating a community from my friends, by nurturing these relationships with talks, games, church events, sharing in hopes and fears along with laughters and tears, I began to bond with these people. And the more I bonded with them, the more connected I felt to them. It was a call from a friend from their home. It was a knock on the door at their home. Even a ride home from school. It was those thousands of touches of those seemingly simple interactions that created oneness. I found that my life was probably bad bad compared to most. But I also found out that some people had it harder than me. Because of my own vulnerability due to abandonment, people were open to share their own faults and failures. The people in this community told me of the struggles of their families and how they were raised. I had friends that were valedictorians and friends that dropped out of high I had friends that were star athletes and friends that were not. I had friends that due to their families' wealth were able to travel around the world and I had friends whose families were living paycheck to paycheck. But no matter where they were from, I cheered for them. I loved to see my friends do great. I go to their recitals or plays, their award ceremonies. I did whatever I could to support my friends. I learned that everyone wants someone to be cheering in their corner. So at the age of 15, I found what I was looking for. Not to be alone. That day I got my second request and it was finding my family. So September 1986, a widow, a Mexican mother and her family took a gamble on me. This mother of two had nothing to gain by adding one more hungry mouth to her table. But her family welcomed me to their home. They taught me how to love the arts, not to be a taking a risk, and of course, how to make tamales. I learned a lot of things in this community. One of the things I learned when I was 14 years old was the state of Nevada offered a class to kids like me. It was a class on interviewing. It was a week-long course and it would take over a hot it would take over series over hot week in uh during the summer. So I took the course and I absolutely loved it. So it's only fitting that 30 years later, I live in Silicon Valley where my career centers around finding and connecting people, a skill I learned right here in this community. Today I help find data scientists who help explore the world of data. These data scientists help to solve fraud for consumers and they even design software for drones and wireless or driverless cars. But what I learned so many years ago was if I connected to people, I would always be bound to them. in this community, I found myself. In this community, I found my mission. And in this community, I found my family. My community has no borders, whether here in Carson City or in Silicon Valley. My community doesn't care if you live on the east side or the west side of town. My community doesn't care if you attend a mass or a synagogue. My community is my connection. I'm living my dream job and life today and I owe it to the people and my family here in this town. So thank you. It's been said It's been said that if you don't graduate from high school, get a college degree, you'll fail in your career or have no career at all. I contend that if you don't have a strong vital network, you will have nothing. My life has been based on really personal connections. When I wanted to go to college, I applied to this university and I applied to it twice. And both times I was declined. The third time, I reached out to my valedictorian friend who was attending the same university and I asked him for a reference. You can imagine how he must have felt to write a reference for someone his own age. But he did and I was accepted. I've benefited from my personal connections early in life as well as today. When I graduated from college, I moved to Lake Tahoe and I met this young lady. Later, she would introduce me to a startup company in Silicon Valley. That company was Google and I had the opportunity to go there and work alongside and support a woman by the name of Sheryl Sandberg who's now the COO of Facebook. I've had over the last 20 years hundreds of examples of how my personal connections have benefited me. But I've never had over that whole period one connection or one thing I did just by myself. Never. I you know, sometimes I get a question and it the question kind of bothers me but I understand where folks are asking. They say, "Steve, how did you overcome the odds?" And I I don't know how to respond to that because I assumed I was just like every other kid in this community. I had friends and I hung out with my friends. If my friends went to try out for football team, I would've tried out for a football team. If they went and got a summer job, I would've got a summer job. If they went and studied, I would've studied. If they had challenges in their lives, I knew challenges. My success is a symptom of my community. In an era of non-personal digital interactions where we can text anyone from our phone or where we can Google any answer on our phone, like that 9-year-old in that jail cell, we're all alone struggling to connect. So, we must build strong, viable networks and those networks aren't going to build themselves, folks. You're going to have to reach out and have coffee with a stranger. Stop at the corner store and talk to the lady that has an accent and ask her where she's from originally. Go to your local high school football game and even though you don't know any of the players, cheer like your son was playing. Go home and cook a meal for your elderly neighbor and then just sit down and talk to her for a while. We must connect to people. We must engage with people. Go home and call a friend. Send a friend a note on Facebook and if they don't reply, try again. See if you can volunteer at your local elementary school. And read, excuse me. See if you can volunteer and read at your local You never know what 9-year-old will be there excited to see you and eager to be your friend. So, I ask you again today, what is your ideal community? like? My hope is that I shared what my community looks like to me. Thank you.

  Top Comments:
  1. @nationalskyline [17 likes]: One of the best TED Talks I've ever watched. So profound and inspiring. In our quest to become fiercely independent, we've lost our sense of community, and it's had some horrible implications for society.
  2. @PMLoveChannel [12 likes]: Finding a community is as simple as living anywhere and finding the people you relate to. Everybody is not going to relate to each other, but any inhabitable city can become your community.
  3. @PANDIRIWANG [3 likes]: Id do whatever i could to support my friends ❤
  4. @Jcimafranca01 [2 likes]: Whats your point
  5. @ademjefit [1 likes]: So inspiring!!! Big thank you for sharing your story. It means a lot & I will take it as a big example. XXXX Love from Belgium, Europe
  6. @Th1nk1ngbasketball [1 likes]: Anyone else in class right now 😂
  7. @catheynickell6009 [1 likes]: I just read your memoir, Hotel Goodbyes. Great job!
  8. @ivrie [1 likes]: This is beautiful ❤ 
Bravo Stephen 👏🏼 👏🏼👏🏼
  9. @Glickan [1 likes]: Without a loving community you are lost.
  10. @silrak5405: This is a big example of nature being more decisive than nurturer. He is very intelligent and an extrovert who was blessed to also be in the right place at the right time.
  11. @PANDIRIWANG: You become it
  12. @MYYTVI: Yeah, thanks for bragging about your community. But how would you actually go about creating it?
  13. @shortsforfun_89: Nice speech 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
  14. @MaxWang-d6v: good stuff
\


:D
  15. @rachaeltaylor4600: Inspiring
  16. @elsalindskog5013: If i ruled the world
  17. @garyhiles5564: What an amazing story!
  18. @rutadelsolec: Muchas gracias por compartir esta experiencia, cruda y muy necesaria. Soy un creyente que la mayoria de los desafíos de este mundo lo podemos superar trabajando como comunidad.
  19. @ARoseWithoutThorns: Basjcally take the initiative socially
  20. @MrWizeel: Very inspiring and INSPIRED

- This is what your Full Fibre Install will look like - Plusnet Help: Kind: captions Language: en Hi I'm Heather and welcome to Plusnet Help.&nbsp; If you've ordered one of our Full Fibre products then this will help you prep for your install&nbsp;&nbsp; and let you know exactly what&nbsp; work will be carried out. Let's do an internet. If you need an engineer your installation&nbsp;&nbsp; date is chosen when you first place the order.&nbsp; It's important to make sure a&nbsp; decision maker over the age of 18&nbsp; is there on the day, due to the work required.&nbsp; If it's not your property,&nbsp; you'll need permission from&nbsp; your landlord before the install can happen. The engineer will give you&nbsp;&nbsp; a bell on your install day to let you know when to expect them.&nbsp; While getting connected normally&nbsp; takes less than three hours,&nbsp; Sometimes work can take a bit longer. So plan accordingly.&nbsp; Now here's the prepping part; before the engineer arrives,&nbsp;&nbsp; think about where you want the fibre&nbsp; cable to come into your property. Bear in mind it needs to be both: near a double power socket,&nbsp; and ideally a good location for your hub so you can get the best Wi-Fi speeds.&nbsp; So hidden in a dark lead line&nbsp; cupboard is not suggested. The work will involve drilling&nbsp; a small hole for your wall,&nbsp; so keep that in mind when deciding. Once you've decided, make some space around&nbsp; the area for the engineer to do some work. We don't want them working near&nbsp; your prized egg collection.&nbsp; Also have your new hub on hand ready to go.&nbsp; This would have been posted out ahead of&nbsp; time. Ff you're unsure of a location the&nbsp; engineer can talk you through any options.&nbsp; That's all the prep done so what will actually happen? Well, they'll run a fibre cable to your property,&nbsp; either underground or from&nbsp; a nearby telegraph pole. A small hole might be drilled&nbsp; if an engineer needs to use their&nbsp; ladder on the side of your property. A junction box on the outside&nbsp; of your property will be fitted.&nbsp; A small hole will be drilled to run a cable from the junction box to a powered&nbsp;&nbsp; wall mounted unit inside your property.&nbsp; Then they'll connect your hub to the box.&nbsp; The wall mounted unit and the hub&nbsp; will need to be close, hence the need&nbsp; for two power sockets near the install location.&nbsp; Finally they'll test the connection on one of your devices to check everything is working. However TV boxes or power line&nbsp; adapters will not be set up. That in a nutshell is your Full Fibre install.&nbsp; Once complete you'll have more dependable speeds that are delightfully fast. Perfect for browsing cat videos in 4k. Look at this cutie. Thank you for choosing Plusnet&nbsp; as your broadband provider.&nbsp; Check out our other help videos or go to plus.net/help&nbsp; to see our troubleshooting guides.

- Financial Literacy for Kids | Learn the basics of finance and budgeting: Kind: captions Language: en foreign [Music] for kids have you ever seen something in a store you really wanted to buy maybe someone even told you save your money and you can buy it someday how do you earn money to buy things you want or need today we are going to define and explain certain words and phrases that will help you become more financially literate let's grab our friend Frankie Finance to help us along the way needs and wants a need is something you must have to survive like food water clothing and shelter a want on the other hand is something that would be fun to have but you can live without you know like a skateboard video game or favorite toy knowing the difference between needs and wants can help you be more responsible with your money making a budget a budget is a plan for managing your money it is based on your estimation of income the money you earn or receive as a gift plus your expenses meaning the money you spend one of the main reasons to create a budget is to help you live within your means in other words a budget can keep you from spending money you don't have and avoid going into debt a debt is a money you borrow from someone else that must be repaid saving versus borrowing as you can probably guess saving is when you set money aside for the future and do not spend it right away like if you are saving up for a special toy or activity you might have a piggy bank at home where you put money that you are saving or you might even have a savings account at a bank have you ever heard of a loan before a loan is a money you borrow from someone borrowing money means that you are expected to pay it back most often a loan is given for a specific reason like to help purchase something big like a house or a car quite often you will have to pay interest on the loan this means the bank expects you to pay the full amount back plus an extra charge for borrowing the money in the first place this extra is called interest and is a percent of the borrowed amount a savings account is a place where you put money that you intend on saving for a while and guess what you can actually earn a little extra money while your money is in the bank for real this is also called interest but instead of giving money back to the bank for a loan it is a little extra money that you earn while your money sits in the bank a checking account is another kind of bank account that you can use to pay bills either by check or buy a special card called a debit card checking accounts do not earn interest credit versus debit a credit card is a small hard plastic card that is issued by a credit card company or other financial institution they are basically a type of loan because using a credit card means you are borrowing money from the company who issued the card here's how it works the credit card company loans you money and you pay it back according to a schedule this is usually one payment per month with interest on the unpaid amount on the other hand debit cards are linked directly to your bank account which means you use your debit card to pay for things with money you already have in either your savings or checking account want to learn more we have more videos that go into more detail about each of these skills for now let's review what we learned today true or false checking and savings accounts are basically the same exact thing boss savings accounts are for money that you are planning to save for a while and earn you interest checking accounts are used to pay for bills and other immediate needs and wants that do not earn interest fill in the blank a blank is a plan for managing your money budget what is the difference between a need and a want survive a want is something that would be fun to have but you can live without fantastic job Financial friends learning financial literacy is important as you create good money habits for the future what is it one thing you can work on to become more financially literate hope you had fun learning with us visit us at learnbrite.org for thousands of free resources and TurnKey solutions for teachers and homeschoolers

- Economics for Kids: Saving and Spending: Kind: captions Language: en Saving and Spending &nbsp; Economics for Kids by Teaching Without Frills First, let's review. Many people earn money by working. Some people sell&nbsp;goods and others perform services to earn money. People use their money to&nbsp; buy the things that they need&nbsp;and want. But you can't have&nbsp; everything you want, right? Scarcity means that you&nbsp;want more than you can have.&nbsp;&nbsp; We all experience scarcity because we&nbsp; can want an unlimited number of things&nbsp;&nbsp; but we don't have unlimited money or&nbsp; resources, so we have to make choices. We usually buy things we need&nbsp; before we buy what we want.&nbsp; For example, I need to buy a healthy lunch, but&nbsp; I really want a cupcake. I should probably buy&nbsp;&nbsp; my lunch first and then see if i have&nbsp; enough money leftover for dessert. Sometimes we have to choose between spending&nbsp; our money now or saving it for later. All of the choices that we make about spending and&nbsp; saving have benefits and costs or pros and cons. When you spend your money you can buy something&nbsp; right away, but it might have to be something&nbsp;&nbsp; small that you can afford. And then you might&nbsp; not have much money left for other things. When you save your money, you may have&nbsp; to wait longer which is hard sometimes! But when you do, you can afford&nbsp; something more expensive. What would you do if you had five dollars? Would&nbsp; you spend it right away on an ice cream sundae?&nbsp;&nbsp; Or would you save it for a few weeks&nbsp; until you could afford a cool new toy? There's no right answer. We each just&nbsp; have to think about the benefits and&nbsp;&nbsp; costs of the choices that we make to spend or save. Check out the other videos in this series to learn&nbsp; more about economics! &nbsp;&nbsp; And if you're a teacher, you can find Teaching Without Frills on Instagram,&nbsp;Facebook, Pinterest, and TPT. Thanks for watching!

- I Turned This Cash-Only Savings Hack Into An $850K Business: Kind: captions Language: en I just remember, like, wondering how I was going to make it through the next month. Like had a degree, no job, student loan debt hanging over my head, credit card debt hanging over my head. And January 1st came and I was like, I will never be in this position again. And that's when I started researching ways to budget and I found cash budgeting. I started budgeting at the beginning of the year and started throwing it on social media to keep myself accountable. I started the business after my tiktoks went viral. I was like, okay, well, people are actually interested in this because finances come off really boring to me and for some reason people were engaging. Our internet will be receiving $20. My name is Jasmine Taylor. I'm 31 from Amarillo, Texas, and my business brought in over $800,000 last year. You implement cash stuffing with it by budgeting the money literally and physically with the cash. So that means you start to budget with whatever your paycheck number is and you give every dollar a place down to zero. The first product we sold was just a simple budget binder so you could buy a binder, pick your cover, add your name, and then choose six categories. And then we moved on to adding in different savings challenges. This one's pretty cute with the piggies and the wallets, and I also like fries before guys, we are out of stock a lot and out of stock on our website doesn't mean that we're out of stock in our warehouse. We stock enough items that we can pack and ship out that same week. People are literally waiting on the site at midnight on Saturday night like waiting for the restock. Last week, our $1,500 savings challenge sold out in like six minutes. I honestly didn't have any expectations. I just went into it hoping that I would make my money back. But I had no idea. Even to this day, sometimes I wake up and I'm like, What is happening? I believe that my mindset changed in December of 2020. I had just got through Christmas and my sister died probably four years previous, so I've been full time taking care of my niece that works with me now. I was working at the freestanding emergency room and then I lost that job actually over the holidays. When you finally get access to money, at least in my circumstance, everything I wanted, I wanted to buy it. I have bipolar disorder. So at the beginning of my journey, I understood that a lot of my impulse spending was tied to that. I started tracking my expenses and being really diligent about budgeting and cash stuffing. I was not only able to change my finances, but I was able to change my mindset and my relationship with money. I have a bill checking account. Right? So in that checking account, there's already next month's bills. So when you see me cash stuffing on camera, that's for the next month. So the first day of the month, I go and deposit everything I've cashed up into the bill account. And as the month goes on, everything is direct deposited. The first time I had been able to save $1,000, like I'd never been able to hold on to $1,000. It really empowered me more than anything else was. Okay, well, you did that. What else can we do? It went crazy viral. And I was like, well, I'll be back tomorrow with another one. I knew the stimulus check was coming and I literally just went for it. And so I went and bought me a cricut and I bought the supplies for the cricut, the mats and stuff like that. And I put the rest into inventory, into purchasing my Shopify plan for the next couple of months, some shipping supplies and that's it. It was pretty much gone. So in February of 2022, I realized we needed help. We were working like 18, 19 hour days trying to get custom orders out, and we were burnt out. And it got to the point where I couldn't hardly restock the site because we couldn't keep up with the orders. Right now I have three contracted employees and they do crafting, so they help me make envelopes. They help make savings challenges as well as one of the ladies comes here and she helps me pack orders because we're now packing 700 - 800 orders a week and it is pretty tedious. For example, our customers can pick the cover that they want and then they customize the envelopes inside to fit their needs. So different people choose different titles. You can pick the color, the font on the envelopes. Monday through Friday I pretty much come in admin, catch up on anything that's happening that's crazy that I need to fix. We go to the back pack orders, unbox inventory and we do that until 8 or 9 and then I come up here and if I'm going to do lives or whatever, I do those if I need to film YouTube content, I'll do that. Saturdays and Sundays we all come in and we heavily pack orders. A lot of the income that I was making. I was very diligent about throwing it towards debt. I invest some in my future and the form of a 401K, pay my bills with it, give myself spending money and put some towards savings challenges. So the same stuff that I teach my audience I still use in my daily life. We don't have an issue bringing in customers. Our issue is honestly that we can't fulfill more orders. We are shooting for $1 million at the end of 2023 and we are going to get it. I'm believing that we're going to get there. I've never had a problem betting on myself. You've got to be willing to bet on yourself. If you don't how can you expect anybody else to?

  Top Comments:
  1. @ItsTrulyRachel [2 likes]: Not only is she a great leader and business savvy- she adopted her nieces and does it all living with bi polar disorder. May her light continue to shine and her borders expand.❤
  2. @sarahpolerbeara: So inspiring!
  3. @MsAquarius79: Started watching her vids this year. Got inspired to start serious saving and listning to her story and how far jasmine has come im happy for her success and hardwork❤️ love from canada❤🇨🇦
  4. @MxEnigma: I love seeing big women of color be their baddest ceo life!
  5. @Unlike230: So happy for her
  6. @ak-loz: I’m love this for her!
I want her to be able to enjoy these funds for years to come.
I pray health becomes the next focus
  7. @collettegay1432: Wow. Congratulations!!  That’s awesome. I have been trying to start my own business for the past 20+ years and have tried just about everything with everything being a failure. I have just started the cash stuffing and love it. I have thought about trying to start this but have no idea where to start or if I should
  8. @jennifercannon3181: Where can I buy these?
  9. @daddygone6318: Dope
  10. @simonheywood1286: 🍷💪🏾
  11. @charmaineferguson1242: do you ship to the Caribbean?
  12. @nosegem-health: It seems like you put a lot of strain on your shoulders too…
  13. @Residence0fUtopia: She gorgeous and she looks out for the family
  14. @TinaCan5: Boss with a big heart❤
  15. @WeknowCoCo: They are sooooo very very cute. I'm surprised people didn't have an issue with having the physical cash in an envelope, with the way they want us to keep our savings in a savings account. I am soooo happy for her. Good for Her.
  16. @chichirenn2372: Great business idea. Congratulations🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  17. @virginiabotha3545: Stunning!❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  18. @shriyachouhan2657: So inspiring ❤🎉 Best wishes!
  19. @awckid3: Very motivating!
  20. @tictoc5443: KUDOS

- How Do I Make A Budget And Stick To It?: Kind: captions Language: en Sam starts off this hour in Indiana hi Sam how are you better than I deserve what's up so my wife and I we just had a baby here a few months ago our first one and after sitting down and looking at on moment and that those near so some I've gotten fairly nervous about you know where my financial standing is and I guess my question is how do I make a budget and then be able to make myself and my wife you know make ourself stick to it okay it's a good question the great news about having a baby in congratulations is it makes you get serious about stuff like that and starting to get you get your act together on some things that's very cool I'm glad I'm glad y'all are doing that okay so number one when you do a budget it is um it is not a straitjacket it is you telling you what to do okay okay so it's a guardrail it's don't run off the road and so you you the two of you sit down and say for groceries this month we want to spend X by the way as a side note whatever you think you're spending on groceries are spending more so the first month go ahead and beef that one up okay but okay we're gonna spend X on entertainment okay I'll just make up another 50 bucks okay we're just gonna put $50 in the entertainment category and then what you do you know the two of you are in agreement that the reason we're limiting our entertainment spending to $50 is so that and so that's a big deal we can get control of our money get out of debt create a great life for the new baby and so the great life for the new baby is and change your family tree is the goal not punishment for entertainment sure thing and so it makes it really easy it's like when you look at it and you know we're at $40 and to go this movie costs another the dollars and we don't have that we got $10 left in the budget we can't go the movie because we decided that it was more important to straighten our family out for the good of our child than it is for us to entertain our butts off mm-hmm and so you are limiting you and then so you and then of course you write it out and you keep up with it and you track it throughout the month and ever the every dollar budget will do that for you okay get to get that every dollar app it's free and you can build it in about 10 minutes it's all it takes okay and you'll be able to you know that both of you will have it on your phone and you can look at it and keep up with it and you know just go we don't have that so the answer is you know you have to everyone has a limit on everything a budget is just admitting it mmm because no one has infinite money right and so you know you just say okay at this point we're not gonna spend any more because we believe in a bigger goal a more noble goal than simply buying more crap at the grocery store all right or I need this shirt that's on sale or whatever it is right and so right but then the interesting thing is the things you do spend on you've given yourself permission to do that so you don't feel weird or guilty about it right so like my daughter Rachel Cruz who teaches Ramsey personality teaches on budgeting all the time says a budget is permission to spend okay because you said we're gonna spend this much on clothes and so as long as you don't go over that amount then you know you feel like you're a hero and you bought clothes instead of like okay what do you spend there to store men you know it's like ands but we're on the same page we're working together so you need a good why you got it good why it was born the other day you have a wonderful wife right and you need to be on the same page with your spouse and a game plan and then have your have your guard rails laid out and then stick to them so very good start very good start honor to have you in our audience

  Top Comments:
  1. @GregorMillan [72 likes]: We paid off our last credit card on New Year's Eve, so we're going into 2026 credit card free! This year we plan to pay off our truck, which is our last debt (other than our mortgage), and then we are never going back!!!
  2. @TheRamseyShow [51 likes]: Get life-changing financial advice anytime, anywhere. Subscribe today: https://www.youtube.com/c/TheDaveRamseyShow?sub_confirmation=1
  3. @bridgeportBoyKobe203 [1 likes]: I just got out of 14k credit card / car note debt it took me 1 year from Jan 2025 to feb 2026 only making 60k a year before taxes living alone & Single 🙏🏽💪🏽💪🏽💰
  4. @gabrielcomeau3518 [1 likes]: best things to do is Stop with the luxury's. You dont need subscription, netflix, youtube,  spotifys... 
You dont need a car. Live closer to work walk and deliver grocerys. You dont need fast food or restaurents make meal preps at home. Those are the biggest problems.  
My car is a old car i'm selling and will save 700$ a month only on that because i'm moving this weekend 1km from work. So i can walk in 15min.
  5. @Slim_Shady27 [1 likes]: Can’t believe I gotta watch videos like this so the internet Censorship monster doesn’t get me
  6. @myzaguirre8826 [1 likes]: Thank you Dave and Crew, I’m 70, and just Now sticking to a budget! I’ve went through FPU, Money Matters by Andy Stanley, but Jade’s book Moneys Not A Math Problem & Dr John Deloneys book Own Your Past Change Your Future Opened my eyes and brought so many childhood, young adult & adult crap choices to light! Thank you for Always  being TRANSPARENT & telling the truth in love!
I won’t die a millionaire, but I will die debt free, I have my NOK box, Living will taken care of!
  7. @xboxsolox: This channel helped me to get educated on things I never learned in school or in the hood. 
Thank you Dave Ramsey
  8. @ラスカルラスク: I’m genuinely thrilled I watched this!
  9. @jmonk2011: This question, and the answer, is perfectly applicable to my family's situation :D Thank you.
  10. @ايمنبالى-ه3م: I came in clueless and left feeling like a professor.
  11. @CaeyuFaryi: I’m stunned by how much sense this makes now!
  12. @EdwardChandler-w1y: Very clear explanation. Thanks for the video.
  13. @tafit___: Your app isn’t for free.
  14. @Kalani4255: Dave... Im 74 on a limited income of a pension and social security with debt of loans and credit cards also still paying a mortgage. What plan should I use to get rid of  my debt? Should I take out an equity loan and pay down the loans and cards? I need advice!!!
  15. @BssyHy: I’m completely energized to try this now!
  16. @XxxSTK_TeoxxX: Rly useful ⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️🖖🖖🖖🖖🖖🫴🫴🫴
I pooped myself🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉😆😆😆😘
  17. @MustafizurRahmanMannaMusta-z1m: I understood this so fast I need a moment to process my new identity.
  18. @lim-c5i: Really enjoyed your storytelling.
  19. @thao-o8j: Instant classic.
  20. @sibuelvis: $50 is equivalent to R900 in South Africa, I can't waste that on entertainment... That's a lot of money.

- Value Your Things - ChuChu TV Storytime Good Habits Bedtime Stories for Kids: Kind: captions Language: en Chika was a sweet boy. But he always wanted to throw his things away whenever they got a little old or damaged. And he would ask his mother to buy him new ones instead. Mom, I don’t want this jacket. The button came off. Please buy me a new one. I also want a new toy car. This one has a scratch. Chika’s mother felt worried when Chika behaved this way. Chika, you can’t throw away your things just because they are slightly damaged. You must learn to love them and care for them. After all, they’ve been yours for so long and have given you a lot of joy. We can always sew another button on the jacket. And paint the car. But Chika didn’t listen. No! I don't want them. I want new ones. He put his old things aside and didn’t care for them anymore. One day, Chika saw his mother wearing a red dress. It looked very old. Chika saw that the dress even had a patch on it. Why is mom wearing that dress? It looks so old. Chika decided to ask his mother about the dress. Mom, why are you wearing that dress? You should throw it away and get a new one. Chika’s mother smiled. No, Chika. I love this dress. It’s my favorite one. It’s very special to me. Your daddy bought it for me soon after you were born. Really? Yes, Chika. And do you know when I wore it for the first time? When Mom? It was on your first birthday! Red was your favorite color when you were a baby. And you felt very happy whenever you saw me in this dress. And you would ask me to carry you each time I wore this dress. Chika’s mother told him more about the dress. Chika, do you know that when you first learned to speak, you would point out to this dress and say ‘red’. Red! I remember that now! Chika’s mother showed him pictures of his first birthday party. And he saw how pretty she looked in the red dress. Look at you, mom! You looked so pretty in the dress. And look at you, Chika. You were so chubby and cute. Just like a teddy bear. And look at how you’re holding my red dress here. Yes! Chika began to understand why his mother had kept the dress for so long. Every time I wear this dress, Chika, I remember all the good times we’ve had together. And it makes me love the dress all the more. I love you, mom! And I love this dress too! Please wear it again. Don’t ever throw it away. I won’t, Chika! That day, Chika learned to love all his clothes and toys no matter how old they were. And if they got a little damaged, Chika mended them and used them again. My car is as good as new! And I love this jacket. It has always kept me so warm.

- Richard Harry: Overcoming Adversity And Trusting Your Vision: Kind: captions Language: en actually okay recording in progress mr harry very very big welcome to the show i'm very excited that you're on um to be honest with you mate it when when the opportunity to speak to you came up i immediately went back to the 12 year old boy who was learning to play loose head prop years ago and you know when you know when you're at that age and you start to look to people to emulate and people that you want to follow and characteristics that you like in people there at the risk of blowing smoke up your ass straight away you were that guy for me and um so mate firstly welcome thank you very much for doing this you know it's an honor to have you on me yeah what a way to start man i've just you've validated me for the year so much uh absolute pleasure to be here mate thank you for having me everybody it's my pleasure and it's it's funny i i generally don't do a lot of research for these conversations because i really like to have i like to i like normal conversations so i don't like a question and answer style thing but i did do some reading i did a quick google it and it's funny all the stuff came up like oh yeah he played half back and then he played flanker then went to fifth grade so i reckon that would be a really good place to start how did you actually go from being a half back correct me if i'm wrong but you started as a half back and ended up playing loose head props in the world cup winning wallaby's uh my interesting just eating too much now i was sort of i think as i always say i was half back in the 15 the under 15 seas at my school and if someone had us said you're going to be running around as a world cup loose head at 124 kilos but i would have said get back on report you to the cops i get out but it was an interesting journey i think just where i went sort of just playing the back row and up through my footy once um puberty hit and just did all that i got to a point actually finally i had my wedding uh we went across the bar he obviously ate too much came back i was playing sevens down in kyama and um bob dwyer was sitting next to my dad we were just watching all the games i don't know if you know caiman there's that the hotel side and um he just said to dad you know he's a big fella down there i think it's running around about 112 kilos playing number seven which is probably a bit too big and he said uh that's my son he said well mate has he ever thought of playing front row and this was in 1992 i think they just got back from that win against south africa after winning in 91 in england the world cup and he was obviously looking for stocks you know he'd love to have 100 props and dad said no he never thought of it because dad used to play lucid and uh well i wouldn't worry but i'll ask him on the car in the car on the way home so we had that yarn on the way home and i thought who goes to front row you crazy bastard no way anyway six months later i thought well i've got a zero percent chance of playing in australia for the back row oh man i'll give it a crack and i rang him and said oh it's richard harry speaking and oh yeah i can't remember and mate he just said look go and see jake howard um if he thinks you can do it physically um mate you're away and we'll support you however we can so obviously back in amateur day so i went and found jake howard he was at st joseph's college running a scrummaging clinic of course i might i'll never forget i turned up when the uh boarding room was something out of like harry potter in the in the boarding dining room it was just about a thousand kids in this huge building just walking down all the time saw jake howard introduced himself and he a bit like a slave auction he's sort of you know feeling the carbs and look at my teeth and all that sort of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and he said no no you've got the you've got the ability to do it mate big enough undercarriage off you go and mate i think was about a week later i swapped i went back to eastwood and i played three years in first grade in the back row and announced to them completely not unexpectedly that i guess what i'm going to play in the front row and they stayed my took them absolutely by surprise and i had 99 of the club think it was the dumbest idea ever it was probably 100 actually um and went back to as you said went back to fifth grade um went fifth fourth thirds and in consecutive weeks at tight head and then someone said loose ed's easier for whatever reason he only got half your body in the scrum so jumped across the loose head back down to um fourth grade and had a couple of games at that then the season finished and then in the off season eastwood were talking about putting me in third grade that this is the 94 season actually now i'm jumping around a bit um and that year the emerging wallabies were going away and i thought so you can't i need to be on the stage mate you've got to be playing first grade whether you picked or not not the issue but you're not going from third grade and they said no no you just stay in third grade and we'll see how it goes and uni because my dad had played there had always said to me jokingly over the years because no one ever changed clubs you're an amateur just don't do it but if i ever did want to change clubs to let them know so i rang them and uh brian burnett the first grade coach there i said mate can i have a coffee with you and uh when said can i come play with you this is what i'm trying to do by the end of the year i'd like to go away to south africa with your mood with the australian emerging wallabies and i want to crack it playing first grade he said i can't promise you anything i said that's fine no problem can you try me in first grade if i get my head shoved royal royally up my bum i have no problem with that but i need to have a crack and he said no worries and then the next night i was at training now just blows and john's over and making the rest is history it's so many questions there so as a as so i'm catching a uh southern district's ford pack in the shoot shield and i would argue that every single ford's coach in the competition is is trying to squeeze every single thing they can out of any front rower trying to turn anyone they can into a front row at the moment i just if anyone's listening i would want to be a front rower in this country at the moment how old were you when you decided that because to me i'm i'm guessing early 20s so quite late on to so i to my debut for australia 28. so so at that age there's you know we're all almost in your prime there's a fair bit of ego involved in all 26 year old men i wasn't any different i can't imagine you're any different how was that transition because playing prop is [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard and and tight ed's even harder than loose head and anyone that goes from the back right or tight head has my uh most respect but but loose head as well how did you manage that in your head and how did you go about learning how to play prop because going from being a regular first grader and having the foresight to go you know what i need to play prop and then dropping down to fifth grade that that's quite remarkable for a 26 year old man to to see and believe and think mate it was um as challenging really but but i think the first thing i did once once they gave me the when jake said you know go for it what what opened up was quite incredible actually was this whole um catalogue of wallaby representatives old and new the first one was you know topper rodriguez so i bought a notebook and i went and saw these guys they just started talking and i just write notes i was up in queensland i went and saw tommy lawton and andy mcintyre guys i've never met i got their phone numbers back in the old day with a dial phone ring so hi my name is richard harry i'm coming from eastwood just told him five minutes on my journey no worries mate yeah let's catch up never met him from borrow soap but this beautiful network and man you're a prop you get it right now it is mate you just have a mutual massive mutual respect because you're putting your head in shitty places so but there was stuff there's only so much you can write down and then i think the best analogy is golf mate it it's there's no other way around it than just hitting golf balls you cannot become a good golfer by going to the gym and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that you've just got to do it and then it was just scrummaging and i did have actually it was interesting day actually for uni my third game for university i got absolutely tailed up by a guy called huey gordon who played and absolutely unbelievable and just hard and graft and mate i just made literally i wouldn't have to be with him after the game and i was going to give up he just turned me into pretzel and he said it was a pivotal moment because he said up there man how you going had a beer and he said mate a couple of times you nearly had me today i'm talking to a guy who was a all black trialist right i know a lot of them were but legitimately um and i said what and he said mate a couple of times he said you're about half an inch away i didn't know what i was doing there if you had to just put a little bit more pressure that way and maybe drop that or roll that mate oh you had me on toast you were just you know there was enough pressure coming through strength coming that for me was pivotal and then then i said okay this i'll have a go at this and mate it was just the appetite to learn and i think one of the other really big learning curve was being picked on the emerging wallabies which was pretty um controversial you know particularly having your dad as president strain rugby you never just thought he just said pick him i remember got asked that question you know someone have you found that difficult having your dad involved i said what do you think bob dwyer is going to pick me because phil harry says pick my son and he's a you know 12 stone lightweight no so i will ultimately have the the right reply on the field but that um south african tour for me was pivotal i mean we had our first training session chris carberry who's this amazing scrum guru technician from queensland was our forwards coach scrum coach and um knuckles colony connolly was the head she was a really interesting too and got joe roth was on that tour yeah there's about three or four blokes who went on to win a world cup but our first scrummaging session was in socks that could you over one on one two on one just wearing stray on two socks so what you had to do think about it there's no leverage you can't just push someone if you're a tractor you've got to use all upper body it's all judo it's all twisting people and abs and back and shoulders so that's the level of minutia we went down to and then that was the bedrock and then as i said was no better ended up playing in the last game against south africa a um which we weren't really well kind of if we want to lost actually but i think we lost but just but really accredited ourselves really well but these guys who you know big old hairy south africans at ellis park in the game before they played the um and it was from there and again i just i think the other pivotal moment i will say is like alec evans who is just about to get inducted australian hall of fame he was the other one just made you get a massive pearl and i come it was about 98 and again early on i was without getting too tech you know it's like you know you're trying to muscle guys are you trying to lift them and you try and bench press them out of the way it just doesn't work right he just gave us this couple of tiny little pearls of wisdom basically where you're engaged where you're aiming for it's always come straight down the face and try and get in here and then you grip some and basically how you're rolling shoulder how you engage shorter binds you know smaller levers all these little things but that took my scrummaging from that to that when i felt comfortable uh running around international jerseys the worst day i ever had um was versus the all blacks in 97 where we were we were playing that you know endowed hollow brown fitzpatrick front rail right that was decent yeah oh my god and olive brown is not a big dude right he's not like a marius hurter from south africa who's just a massive ferguson hollow brown is like a reasonably slightly shoulder slope but mate unbelievably technical i remember one i was just trying again brute strength in that which was just useless particularly lucid as you know you've only got half your body in the bloody scrum and we were defending five yards out from our own line our feet they get a tight head push over tight edge scrum in a test match and it was just like and oh my it was her and then got dropped on the plane on the way home by greg smith so everyone else went to the carousel got their bag because we were playing south africa the following week dicarry gets picked up by his kids and misses and goes home so there's been a couple of really [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] times actually but i think so it all worked out okay i was just getting it i was just going to say like i i give this advice to young props all the time i have parents ask me what would you give advice to young props i'm going one get a nutritionist get a speed coach this is a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] hard life if you're not if you're not into it but the other thing is is overcoming adversity and then learning and then just gradually getting better because getting your head shoved up your ass so having a tight head push over try is bad enough playing third grade or fourth grade let alone playing for the wallabies and to be able to to learn from that and then overcome it to eventually get to where you got um i can only imagine that there's a lot of people that that you know you would have to thank for that but a lot of that's got to come down to you as well really yeah the amount of people i've seen like i know super rugby guys who are built to play tight ed prop but they're loose ed and they're good at loose head so they don't want to play tight head because they don't like having their head shaft up their arse and learning that new thing i don't really have a question there but i'm trying to sort of no i might like concur on the last point mate tight head it's a tough role mate you i mean you know you're the strainer post to the scrum uh you've got two dudes either sorry you're lucky and good in some ways because you've got more purchase but as you said it's double the trouble loose head's challenging i think because you've only got half your body and as soon as and i said that day against olive brown what i did again without getting two i tried to get more purchase across my shoulders turn guess what my bum comes out i'm driving him on to our hooker dumb as dog [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so mate but again you learn so maybe there was a lot of resilience but for me i was just a bright eyed you know 26 27 28 year old and was loving what i was doing i did i mean the interesting year without going crapping on too much about the negative side in 99 um we were playing for new south wales we played and i did my i was playing for ireland i didn't get picked the beginning 99 i was not in the wallaby 30 man squad the beginning of 99 so i thought that's pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] what's gonna happen now or let us swear aren't we yeah [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that's an affirmative double thumbs up um so i'm thinking oh that's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] okay because i think you know that coach at the time had his certain favorite front row and kernsie wasn't in that in nor's blazey they were on the bench and i wasn't even the squad yeah so and i was playing against ireland in a they were in warmer games so new south wales you know they came out that year before they played the wallabies and i ended up you know doing mercendes moses and just completely screwed the lower bottom of the legs i was on crutches for six weeks rehabbed it back up ended up coming back up through the australian barbarians and ended up and then we were over in new zealand when um australia are over there and they did that blackout testimony but the very first time they said everyone we're black and then i think we've dusted about you know 25 points or something like that um but off the back of that too i certainly think okay [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you better make some changes so a bunch of us on that that emerging wallabies so it was australia i actually had guys like cook harrison you know michael foley was on it who went on to pack down the in the world cup final there was a bunch of us on that just running around the new zealand back blocks in you know bumper idaho in the south island but it was awesome and came back from that didn't get the phone call mate you're back and back in the side the next game was over in uh newlands and i don't know if you no one remembers that game but we because we lost and it was the most like the benny hill music should have been playing it was just it was horrendous i remember the epitome of how bad it was matt burke went to do a kick out so basically uh maul gone back to berkey berkey's taking a couple steps to kick at the buggery and it's gone straight up straight up matt no matt cobain's ass he kicked us which is i don't know is that worse than falling out but then we came back and the game after that was the very first rugby game at stadium australia at 110 000 people we're playing oh mate well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] everyone had written us off right yeah i'll never forget running out on that oval it's the most incredible chills i've had in my body ever it's just the sound of 110 000 people and mate we just went out there we were bloody back to the wall and just belted the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of the all blacks and i think then that was the game runnings into the world cup and mate as i said that before the rest this issue from there but that as a team coming back from adversity actually interestingly that was in the old days of faxes and we had a base up in caloundra and all these people sending factors including peter thompson's i was just you guys are [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] rubbish what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you doing it's embarrassment to the jersey and some bloke wrote in from barry's tile shop up in brookvale dummy wrote his own [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] letterhead right i'm handing my tickets back you [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] new blokes your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you're degrading the jersey seasons kernsie just quietly took that facts and put it in his pocket and mate after we won the world cup we were doing our rounds around the various capital cities kenzie rang him and we're all listening on speaker g'day barry yeah who's that who's that that's phil kernston the wallabies dead silence who it's phil curtis here mate we just would ring and say g'day i'm just running how are you going with those season two and the guy was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] oh well i'm sorry bit made it was beautiful it was nice actually little you know exclamation mark to uh fast forward from those guys hey that's that's a that's a fantastic story by the way but sorry it's like convoluted no no that's right that's this whole podcast series has been very convoluted um but what i'm where i want to go firstly um no success happens without failure so it's good to it's good to give young players because i've got a lot of young players and young coaches that listen to this who only you only see a certain side of people and it's usually the success and the world cup finals and all that sort of stuff but hearing the adversity that that the team and yourself had to come to is a really good thing for all for everyone to list to everyone to learn from what i wanted to get into you you're really on the bridge between the amateur and the professional era yeah and and the team that you're a part of i don't think it's an enormous stretch to say really sort of set the standard for the professional game that you see today in terms of how things are run a full-time setup you know specialist coaches stuff like that what was it like for you like what are your memories from that time going from amateur to all of a sudden geez this is my job and and i've got to take this seriously and i imagine there was a heap of learning involved for everyone and you're there right at that time can you remember what it was like absolutely and i did i you know i was trying to make the wallabies when they're 100 amateur right 100 and i sat on the bench uh because dan crowley wrote josh cronfield's head the week before so he got punted by the uh mark hartel went up and i got put on the bench after about four games for new south wales and i'm like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i don't lord knows how i would have gone if i got him i didn't get on but it was a hundredth test versus new zealand it's a really big day the next day we were staying at park royal here at darling harbour the next morning the whole squad gets straight and that was when all the um rugby world cup although the world rugby corporation stuff was going on so like the pajama cricket type alternative yeah there's all this stuff milling around for weeks and weeks and weeks so finally rugby street got their act together so the day after that test match they invited us all into the room the squad and said right you're all paid here's your contracts what you've got so it's like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] it was about five times what i was earning in my job as a two e's sales rep i'm like oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] so and you have to blink twice so you're i can play rugby full-time and i'm getting paid this right where's the camera it was it was very surreal because it went from as i said it was it was a complete revolution not an evolution so it was amazing anyway that all went down um but so funny i still wasn't sure it was real i said to my boss um can i just stay here we're for free but i'm just not sure where it's going to go in a year's time he basically said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off maybe the full time or no time so okay that's a millisecond go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself um so went to professional rugby and greg smith was our first coach god bless him and he just was always used to tuesday thursday night trainings and you play on saturday so to be professional he was just going what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we do i remember one time it was a week of a test match and we just went down to king queen's park and we got out we trained and we all get strapped up you know the rigmarole yeah warm up ran some line outs just ginned around played some touch footies somehow they got back in the bus and said what was that all about because i didn't know what else to do so i just thought i'd get you out and try it like said that to you yeah it was a bit so he was cottagy right so first one but mate he ended up [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] bloody brilliant was a good man r.i.p then rod took over and rod just went turbo charged and what rod did mate brought all the ceo now into exactly and built that setup that you're talking about he had a very rough run his first introduction the wallabies was our tourists uh south america argentina and then scotland england and scotland and mate i think we won one and lost one against the argys which was unheard of but it was that was a really tough tough introduction and that's when he said right no way and he to his credit and he just said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you guys you might you're still half professional half not you know and he said no we got a full professional so that's when he came up with the caloundra base camp this and that he'd get specialists and rod would get he got aussie rules guys in to be specialists on on kickoffs um he had this theory that if you're doing a 22 how do you do a 22 what's the opposite of how you do at 22. so we'd break it down do the stupidest things and get somewhere in between so that's how we analyze and i think the biggest thing i take away which i use in work now is if you're the boss and you're the ceo your job is to create an environment and rod did that he had so much talent in there that he wasn't worried about he wasn't telling me where to put my arm or you know griggs how to [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] do a spin pass he created environment for everyone to be successful in and that's um critical because you need it's like a cake mix you to win a world cup a lot of things have to happen it's not a one-off game it's a 10-week tournament so everything's got to be firing no major injuries everyone's got to be on song you've got to understand that so and he took that team can i go back to about adversity so the team not so much the coach in 96 97 we got flogged actually 97 we had a record score against new zealand and we had a record score against south africa and that's actually was the last game um the wig coaches greg smith coasters was a no it was a 57 point loss in pretoria and we got greg got you know punted the following week and that's when rod came in at the end of 97. that team seventy percent of that team got flogged by record scores for for those two tests went on to win a world cup i made this point guitars the other way because like keep your heads up boys like you're you don't know it but you're a millimeter away like change a couple of things and then suddenly you're there so to think what and that was only in the space of what sort of two years so from a record loss against africa to champions of the world and 70 of the same group of people do you remember any so generally speaking people don't like chat just generally speaking but when rod started global i'm trying to say i'll try to say it nicely but when rod started to implement the calendar camp full time and i think you had steve nance come in and was your full-time trainer how did the players handle it was it universal buy-in or was it not initially no way to make it to your point 100 percent what the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we're going to live it you know bloody the clown or pink motor in and and nancy just came and said you're all fat and soft and flogged the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of us right flogged us but again that's the proofs in the pudding and he was right so i might when you're getting flogged and you're talking eight four hundreds and it was just oh my god it was horrendous it was purgatory and we're riding our bikes to training we're training at the uh caloundra lighthouse is oval and every now and again a bloke could be walking his dog you're in the middle [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] nowhere like but that's what the team needed and again for 99 we had to qualify for that world cup does anyone remember that if we played a qualify exactly like like we if we hadn't had that and we hadn't had nancy who nancy wasn't there to make friends he ended up mate being unbelievably loved but he flogged the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of us and then flogged us a little bit more probably for good nature just for a bit of fun and mate it was that's exactly what the side needed um so i was just going to say at what point did the boys go hey this is actually worth i think in uh 98 i think without putting a date on actually i've never been asked that question actually it's one of those things that happened glacially so you look up and where we got to in in 99 and a really good example of that actually i'll give you the best example of where we got to so um in that test match no it was 2000 and we'd already want to look up so but that's for me actually and it's right at the end of my last year why i think that's the best time that really sort of is the best example of what you're talking about i think i've never even thought about that so somewhere between sort of 98 particularly 99 when we like we're good like we understand what we're doing we know what we're doing but i think where it was most exhibited was in that um the one point lost to new zealand at stadium australia when jonah scored on the bill and they were up 20 minutes or 16 minutes into the game they're up 20 nil and the calmness in that side was beggar's belief like you're 20 points down against your back it's going to be 60 nil you know what i mean but it was like we knew that you know just we haven't had any ball it was very very relaxed like and when i say relaxed everyone knew and there was minimal torque um that was the key thing for me that exhibited actually just going backwards a bit too i'll tell you the other game too when we had that semi-final uh best of south africa and bernie kicked that goal and yada yada ilse as soon as that final whistle after full time's getting darker twickenham he brought everyone in and mate everyone you could just see in that team everyone knew that they were one step away um that was the most important thing it was interesting to see the next day when we were watching in france beat new zealand it was like holy [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but there was a really quiet confidence not so much that we'd win it more that um just do what you need to do the rest of look after me if france come out and play an amazing game they play an amazing game but where the team took it just control what you can control and i think i had an enormous amount of confidence in the guys around me it's a really roundabout way of answering a question whereas i just said the only onus was to do my job i'm not worried about oh can i wing a catch or tackle a bit of a lightweight loves the disco or is our second rose got you know dishy hands mate richard do your [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] job mate to the best and don't let it around because i had i had confidence in my 21 22 players mate and that's where we got to that next level i guess going back to the first example like everyone just knew that right there were high quality people around you could do the job and then that takes you to that plus one that synergistic type stuff did you guys really get on the pierce the first day you got to ireland for the world cup 100 percent that's funny it's good but that's again do you know the story so it just came to me then i remember reading the book where he got i think it was rod mcqueen's book you guys got a couple of kegs of guinness and he said we're not leaving he didn't say it no way he was wasn't him no he was in his room going what have i created because what happened so we had 36 and again the team knew when to turn off and knew when to turn on that's the quality of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] profession and we're still sort of good amateur we'd all plan the amateur days so we still had that gene in us it hadn't been belted out of us you know like breathalyzers and no alcohol after game so you'd have a big mac at three o'clock on a sunday morning but we had like a 36 hour travel league so we packed our bags at caloundra and we unpacked them at the port manic uh golf resort just north of um dublin right 36 hours later so it was horrendous traveled and we got there about i want to say about lunchtime you should somehow late morning and everyone's saying everyone's just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and they said right all right everyone downstairs we're going to pledge nine holes of golf keep you out of bed bro we can't go to bed and go to bed later on time we know and jet lag yet when we had the next day off training we're training like 48 hours later so everyone's oh okay i came down there we played our nine holes it's all pretty [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] but anyway as you walk back into the golf court um club my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] big pint of guinness was okay all right fair enough then you fast forward to joe roth running up and down the hallway in the nude because he'd been dropped for jason a little so he was showing his form to roddy naked rod's locked up in his room this guy's bashing on his door man you should have had my [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yelling and screaming everyone else has just made gone it was like [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know escape from new york but what it was it was this massive jettison of just drama and and uh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that you had a big travel day and a little bit just getting you know letting off a bit of steam everyone sort of might behave the next day off and then training bang and then they were away but and again that's what i loved about that team we we just knew when to turn on you when it turned out we're still a very human group of people very human i i've got a theory that there's the beers and the broncos balance and you've got to have a good balance to make a good team and i think at the moment with professional sport and social media the way it is it's probably more the broncos than the beers but i think if you can get that balance perfectly that's when you you tend to get that kind of success that you guys got was there any i mean obviously 99 i'm sure you've talked about it to death i saw this great photo of you online kissing the world cup and i could only imagine what that felt like but are there any significant memories from that trip maybe away from the game that stand out to you to support definitely to me because at that time i remember exactly where i was and exactly how i felt the moment you guys won the world cup and you know i was a young man then but you know what was it like for you is there anything that stands out i've got two parts of that so over initially it was surreal it was surreal for about eight weeks like it was just bizarre so when we won um you know and i'll come back to sega you get it then you go in the dressing room and mate you're filling the world cup you know daniel herbert world champion so herbie's boom is going you know jason had a world champion it was just right they're the most beautiful moments and then obviously back to we had a big dinner at night they went back to the hotel i mean it was just going off you know because most the team were going home there was a bunch of us probably 10 or 12 who were staying on europe about two weeks because then we had to get back to like parliament house something was our first gig then it was about four or five weeks of you know cavalcades and that stuff 24 hours later almost to the moment jason little and i and our wives um were sitting in a tiny little cafe in paris and i'll never forget i looked at him and i said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] me mate we just won the world cup it was just starting to sink in just then and he said oh mata buddy one one plane three once go [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] yourself but best best best best moment for me um as i said my dad was still the president of uh australia so picture this you've just won a world cup after that and i was only given a plane one so for me it was like i'm never going to be a jason little or like the boys now playing two or three for adam ashley cooper that was it and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] i knew that so mate it was just unbelievably euphoric um incredible and so we all lined up you know you get on the stage and you get your medal so first person's hand you shake queen second was whoever the president of world rugby was at point time third person my dad i'm sorry that's pretty cool that's pretty cool right then i've got a great photo where just holding each other's heads my unbelievable i could make so lucky man i'm tearing up thinking about it i cried but just so lucky to have that you know and people might think it's a wank but to be able to go and see my dad and mum before a test match then jump on the bus and see them after so as a dad now with you know four kids and three boys christ i mean that was my absolute standout moment in my entire rugby career moment in life too probably you know very very lucky i could only imagine having you having your loved ones there the the best possible moment and they're on the field with you third person it was wild it was so well and then walking around that slow walk and my brother-in-law's sisters and friends they all rushed down it that's why it was surreal and it's the only way i could describe it for quite a few weeks and then beautiful thing about it's in your kit bag no one else can ever take it out no matter what happens just very lucky mate just very lucky because i said a lot of things had to go right for that to happen a lot and it's a cake mix and the tiniest bit too much salt or too much sugar it's [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] and it was just it's a big chunk of it is lucky controller controls and made the rest to look after itself whichever way was it like coming down from that because i couldn't imagine you know in any moment of anyone's life but particularly an athlete you win an olympic gold medal you win a world cup final you know you've had the highest of highs and then you've got to go back to your day job what was what was can you remember what that was like going back to training and going because i imagine it would have been the waratah pre-season was yeah and you're like bloody hell i've just achieved everything well you know what am i what do i do now like what was your feelings like there was definitely no downer it wasn't like the you know morning after a big night out um and because we had that that uh wave that we rode for quite a while and he was constantly getting returning remember lunches and dinners and you know town keys and [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like that i think by the time we got back and i was very a bunch of boys did um retire after that so kern's in blades particularly but i just want to have one year and i was getting towards the end of my career i knew that i only had one years playing as a world champion yeah and um that was really special that year was amazing when we we were world champions and playing in this environment where we ended up having every piece of silverware we'd played for in two years we had in the cupboard at mound street right and it was just such a pleasure to be and it is to this day man we get together now and we're just old hacks but the group of people were so special and the environment association what we achieved was so so special and as i said still and you know just talking about um i'm very lucky so um for me there's never been a down day in all regards to like a thinking about it too deeply other than just know how lucky and joyful it is mate that's got to be um you know in the days of social media and instagrams and facebook and youtube and all that kind of you know let's let's just be honest crap to have that in your memory that that's got to be you know if you've had that experience that's got to be an amazing thing to look back on in your life why did you decide to retire were you just done did you have injuries uh tell me about that i think i was just done i've got really short attention span so i'm to maze i've been talking for this long but i just think i knew i just felt like i wanted to move on i mean it was part of me moment why don't you stay around for lions but i was a i was and still am a big believer not doing in retirement or doing something for the right reasons and to stay just back to the lines i was like man nothing's guaranteed um and i just felt i wanted to go on the next chapter and i'd been doing some work experience and those sort of things away from rugby um which i was really really stimulated with and i had my fourth actually had three kids when we went away for that last game um or the the second game against the all blacks which we won with his kick right what a series that was jesus talk about kicking yourself [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] that was unbelievable actually i'll tell you about that game just mate that was so that was my last game versus the all blacks ever so we're and we've lost the first game so if we and back in those days when there was only two letters lows if you got one-on-one you whoever had their letters they retained it and it was about three minutes to go their feet are scrolling oh now our feet are scrum uh on our line so fast forward to the career in my first game we would have got a tighter push-over but we retained i remember saying the ref jonathan kaplan and i said how long ago he said oh two minutes or something like that not that i'll [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you up how are we going to dig our way out of this and i remember stopping and looking just before we pet the scrum i looked around wellington stadium just to let that yeah okay fair enough we've lost the all blacks i lost the letters on the last test that sucks anyway bing bang bong boom boom we're down the other end then we get penalty and yoshi kicks the goal after full time right the biggest example of what that meant you look at the photos mate we'd all [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] you know one lotto like it was because for me i would make we'd snatch the you know elusive victory out of the jaws of defeat but that was one of the most pleasurable wins and i think it coined that that started the joke of how do you get a champagne cork back into a champagne bottle ask any kiwi that was the day because they might they thought they were in it we were talking guys at the airport the next morning and someone said there was this like 70 year old granny came and grabbed his aussie scarf on the street as they're all exiting out stamped on it like a cigarette but they were not happy that was a beautiful thing and then we went to south africa the following week and won the try nations for the first time so though two weeks were phenomenal and then i came home flew home on a on the sunday fourth child born on the monday night thank god my wife held him in and then like the following monday i was in a suit sitting at a desk behind a computer which i couldn't really work at a full-time job what was that like that was weird that was strange thank god i was working with guys who [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] loved footy so i was reasonably relaxed to start off and it was a new industry for me i'd never done it before in real estate but it was good but that's what i wanted to do as i said before matt i wasn't half lying i got a short since then i was really keen on getting into that chapter of my life and it happened very quick and i played a bit of footy then i got a really nice um call from bob dwyer um about a month after a time he said mate um so i'm coaching uh the uh british barbarians versus south africa at stadium in cardiff millennium sodium would you be interested in playing actually when he first says bob dwyer i thought i got a mate he used to ring up put stupid voices on i said his name is balzo and i said [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] off balls it's bob dwyer i went jesus christ i'm hiding that was one of the coolest tours ever like the black and white side okay that was one of the greatest rugby weeks of my life right training was just basically running moves and mucking around so and you'd laurence delegate this and that mate there was five kiwis five all blacks you know three englishmen a couple of welshman some pumas mate these blokes you've just [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] south africans but it was unreal and so relaxed and like to play in that jersey that was so cool i loved that week actually you talk about the beers broncos balance the bar bars the beers is up here and the broncos but we still acquitted ourselves whilst we didn't beat a fully blown test site from there we still acquitted ourselves well man and i had it the whole lot of my you know playing career was aussie barber's tour to palmerston north in new zealand i don't know if you've ever been to palmerston north but when people when i tell people that it was one of the best weeks of my life they laughed at me but it was it was like that for christ's sake oh but i was i was injured in the second game and the the coach from the sideline who's now one of the assistant coaches for the drawer goes tell chubby he can either play 10 or wing it's his decision so i played on the wing for an australian rep team versus stop it oh it was one of the one of the funniest but i guess one of the other things i wanted to ask you mate is is you're on the board for new south wales rugby yeah yeah and uh that's very interesting to me because i've never actually spoken to a board member and just to see what what what do you guys actually do like what's the job and and i can imagine that this year has been far more enjoyable than last couple of years yeah interesting and i sort of just to give you a segue into how i got it so i sort of got on the high performance committee i actually went for the job at um queensland on the board there and after that unsuccessful to replace brett robinson but anyway i saw the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] this gave me all my kids are old they've left home with uni and blah blah blah so i've been spare time i might love rugby um what i'm say just approach new south wales i remember taught him to say there's anything i can help you let me know and the hyper performance they needed a next player on that so i got on that so i was actually whilst i wasn't on the board the period of time so the whole drama through last year and stuff so involved with that which was difficult for everyone yeah and then a spot came up on the board and i put my hand up for that because my view is made obviously after last year it was pretty much the worst year ever you thought well [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] if you're going to be part of the solution or you can't just go home watch it on tv and have talks like this and say [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] the waratah's got to pick the game up so i said no i'd love to love to get involved and getting involved a little bit through the high performance mate high quality young likes man and got a little link obviously through mark bell as a very good mate of mine with his boy angus so he's like my second son i love him more than my sons i shouldn't that's a joke that's recorded oh my god um so i'd gone on that way and it was that was the motivation is just to get involved and it was good just going back to board so board base is comprised of there's meant to be a varied number of skill sets in there so they can it's governance so overseas management to make sure that they're doing the right thing so you've got people who are skilled in i.t or marketing hr legal and i was sort of put in as the high performance guy god played professional rugby albeit 20 million years ago um but mate i'm loving it just as i said being involved at the absolute grassroots we had a cam in dc i was made on the committee that picked him he's been a revelation blades having blades back in the fall and gm you've just got this you know amazing and coming off that said that last year absolute rock bottom absolute rock bottom to now be part and it's mate we're not out of woods by any stretch of the imagination but christ then you know they can really put their foot around the corner um and to be part of that is just so fulfilling so it's what i'm really really enjoying and it's about going back to the early bit dispatch just setting the structure and overseeing it but also helping where we can um to to improve uh destruction process and and the overall you know state of the business that's really what the board should be about what's the process like in selecting a coach because i couldn't imagine with the tars like i'm just going to be really honest coming from a shoot shield perspective seeing one of our own go on to be the head coach of the waratahs has been a huge boost for the entire shoot shield community because to us it says hey if we go well we can actually be in our state team yeah it's a brilliant move and and dc also happens to be a brilliant successful coaches driven and you can already see the cultural changes in there absolutely but what's what's the process like in in selecting a new coach how do you make sure you get it right well it might it's it's difficult well you know any job interviews like a marriage ceremony but everyone will say the right thing at the altar it's all kisses and hugs and stuff but it's only you know when the rubber hits the road is when you exit the church right and there's no difference in this but i mean there was and my all candidates on paper anyone could do it but i think through the interview process mate there's a lot of strong candidates but generally one obviously puts his head or her head above the parapet and just in talking to them you sort of get to the end of the interview and say look because obviously what you have you have a bunch of criteria that you're trying to match to so we'll have a basic skill set that we're looking for so you know it'd be great and it's not you might have things that are you know really high on the matrix that might score that's got a weighting of 10 and there might be somewhere waiting at one but you know stuff like you know it would be great we said going into it if we could get someone from australia or new south wales that would be unbelievable it's not a deal killer so you go through that whole process and um make long story short he came out the preferred candidate based on that matrix and i think one of the biggest things that got him across the line with his eq he's got an exceptionally high um emotional quotient and that's being borne out the moment has said you've got good young cattle there they're good there and you see what they're doing now right it's the same group almost he's had a couple of really good signings to help boost it but what he's getting out of those guys is and you're seeing the the paper you know guys are resigning for australia because of what's the team in dc we're staying here because we're there's good things hopefully ahead of us and that's really what he's done from my point it's just my point of view that he's really tapped into those sorts of things and how he structured his pre-season about building the guys out of the brain he's very very considered um and he's very cognizant of the group he was inheriting what had gone on where he needed to get them to over a certain period of time so he's a very very deep thinker about rugby but i think for me the big thing was he he has he understands how to deal with men uh and and groups and how to drive those groups and bring them together to get that x plus one outcome as i said mate we have one squat yeah we've got a few games which is nice yeah um but and we're definitely definitely moving the right direction that's the thing like just got to give it time to settle down well yeah i've i've had this chat heaps on the podcast because i you know i've talked to a lot of professional coaches and coaching's a funny game particularly professionally because you almost inherit a team and then you've got a period of time absolutely 100 to progress them and and then hopefully you can get enough success within that period of time to keep your job and then you know keep on your mortgage it's hard everyone's got a three-year contract till they don't so it's like and that again that's why as part of the governance everyone's just like all right pump the board again just everyone pump their brakes don't get too mad so that's where hopefully everyone has their eye on the prize and you know if things can go well with dc and again yeah what would be fantastic new south wales coach coaching new south welchman who go on to great success over a sustained period of time that's the other thing we wanted you know new south wales is well known produced 70 of wallabies they don't all play for new south wales but right this is the engine room so we and we've got so much to do as an organization because again watching it over the last few years whenever i got asked the question what do you think australian rugby it's fractured mate it was fractured beyond black and it's all there all the pieces are there right so i spent a lot of time gotta hub in the bush so we sponsor busch rugby i played bushrugby um i absolutely love it so those guys are absolutely rusted on so we've got all the base bits it's up to our job as administrators and and watching other people in management to put the environment in place for all those pieces to come together and someone like you can have a very clear line of sight when you're 12 years old and you're playing for the yas wombats you can see a wallaby jersey and you know how that's going to work you can see the competitions whether they be playing shoot shield then there's north harbour south hubbard then there's a you know a club competition then you well uh you know new south wales and then it's got to be very clear and at times over the last few years it's got a very opaque and that's again we've still got lots of work to do around that but the house is on fire so you've got to put out the house buy first which is getting the the waratahs back on board and that'll bring a lot back they'll galvanize the game in a major way in new south wales and and the boys are well on the way and knowing how committed they are as a group of young men is it's very encouraging mate there's there's so much positive stuff happening really if you look at rugby in this country anyone that says the support's not there is just full of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] or not i don't know what they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] talking about they're not exactly it's both of those they're commenting on [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] they don't know about mate look what's happening now we've got the world cup mate we and mate what with the rugby australia board again it was just going back to that fractured thing it was you know you've got to be careful not to comment on people publicly but there's a team then you've got these people who are highly regarded they've got high iq high acumens around business they're doing their job so the the broadcasting deal they needed out of nothing there's the opportunity of the world cup all this good stuff coming down the pipeline is phenomenal i mean we've got to get the game back to a financially sustainable model that's you know arsene management's job and we're working extremely hard on that but everyone is very cognizant of what the job is at hand and mate let's say it's just now a matter of healing all those fractures and coming together because you're far better at you know one plus one plus one it can equal four as opposed to three but that's the key thing and and rugby it's a bit tricky from a administrator's point of view because it's all part-time job for us so we're out of [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] we tried anyway can i get another stuff yeah it's not that wasn't it well it's not gonna mate we can't let you know die in the vine on our watch i just don't and they said i'm so committed to just get the thing and there's enough guys now you've got dan herbert on the board of australia phil ward you've got guys who have achieved at the highest level years ago you'd have administrators who've hardly ever laced on a boot and you've got players who would never go to administration you've now got that crossover so when dan herbert talks at the board about r.a about you know high performance rugby they're [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] listening right they've got something alike to do who's never laced on a boot in his life you know telling someone what to do that's the difference now you've got these high quality people in governance positions and in management positions that might have said the game's in in good shape i think the best shape it's been in sort of five or six years do you keep an eye on the shoot shield much absolutely mate what's your is that are you at uni boy you're uni boy are you mate that's kicking off this week are you are you gonna get down to many games and check it out mate i'll get down as many as i can we've got a bloody annoying function this weekend which i can't but most diff i'm still very very close to sydney university um you know he's obviously he's still got a couple of connections there through angus and his brother hughes playing there now uh in colts i might love it and the shoot shield is just makes such a huge fan of it and i guess you know where where they're trying to get you in this national club competition the shoot shield and the hospital cup whatever's up in queensland they're the sorts of things that we should be tapping because it's a very short jump from there to super rugby and that's the nursery and we should be making sure going back to that that clear line of sight and whether it be subbies and i mean look at bloody um charlie gamble story man like ridiculous they're playing for petersham my son was playing peach and said there's this mad guy smashing people and one two years later he's playing with the waratahs and lighting it up right so there's got to be that and i said before it's got to be very clear on how you can get to as far as you want to get as far as you can get and my very very passionate and bullish about it so i think we're in good nick in regards to we've got we've got the right team around it or on or off the field we've got a clear line of sight on where we want to go to make the game sustainable it's just a matter of bringing those last few bits together there's there's so many good stories like i'm good mates with jed holloway played played on southern and considering where two years ago he thought he'd never be back you know now he's he's captain of the waratahs at least at the moment he's knocking on wallaby doors you know that's a that's an amazing story as well and there's just so many in the game that that i i think we need to tell and um there's a lot of positivity mate and 100 mate that's all i had for you dick this has been an absolute pleasure mate um thanks mate i've loved it as you can tell i've chat away a lot when i'm excited right a very very easy uh easy podcast for me you know digging into some old memories and um you know that was that was a lot of fun mate i really really appreciate that thank you charlie i really appreciate being part of mine i said look bottom line we are in good nick we go on the right direction so might everyone just get on board absolutely right great way to finish i reckon uh if sydney uni play south uh at sydney uni let's have a beer uh definitely definitely mate um mate awesome awesome thank you so much for this dick ah pleasure man it was really enjoyable a lot of fun excuse me once

- Ep #4: Cam Roigard / Setbacks, Self-Belief, and Staying True: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Right, Kyota and welcome to another episode of uh Find Your Front. We're here today with a couple of changes, which is really really exciting for us, but um today we don't have the great Ali Lauiti'iti. Uh today we have another legend of the the game of rugby league uh for New Zealand rugby league and the Warriors uh and that is my friend, colleague, and good mate uh Jerry Seuseu. So, Jerry, do you want to say hello to our uh our viewers down the camera? All right, mate. Hello. Talofa. It's uh good to be here. Coming off the bench for the great uh Moco Jordan of rugby league and Ali Lauiti'iti, which who is on holiday. No, no, he's somewhere somewhere doing Doing something. Promise you. Um but yeah, if if I can put you on the spot, cheers. Uh Warrior number, Kiwi number? Number 50 and I think Kiwi number 66 something. I forgot. Um Hey, you're in there, right? >> Yeah, somewhere. You're in there. It's awesome. So, not only I I only did we have Jerry today, we've also got um a living legend, let's put it that way, right? Someone that uh special guest for us and uh special because just time of year and uh time given up to be able to be here. Uh I'm going to throw it now to our very prestigious guest, Cam Roigard. Cam, welcome. Cam Roigard. >> Thank you, yeah. Thank you for coming on Find Your Front. Um bro, yeah, good to have you here. Say hello and then we're going to get into some of the the conversation and in the talk. >> Yes, sweet. Uh Kyota, yeah, it's um cool to be part of this um party, be honest. Um we've been talking about it for a while now, so it's probably been just about a year in the in the making, so yeah, cool to be on and Yeah, awesome, bro. Have a good chat. And we're here obviously today to talk a little bit about Yeah, a little bit about footy, but more so about the the athlete and the person off the field. Um some of your story and we know that it's going to help uh with people that are either on the journey or that have since um retired, finished, or even other vocations of life. These conversations always will help with that way, so bro, again, thank you for giving up your time, being here. Uh we look forward to um obviously what's about to come, what let's talk about. So, what's cooking off? Yeah, let's start there. Um going back, Cam Roigard, who is he? Where is he from? Uh where is your fano from? Your upbringing? Tell us a little bit about that. Yeah, sweet. So, um grew up in Karapiro, which is um about uh 10 minutes out of Cambridge in Waikato, so um all my family lives there. Um live on a farm. Um so, my nana, poppa, my cousins are there. Um and yeah, grew up there. Um come from a speedway background, um which people don't know about, but um old man raced um since well, since I was born really, so um so, I sort of grew up into that sport as well. Um and then yeah, obviously, as I got a bit older, well, I started playing rugby when I was about 5. Um I've got an older brother um who's a couple years older than me, so when he started playing rugby, I wanted to play rugby, so just trying to chase him, you know, but um as probably most younger brothers just want to be like their older brother. Um so, that's sort of how I got I guess fell in love with rugby as well. Um So, yeah, did that. Uh went to St. Peter's um in Cambridge uh for my intermediate and high school. Uh so, played rugby all through the years as well with speedway as well. which well, for those that don't know, there's like um mini stocks, which is like a kids version of a stock car. Um so, little Datsun 1200 engines. Um so, yeah, it was that was cool. That was sort of um that's the summer sort of taking care of really and then um the rugby was in the in the winter, so um yeah, so had a passion for both and was able to do both up until um I think it was the end of 2020 when I got my first um super rugby contract, where that sort of had to put on hold, but um yeah, once I finished school, um made the decision to go up to to Pukekohe um to join the the Counties Manukau um there or the rugby academy um just to try chase the opportunity of um trying to I guess make rugby a a a career and um chasing that professional contract and yeah, I was able to get a contract in 2021 and then the follow uh 2020, sorry, and then the following year um got opportunity to go down to the Hurricanes um before yeah, well, to and then eventually it was full-time, so Yeah, well. Yeah, and then I guess the next step from there was in 2023 um managed to debut for the All Blacks and yeah, here we are really, yeah. >> Yeah, and now the pinnacle of it all is you're sitting on this podcast, right? Yeah, that's right, yeah. You made it. Um but bro, if we can circle back, like you've said a couple of things that I think are really interesting in terms of upbringing. Um maybe stuff people don't know. You mentioned about um two things. One, being on a farm, right? Being raised on a farm, was it you talking like dairy farm, cattle? Yeah, dairy farm, yeah. It was um to be fair, it was my old man, we sort of shifted away from the dairy farm stuff um when I was young, so he ended up buying a a bus and starting a bus company, which was Wow. probably a big decision for him at the time. Um cuz yeah, we I think to my understanding, you just grew up being a dairy farmer and um which I guess he would have, you know, his dad owned the farm or whatnot and sort of, you know, that's just the Yeah, path in life you sort of take, so um yeah, so that was sort of pushed Well, we obviously still lived on the farm, but there was probably not as many cows as what people would think when they say, you know, you live on a dairy farm. Um I think it was only maybe 100, 200 um cows to my understanding, but um yeah, so that was a big thing for for dad and um so, I grew up around there. Yeah, like um yeah, the speedway was the big the big thing that um when I think about my childhood, that was the the big thing that sort of resonates and well, still, you know, the the good memories was at speedway and being able to race was pretty cool and pretty lucky as a kid, yeah. So, you're pretty handy under the bonnet as well with the wrenches and the all those? Yeah, I guess so, yeah. You probably um just being around it, you sort of learn a lot of things. Like um my brother now is a qualified engineer um and he still races as well now, so he's um well, very, you know, hands-on with, you know, cars and all that sort of stuff and um dad, you know, having a bus company um sort of just naturally learn how to Yeah. do things yourself cuz it's the the cheap way to do it and the way to do it when you're, you know, you got your own business and um whatnot, so probably a bit more agricultural um than my brother is now in in the way of, you know, fixing the cars and >> You've never been tempted to push a bus around at speedway, have Nah, nah, no way, no way, but I'll do it like a couple buses, but yeah, nah, it's um I mean, that's what the race car's for, isn't it? Yeah, but it's it's interesting cuz I know um don't want to trade secret here, but our mate over here is loves tinkering under the under the bonnet as well. AG, you're a bit of a a tinkerer with automotive? Yeah, yeah, the wife's not so keen on a driveway full up in there, but then it's Awesome skill set. Yeah, yes, for sure, yeah. So, with the whole speedway thing, um what actually were we talking about again? Being on a farm. I was just thinking about Te Maire who, you know, Te Maire Martin plays for Warriors, Kiwis. Like he tackles um pigs on his day off, right? Helps him with his tackling technique. Is there any correlation, bro, between tackling tackling cows and sheep and pigs? And do you think it makes a tougher footy player or nah? To be Well, I've never done it, but I can see how it is, you know, the well, the change of pace from the sheep and the the animals would be pretty crazy, so if you can get them down, you can probably get any human down, I would imagine. Be good mindset to have, I reckon, fair's fair. Mm. So, uh you know, just aside going to the speedway stuff, um you mentioned that it helped uh you know, you have fond memories. Um but I'd imagine there'd be when we talk about uh performance, right? Uh to be a speedway driver comes with its risks and yeah, the pressures of performing and getting outcomes and all all that sort of stuff. Were you exposed to that to that sort of stuff early on? Was it something when you look back um that you felt was helpful or was it was it purely just fun and you when it was fun, you didn't think about the pressure and Yeah. Uh I think there was heaps that correlated from speedway to to rugby or sport other sport cuz um I guess the difference from speedway is that it's you against 20 other drivers or Mm. compared to rugby where it's you're in a team where it's 15 on 15. Um but the when I was young, obviously, because you are it's you against everyone else, that competitive um edge >> Mm. came out at such a young age. Um the calculated aggression, where you actually do need to be aggressive to pass cars. Mm. Um I think the nature of myself is that I was never out there to just participate, so I was always trying to win, even though cuz it's the especially the the kids class, the mini stocks I was talking about is from 12 to 16. Um so, you are versing, you know, young young adults, so, you know, if you're, you know, 12 years old or whatever, but um you're still, you know, in the same race trying to win, so um yeah, there's things around that, so like, you know, you got to be quite got to trust your trust your gut cuz you don't have time to think about it too much and It's so tight in there, isn't it? Yeah, literally, yeah. And you know, little things around peripheral vision, so you'll feel around who's around you and where can you and can't you go is something that I feel like on the rugby field when you do sort of make a line break or whatever, you do sort of have that feel a little bit because you don't have time to actually think about it, you just sort of do it. Um and that's probably not something that I realized until I actually did start getting a bit older and then the way you when you don't have speedway and then you realize, oh, that's the feel that Yeah, well. you know, it's something. Yeah, cuz um another thing is that in the the kids class, they don't have mirrors, so you can't block and cheat as such, so just for luck, I guess, for safety and fairness, so um so, again, that you can obviously with the safety equipment, you can't look over your shoulder, so it's all about you know, just feel really, yeah, it's got to silly. So you you mentioned in there ma- maybe explain to us what you mean about you see calculated aggression. And I think um when you play you participate in high performance sport, collision sport. There's obviously a lot of aggression. But you know that that descriptor it sits at the front of that word calculated. what do you mean by that and and for those that just might be naive to it or new to it. Um and how's it actually does it help? Is it helpful? Yeah, so like well how I sort of look at it is um you know the position that I play I'm a game driver as well um being a halfback. Um so I can't be someone that's aggressive all the time and every movement that I have um because I've got to help you know alongside the first five control the team um to put us in the right areas of the field. Um I've got to direct forwards around or you know certain players so we're in the right spots and we're doing what's necessary. so I don't have the ability to be aggressive all the time because um I guess it would end up being the wrong decision. Um can be erratic and that doesn't help the team so when I say calculated it's understanding when I'm going to if I'm going to have a run for example or you know I've got to make a tackle that I'm fully committed to that when necessary and that's a conscious almost decision. Um Yeah. It's not something that I'm I guess thinking about for too long but I I guess it comes with probably experience that you that you're feeling um you know through playing you know and you're able to get that right because like when I was a kid like I'd be in the red all the time and trying to you know do things 100 miles an hour but being able to understand when I need to be aggressive and when I need to control the game or you know pass really well cuz it's not really an aggressive action you know within reason obviously. Um as yeah I guess that's something that you sort of learn along the way and I guess on the flip side of that and the speedway stuff um there might be times where you do have to try and make a pass at the start of the race when you're all smashed together so you need to be more aggressive but you need to be smooth when you're you know trying to catch someone that's 20 meters ahead of you or whatever that might be. You you you cuz I think about like for you Jez as well um um obviously from a rugby league perspective you know you were a guy that was known to come off the back fence and obviously I know you personally so the person that you see play versus the person that you know off the field contrasting right? But as Cam talks about that the calculated aggression uh just interested to find sort of what your thoughts are on it too given the way you used to play which was you know confrontational and known for his aggressive game. >> Yeah no no I was um some gold right there ain't it when you think about being in control and that. I was just too much in the red Cam I was too much in the red as speech is. No yeah but there's that fine line hey in terms of um performance so my question would be like I just thought you could be pretty fearless in speedway hey cuz you've got my crash and all of that stuff. Does that translate to your rugby as well? Uh yeah I guess so like um more as I feel like I've always been a confident Mhm. person or player or if I was you know in a race whatever I'd always be pretty confident to back myself. Um so I guess with that becomes that element of fearlessness and um courageous when you need to be but um I guess that's all probably just part of it when you live you know like my dad is pretty like um well for those that don't know there's he raced um super stocks so that's a full contact Wow. racing class so you can take out people people can take you out so that's like another level that's like that's probably the like the closest thing to rugby in a race car really you know like it's um so for me that's something that's that's fearless that's Right yeah. probably stupid and like in a way you know because it is there's like there there's an element of risk isn't there and um so but that always that was always something that excited me you know like I That's probably the videos I've been watching where you know they they crash and everything that's crazy. Yeah yeah so like I like I so I was always brought up around that and that was sort of the norm so it was so so can I ask you and it's okay if you don't but I'm going to ask it like just really interested like what was obviously dad's mindset going into when you say super stocks and it's going to be knowingly aggressive and yeah how does a person get themselves up to put themselves even at at that level of risk and danger um yeah just fascinating. Yeah um I think the first thing that comes to mind would be like passion so dad just loved it still loves it now. Like he's not even racing but my brother does um the same class. Um and I guess if you don't know if you sorry if you don't love what you're doing then you're probably going to be a bit more hesitant or have that um element of fear um and you see that because people race they get you know hurt or they don't like the context and they you know race another class or whatever which is all good. Um but yeah I think the driving factor for dad was always that passion um and you know when I was racing before the rugby dream I always wanted to race the same class because of it. Um and yeah I guess it's like anything you know like there's lots of dangerous sports and stuff out there but um if as long as you understand the risks and you're prepared to do what's necessary to either put yourself in the best spot to not you know get hurt or whatever then then Yeah I guess it should be Like I said it's understanding doing a bit of work to understand what those risks are >> Yeah yeah. >> you're making a decision to say you know I love it enough. >> Yeah that's right. I know what's required and and fairness I think probably dad was you know in that generation so we were a little naive around you know the risks of injuries and stuff. But it's you know it's come a long way in terms of the safety um safety equipment and the um requirements necessary to be able to race and yeah I think that's just all part of it now so And do sort of cuz I've I've seen a lot about um race car drivers in general needing to keep themselves fit and healthy and most people would again be naive to think well they're sitting in a car like why would they need a be physically fit and but um yeah do you have any insight on that for us and why that might be important and whether they do or not you know? Yeah uh I guess the speedway that I grew up around it's you know um so there's a lot of you know people that are working you know Monday to Friday or you know like they have their businesses and whatnot um to I guess afford to be able to race so um for a lot of them there's not enough time to or they don't have the luxury of being able to train three four times a week to get in great neck but um you do see it you know a lot of the young driver uh sorry yeah the the young drivers um that are I guess fitter um they're able to stay focused for a lot longer. like I know in dad as he was getting a bit older he'd get tired or get bored. Yeah. You know so then you would just you know just fading away through the pack a little bit. He sounds like us in general hey. Yeah yeah or he um or he had a he's lost a lot of weight over the past couple of years and um he raced uh he had one race last year I think it was and so I remember him saying like the first thing was like I didn't get tired like it was just a game changer like he just he was amazed at how easy it was to drive because he wasn't out of breath because of the adrenaline and all that sort of stuff he was able to probably keep calm and you know able to just do what's um what what's necessary or whatever to um and he enjoyed it a lot more so yeah I guess the you know we see it with F1 drivers or you know any professional um racing like they're all athletes genuine athletes you know like the next strength for the F1 drivers for the to withstand the G-forces and whatnot you know through the roof and um yeah I guess it's what's necessary any high level. That's right. Man it's fascinating like I didn't expect that we would talk so much about stock cars um but I think um yeah just the the symmetry the the things that sort of cut across high performance right? Um mentally emotionally all those sort of things. Maybe if we skip forward a little bit you talked about going to the precinct of St. Peter's for man you know talk to us about those years and um playing rugby there did you come in um cuz you talked about playing rugby with your your your brother had played and you were keen to sort of follow in his footsteps um but was going to St. Peter's and playing rugby there was it part of that the spark the dream of playing first 15 whether it was national titles whatever. Um yeah what was the whole experience like for you? Yeah yeah I loved my um time at St. Peter's it was um yeah I probably didn't realize how privileged I was um until you know I sort of got a bit older and um you know I know how hard my mom and dad worked to um give me the opportunity and my brother to you know go there for all those years which um yeah it's yeah it's pretty special. Um I guess the rugby side of things like um like I was talking about with dad like that was my you know the rugby was my passion um and I wanted to always be the best um no matter what team I was in um I've made the I can't remember what year it was but the Roller Mills um team I don't know if you guys know what that was but um it's not there anymore but yeah so it was um so I made the Waikato Roller Mills in my first year so year seven I think it was. Um so that little you know I was the smallest by like a mile so I was the I was the small fellow in the team but um I was pretty I now looking back I was pretty lucky that I was small because I understood that um or a bit of help obviously from a few other you know parents and teachers what not that I needed to work on my other skills to keep it keep up with the bigger boys so that was when I was working on my passing. Um kicking my side stepping all that sort of stuff so yeah so that definitely I guess let a spark and trying to you know that dream of being an all black that's so far away um like it was there so um I'll jump in the air but like you're speaking to a an old trope right we we hear it all the time which is control the controllables. I think you've made made mention that at the time you can't help your height and you know you're trying to work on your body and put on weight you can't control those things straight away. and I say it's an old trope but how true is it that so then you you shift your focus to and attention to the things that you can develop and be be great at and I remember saying to a young athlete one of the Warriors boys that you know it's about trying to be great uh in the things that everyone's happy to be good at right um but for you so we talk about focusing on the controllable things like how true is that and how important is that because we hear it all the time and I think it's almost becomes so heard that it becomes underrated but yeah I just want to sort of pick that up if we can she can shed some light on that. >> Yeah for sure like it's um as far as I know I didn't know I was doing you know at the time when I was a kid cuz well I was just a kid like I didn't know any of that sort of training methods or anything like that but um well I knew if I could pass off both both hands Yeah. a lot of people couldn't do that you know when I was you know seven or eight when I learned to do it but yeah I guess you know as we sort of get older and we get into you know that professional environment um you know we talk a lot about the Hurricanes about um keeping your your super strengths your super strengths so um knowing what you are good at so whether it is your passing or your instinctive play or you know for some of you know it's tackling or you know the breakdown but just cuz you're good at doesn't mean that you need to not put work into it because it's not so much always it's not always about bringing the other stuff up it's about keeping what you're good at what your point of difference is your point of difference you know so you are still working at it so then when you do get up to the higher levels you're still I guess shining above in that sort of area yeah so that's sort of the mindset that um you know especially yeah like I said at the Hurricanes we talk about a lot because we do want we don't want our athletes um or players going away from what we're good at and what sort of gave me the opportunity to to be down um in Wellington you know so Yeah. Um which yeah I like it's a good way of thinking in my my opinion yeah. It's cool bro and so you you you have St. Peter's to Counties like what was the transition how did that all happen was it a smooth road was it easy cuz there's a perception right there Mhm. we look at Cam Roigard now the All Black and think oh he was always going to be destined to to play All Blacks and be a halfback but in those those years um you said you were a bit smaller was there a perception was there commentary was there a narrative around you that was saying the same thing or Yeah so pretty much so I made that all meals team whatever which is all good let the spark um and then obviously getting to high schools we have under 14s 15s 16s um so I didn't make any of those rep teams just the cliche too small that sort of lit a fire in me that didn't really um yeah that sort of hurt um especially as I was um someone that was so committed and you know loved the game so much um and then the last two years of high school they have the Chiefs under 18s um so I didn't make that um in year 12 and then which I thought maybe fair enough like there's probably better nines out there that they're older than me all good and then I remember my last year playing really like I thought I was playing pretty good pretty good rugby the team was going really well and we I was pretty lucky first 15 we had pretty successful um you know three years that I was in there um and didn't get named again got named as like a reserve so I didn't go to camp but if someone got injured then call you in yeah that um that one really hurt um cuz that was sort of something that I'd been focused on trying to make from the year before when I didn't make it you know cuz it was the same team um but I'd started to put on a little bit of size not nothing crazy but you know I got a little bit taller I wasn't so much too small you know like I was bigger than other halfbacks at that point you know because I sort of got a bit of height and what not so then that sort of excuse was out the door so um yeah so that's sort of that one hurt a little bit um and then yeah based on the decision to go to Counties was um I had an opportunity to join with the Waikato Rugby Academy um and there was some feedback around um the the talent ID I can't remember the exact name of his role but um who's pretty much in charge of I guess scouting young players that join the academy and what not he had a um conversation with one of the coaches saying that they thought I wasn't going to get me better so that was um and like I was pretty fortunate that my dad and um So what age were you? 17 so yeah so just about like finishing high school um sort of wondering what I'm going to get up to like am I going to just start an apprenticeship or am I going to try crack on and you know make this a dream um yeah I was pretty fortunate that my dad and the head coach had a pretty good relationship so he told him who told me so then I sort of understood sort of their mindset um Wow that's crazy so 17 Yeah. >> they're saying I'm not going to get any better I've peaked so that was like When you met the All Blacks did you say to him I'm sure he's watching I'm sure he's watching um so yeah so that was based on that really it was kind of what do I stay here they've already got this you know opinion of me which isn't going to help my career or do I go somewhere somewhere else that's almost like a fresh start where I can prove myself I can you know work as hard if not harder than I have um before and Probably like sorry to interrupt you but can I ask I'm just thinking like cuz you went you know we we we will know so many stories of young men or athletes women as well that probably be you know said something like that and something to them if I can ask though if if you thought ever what you think about it if you can put yourself back there at the time like when you hear that emotionally mentally what's happening? Yeah to be fair it was probably more I don't think it was like anger like I wasn't like Mhm. I hate this guy because of it but it was more like disbelief like it was almost like I just couldn't believe Yeah. like cuz I thought like my ceiling I thought like I haven't even got started I haven't even played club rugby like you know like we're we're still playing kids you know and like in fairness like I I'm playing pretty good rugby like we um my last year we won the central sorry the Co-ed top four so that was a you know a big thing for the school we went to Palmy for the final played on TV scored a couple tries um like played pretty good um so like to hear like that sort of feedback it was just like so Mhm. just bizarre like I was just it was probably more disbelief than anything which yeah I was probably lucky that I did sort of take it that way and it wasn't something that I took really personally or or believed to what were some of the things that might have helped you at the time like You talk about your family's pretty close. >> Yeah yeah so like I guess um you know making or being able to talk about it with mom and dad um sort of made they sort of made me feel like whatever um decision I was going to make um they're going to support 100% so I was able to I guess have a really good think about it and it wasn't about am I doing it to stay at home or you know like it was able to base my decision based on whatever was best for me and my rugby career so yeah that was yeah it was really good being able to talk to them and support them like like I don't know although dad probably would have pissed him off Yeah. hear that feedback but he never showed that to me or you know like he was all I all I knew from them was that they were going to support me no matter what and I know mom would have wanted me to stay at home because you know like it's just you know that's just moms you know yeah that's right so um and like in retrospect like I was probably a little bit naive like I probably couldn't count with my hands how many times I've been to Kennedy Park you know like it's just cuz I got no family up there or anything like that so it was it was always like it was the harder decision like it was going to be the big like massive commitment compared to if I stayed at home nothing much would change except I'm going to work and training in the mornings you know like so yeah that was probably the Yeah and it's the I suppose it's that fine line I like we want we don't want to ever be dishonest with a person cuz sometimes you know we talk about clarity is kindness and it's important to be honest but what do you think about that man like you can be dishonest but there's also just a person's perspective and we see that a lot right and the words you use and what you say can really have an impact on you know cuz what one person sees as peaked in the right hands another person sees as an opportunity to be great we see something else I mean you know what do you think it says I mean for both of you is about this high performance space around the importance of the words we use and labeling people Yeah well, I don't think labeling kids is good in any respect, you know, um on the flip of it if you're telling someone from 15 that he's going to be an All Black or he's the best best in the country, like that's not good for his headspace because he thinks I am the best, you know, so I don't need to work hard. I don't need to you know, do all these things that are going to get me from here to here cuz I've pretty much already done it because this person said that I'm going to be great. Yeah. >> Um so, I think, you know, surrounding yourself with people that are going to keep you keep you honest and working hard. Um you know, I was lucky, you know, the coaches were really good. They um you know, they worked us pretty hard, but it was, you know, it came out of a place of care. Um they never pumped someone's tires up, you know, well, you know, I guess just the the nature of the school, you know, and the values that they have. Um you know, it's around people being you know, humble and Yeah. um working hard and all that sort of stuff. Um So, yeah, I think, you know, people being pretty grounded and not getting too the head too big and not too small at the same time as, you know, it's a balancing act. Um and Yeah, it's a powerful powerful. I mean, jeez, like for you having worked in the space in welfare for a long time now as well, I mean, you see a lot of these you see a lot of efforts come through in our space. Um Yeah, how do you keep that the balance between what Cam's talking about the the honesty but also being that encouragement even if someone does have an a label or an opinion. I mean, what's your experience with that? Yeah, that's a great question. I just like how you know, sometimes you can use that perspective and use it as motivation, eh? Uh to do something else, to set a plan in a different direction, so kind of hear that in your story, which is kind of neat, eh? Um yeah, cuz how many ti- sometimes you don't make teams and how many times the guys use that, you know, that little chip on the shoulder to just keep doing putting the minutes, the time, the energy that's needed today, so yeah, and you're right, one door opens, another one closes, this one closes. >> Yeah, and those things they have in good people you can trust around you that keep you honest but also say keep going, like keep challenging those things and yeah. You know, so come back to back to your story and so all the stuff's happening if we're in that moment, what would you at the age you're at now if you could jump in a time machine, go back to the 17-year-old that's dealing with all of this, what one little piece of advice would you give them at that juncture now that you know what you know? Yeah. Um Don't know. I guess I think now if I could say something to myself probably that it's, you know, no matter what path I took, I was, you know, if I work hard um commit 100% that I'm going to succeed, so I think, you know, at the time it was like if I stay at Waikato, I'm never going to play professional rugby or be successful and, you know, to my standards, but I think because of the I guess like my mindset and commitment to trying to get better and achieve my goals was was pretty high that I think, yeah, no matter where I was, I was probably going to do what was necessary to give myself an opportunity to be successful. Um Which yeah, at the time and it probably wasn't until I think probably I made the All Blacks when it was like sort of that was something that I reflected on. I was like, oh, you well. It's it's not all about the decision that I've taken, you know, A or B whether I was going to make it or not, but it's the stuff up here or the mindset and the support that I had. >> And what principles are that you >> Yeah. continued with and >> Yeah, which is, you know, enabled me to put myself in situations which is you know, create or sorry, which has created opportunities for me. Yeah. That's awesome, bro. So, talk about opportunities then, Hurricanes. Mhm. Right, so you make a decision. All this stuff's going on, you say, now I'm going to keep going like take us there. Yeah, so well, when I first went to Counties, um like massive lifestyle shifts. Um I started building, so I was working. I was doing my gym in the morning like 4:00. Ooh. Work at 6:00. >> Wow. And then had the academy stuff in the afternoon before clubs, so and it was a family um that we're really close with now, but at the time I didn't know. Um so that was like pretty intimidating for myself and and that was when the support from, you know, mom and dad was massive because Yeah. it was pretty like I was probably a little bit homesick at the time, um working massive hours. and yeah, then I guess supported me, sort of kept me in there because, you know, there was times where I didn't want to be there. Like I was, you know, well, I was yeah, it was hard. Like um yeah, the support from them sort of made me get through those hard times and I guess it was always hard, um you know, when you we come up there, you know, or move up there in January whenever it was, so it was there's no rugby being played initially because it's so it's just academy, so it's just training and stuff, but wasn't until the rugby sort of started. Um you know, where it was a I guess a bit more enjoyable, started to meet some mates and then ended up going flatting with some boys in the academy and stuff, which made it um you know, a bit easier. Um managed to oh, made the decision with, you know, mom and dad um with their guidance to I guess put the building aside cuz I was thinking I was doing a building apprenticeship, but just with the hours I was putting in, sort of thought it was best to, you know, if we want to make this rugby dream a possibility, to commit to 100%, so um ended up getting a job um at the steel mill in Glenbrook, which was >> yes. Yeah, so that was um well, it was still hard work, but they, you know, they were really great people. They um you know, had a bit more flexible hours. Yeah. So, um yeah, I could work 4 days a week if I needed to or um you know, juggle my hours so I'm not I guess taxing myself and, you know, jeopardizing my rugby you know, in that respect, so so that was good and then yeah, got an opportunity to um go down to the Hurricanes in 2020 post my first NPC season um through an injury, which was um yeah, exciting for me. Um couldn't really like I was well, it was everything that I'd sort of dreamed of really. Um I remember writing um when in high school whatever we were write down what we wanted to to do or you know, what I wanted to be or whatever. I remember writing I wanted to be play Super Rugby purely because I didn't think that I was going to be an All Black at the time. Um But yeah, so for that to sort of um to come true was pretty pretty cool. and I guess, you know, unfortunately for the player that was injured, he um yeah, he ended up being out a bit longer than what was initially planned, so ended up being there um for the whole season, which was pretty cool and yeah, managed to to debut, get an opportunity. Um always had that drive of I guess trying to well, firstly, like earn the respect of the players. Um you know, the the older dogs, the ones that I've watched on TV, you know, the ones like Dane Coles, the Jordie Barretts and stuff. but then also pushing myself and challenging the coaches um around, you know, if I played one week and then I get dropped, you know, like I need some feedback or um like I remember um when I debuted for the All Blacks, Dane Coles said a few things and um a few words and he mentioned that you know, after my debut I got dropped. Um I remember he was saying that Alfie, who was the head coach, saying how pissed off I was and how, you know, like fired up, not not a negative way, but because I was so competitive and I wanted to um you know, I'll keep, you know, challenging them and whatnot and you know, that means a lot to me um to show that, you know, they're seeing that I guess the competitiveness and drive to um to succeed and um you know, be a part of the team, so yeah, to get that full-time contract at the end of that year was um yeah, I was pretty stoked, obviously. It was um something that like I didn't care which team which Super Rugby team I wanted to play for. Like I was never fully die-hard Chiefs or anything, although I grew up in Waikato, but yeah, it was to yeah, to to get that full-time contract was yeah, yeah, to be playing against All Blacks and you know, people that you watched on TV was yeah, something that I was feeling that still sort of tricks me a little bit, yeah. Cuz see cuz you made mention that um obviously, you were just thinking about playing Super and the All Blacks thing was not sort of on the radar. You just mentally not thinking about that. Um I mean, how how does that then happen cuz you obviously start playing consistent footy great footy, um so you're on the radar, but you're saying that mentally you just it wasn't even something you were thinking about. Yeah, yeah, I think um especially when you're NPC, um you know, the next step is Super, so then it was once I had made Super, I remember talking to dad about it, you know, telling him it's like, "Jeez, now there's only one more step, you know, and that's to make the All Blacks." I was like, "Far out, still seems far as away, but you're not wrong." But and then yeah, so my second year of Super Rugby had finished. Um I came back from a shoulder injury, so I only played about six games, all off the bench. Um then I had a really good NPC season. Um found some Mhm. um and got picked for the All Blacks 15 for the little um tour at the end of the year, so that's like a All Blacks like a B team. Yeah, yeah. Um but the thing that sort of um excited me was that it was picked from the All Blacks coaches, so I was firstly, they know who I am. Um they've obviously They're watching. Yeah, a little bit, yeah, so I wasn't um you know, I wasn't just a another NPC battler that was, you know, going to just play NPC and super like there was a junior and yep path which that was sort of when I first probably realized that it was a junior possibility following that so played played one of the games out of the two and then it was off season and I was watching the All Blacks and TJ Perenara ruptured his Achilles. So he was obviously the other half back or one of the three Hurricanes. So that was obviously you know, obviously terrible for him. You know, you don't want to see anyone get injured. But that's another opportunity for me to potentially start because you know, I hadn't started I think I might have started. I had one I had one start over the two years. which I I understood and knew that you know, if I actually play really well with right from the start um that you know, anything could happen especially from you know, the number one half back and yeah, I remember at the start of the season I got named to start the first game but the head coach was talking around rotating us just because you know, it's pretty tight between us and then yeah, I think I ended up starting every game but one. So it was yes, although you know, I was just the competitiveness and need to take you know, opportunity and understood that it was an opportunity to prove myself. Um And it speaks to that the importance of staying the course you know, controlling again the controllables doing the things that you know, cuz in your process did anything specifically change like when you went to Hurricanes did you think oh I better start doing this different or that or for the most part was it pretty consistent with your discipline and Yeah, no I think it was pretty pretty consistent. I think the main thing was what all I was after was an opportunity. So I was always working really hard to um to get an opportunity to play you know, like um that 2022 year um the super season was pretty like frustrating in a way because I was came back from injury and then I only played six games off the bench. So average you know, 20 minutes a game and it's pretty hard to prove yourself to earn a starting spot or whatever especially if you've got someone like TJ who's been there for so long. Like they're not going to gamble on this you know, this young fellow that's you know, never I guess you know, hasn't entered in a way you know, like but yeah, my mindset was the same always from like club rugby to NPC yeah, all the way through really. Even in the All Blacks you know, like um we'll probably talk about it soon but like my debut um was World Cup year playing against the Wallabies bledisloe cup test was if we won rugby championship but that was the last game or there was one more game after before the World Cup squad got named. So like if I played bad or you know, couldn't perform under the pressure then they just wouldn't pick me. So that was like massive opportunity and I had to take with both hands because I don't have a second chance, you know. Can I can I ask you a random question? Just thinking you arrive at the Hurricanes TJ's here and obviously the rugby's our number one game in New Zealand. What's that is that competitive in terms of you know, he's the All Black and then you're the up and coming or are they what is it welcoming and you know, that I yeah, I don't think it's very like brotherly like but what's it like in rugby? >> Yeah, no it is um I think in the past it was probably you know, you had to earn your stripes you're sitting in the corner until you know, we say you can come over kind of thing but that's like old school you know, yeah, but you know, like when I came in you know, they were really welcoming. I still felt like I had to prove something you know, like to them just because I feel like that's just the nature of the person I am. but yeah, no like me and TJ have a great relationship. I think why we got on was because he sort of like he's a you know, super competitive person as well who you know, really wants to succeed and he's not just going to fold over for some young fellow coming through but like I remember him saying um after after the season he's like I'm not leaving until someone takes my spot. But like I was like oh yeah, okay, whatever. And then you know, like after his last year he's like do you remember that conversation um that we had you know, he's like I'm you know, handing it over to you kind of thing because you know, you've earned it. Yeah, which is pretty cool you know, you have a lot of similarities in the way that we we operate and you know, he's extremely disciplined hard working person who wants nothing but to himself but the the team to succeed. And yeah, so for him to sort of He could see that in you, right? Yeah, yeah and so that was pretty cool. Um So then I sort of yeah, from that I sort of owe it to to the team to I guess to to step up and you know, keep trying to grow cuz yeah, it's one thing to I guess be that you know, starting nine or whatever but yeah, there's still so much to grow and Do you call him and talk to him in Japanese? No chance. Yeah, I do Yeah, yeah, he is yeah. That's like that's just another example you know, like he's so committed to if he's going to do something he's going to commit 100% if it means that he's going to put himself in a vulnerable position to do it so be it but you know, he's going to grow so yeah. And so now I'm thinking cuz you you made mention of let's go there you made mention of your debut but before your debut we talk about that you get a phone call all right, you called up to the All Blacks whatever that however that happened. I mean most of us get excited when the bank calls us just to approve a loan but a little loan saying that you're going to be an AB's childhood dream for most Kiwi boys that love rugby, right? Now where were you? What was that moment? What went through your mind? What were you expecting it? Were you not? Talk us through. Yeah, so the week of we we'd finished super rugby. I was I was having Subway. This was in Wellies and Coz he was in there Dane Coles. He's like oh where are you going to be for the team naming whatever. I hadn't given it much thought luckily just got knocked out in the quarter final for super rugby so I was like a little bit gutted and um I was like oh I don't know like probably just stay here. He's like if I was you I'd go go home to your family because if you do get named it'll be one that you'll never forget and the first one is the most special. I was like if anyone would know it'd probably be him. You know, he's been around for a long time. So I was like okay, sweet. So my partner and I um flew up to to Cambridge um to go to my mom and dad's to watch it and little did I know that they'd sort of organized a watch party to to be there if if I did get named. So um they hadn't been tipped off they were yeah hopeful believing Yeah, I think so. Yeah, yeah, yeah, no one no one no one knew. So I didn't know. And what a lot of people don't know is that we don't find out we find out live same day with everyone else. Well, yeah, so maybe different if it was for like a different like not not at the start of the campaign but yeah, so I find out when everyone else does. So like when everyone else is there cuz obviously I told them later I was coming up. So they'd already organized it and I was so nervous. Everyone's talking everyone's you know, pretty excited and stuff and I like I was off. I just felt sick cuz I was like if this if I don't get named I've let all these people down. You know, they're like oh it doesn't matter like yeah, yeah, yeah. So anyway, yeah, team naming comes out. It's in alphabetical order. So Roy Gardner down the bottom and like I just I remember like just shaking just so nervous. Um mate I yeah, yeah, and they're reading out the thing. Um they I thought the player that was going to get picked I was one of the other you know, and he got named was Ofa Finau so see so I was like oh I'm down here. Um Anyway, yeah, long story short team gets named and yeah, it was just like my old man and I just burst into tears. Yeah, it was pretty cool. Like I said it's something yeah, I'll never forget. And knowing your story now why it makes it >> Yeah, yeah, and it was really cool to have everyone that sort of supported me um from from well throughout the whole journey was there. So even you know, I mentioned that I stayed at a random family's place in Counties. So their family was there as well. They came down. So they were a big part of that you know, like we didn't know them beforehand and now we're you know, pretty close family friends. Yeah, my partner was there which was really special. Um and you know, my old man's not really that emotional of a guy. So to see you know, him sort of Yeah, yeah, it was yeah, it was so cool. And yeah, I'm really glad that I don't get a phone call to to spoil it in a way. Like it was yeah, it was cool to sort of feel all those emotions and just sort of remind myself how much it means to you cuz yeah, it's easy to sort of get caught up in what's sort of happening and sort of not appreciate it for what it is, you know, so And I appreciate you sharing it man cuz like not only do obviously not many get to experience or understand it but I think you know, the perception of the All Blacks in general you know, we everyone sees them and puts a lot of hope on them to go and perform and you know, if the weight of the country all that sort of stuff but at the core of it they is our families and human beings that are just riding in wave of emotion. Just like they would, you know, their kids getting selected in a local rugby team. >> Yeah. You know, stuff like that. So, I think just yeah, the appreciation for you to to be honest about that. Um It's really helpful, really important. and then All Blacks, right? So, you you get named, you go into camp. Uh I can imagine, you know, talked to a few guys that have made the All Blacks, you know, Dodge Raja talks about it, too. Just how much of a different experience it is, but Yeah, country kid going in there the first time. Get to pick your shoes and all that stuff. Bit of fun? Yeah, yeah, that stuff was um was pretty cool. It was a bit of a whirlwind. Um like I said, you like well, you obviously on such a high already. So, you just riding this wave, but um the first thing that stuck out to me was, you know, the difference from Super Rugby where no one knows you sort of kind of well, I felt like I had to try to earn the respect of others and I wasn't there because of a someone else getting injured. Right. I was picked because I was good enough. Um everyone already knew me, even if they hadn't like, you know, known me personally, but we'd obviously played against each other and stuff. Um so, it was really easy to connect and feel part of it straight away because I'd earned it. Um So, that was the first thing that sort made me feel really proud of myself. Like it was yeah, it was a cuz it was such a big moment, but I felt like I deserved to be there. Um yeah, and then obviously all the the stuff around. Um The well, the getting the outfitting and getting all the kit um was pretty special. Like yeah. Well, it's just everything you sort of dream of and you you know, you see the odd thing on um on YouTube or whatever, you know, everyone getting the Well, I remember I used to watch a lot. Uh it was different back then cuz there wasn't many like social media stuff, but like watching the gym sessions and you know, all that sort of stuff and it's like well, I'm actually in here. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, like you know, people like Beauden Barrett is like you know, won a World Cup and you just rub your shoulders with them and it's like crazy. Yeah, yeah. It is crazy, yeah. And and so, when you made mention of your debut, um cuz I want to get to a couple of challenges in a moment. Can you talk about your debut and your debut year, play World Cup and all of that? Like you made that whole moment running out to cuz I don't know an All Black team that doesn't play to a packed stadium. >> Yeah. So, not only is there it's full. There's pressure. Right? Um What's going through your head? What's that experience? Like cuz in the you made mention before that it was one or two games left before the World Cup naming. So, not only are you making your debut, back of your mind, World Cup squad potentially. Yeah. Talk to me about that. Yeah, so um didn't play the first couple. Um I didn't play against Argentina. Didn't play against South Africa. So, there were two Aussie Tests left. Um we're playing at uh the MCG in Melbourne. So, I think it was like maybe 90 70,000. So, it was like easily the biggest crowd I've played in front of. but yeah, it was such a I was obviously really excited. Um My my Super Rugby debut sort of went horrible. Um so, I came on went to extra time against Crusaders, ended up getting charged down. And then they had a drop goal because of it. So, like everything that I wanted to happen, it like couldn't have gone worse, you know, like from a personal perspective. So, like my whole, you know, motivation was, you know, I've got another opportunity to to debut here. So, let's make it a good one. So, let's, you know, um So, yeah, the way it all sort of unfolded, um got about 15 20 minutes, I think. Um ended up winning, obviously. Again, it was, you know, my mom and dad came across. Um my partner as well. Um also some extended family as well. So, it was special to have all them there. Um It yeah, that was the one that I dreamed of and it's sort of the way it unfolded, you know, being able to hold the Bledisloe Cup. Um you know, it was pretty cool, yeah, in my first game. Um you know, and the boys are you know, they were so welcoming and they um you know, they sort of that's the thing that they do is if you debut, you you're winning a trophy, they give it to you to hold. Oh. Whatever. So, yeah, it was you know, special like um you know, Sam Cane calling me over to hold up the Bledisloe when we're lifting it up, you know, after we've retained it. It was like awesome. Yeah, it was yeah, just so well, I did like I know it sounds cliche, but it was a dream come true. Just to, you know, to be able to experience it. Um the way it unfolded was yeah, really special. So, Good night out in Melbourne then that night. Yeah, yeah. No, we didn't leave the hotel. Like I was just um you know, I wanted to spend time with my family and stuff, but um you know, they have a rule that you can't take the cap off um when you get it. So, I got capped um that night and you know, if someone has a drink with you, you have to say yes or whatever. So, yeah, not too many stitch-ups, but yeah, but no, it was just yeah, like I said, it was it was a really cool moment and Awesome. Yeah. But yeah, I have had my family and stuff there. Um You know, cuz they Yeah, and because, you know, a lot of people don't know that you know, it's part of a game, you don't know whether you're going to play, obviously. So, they'd sort of booked it a couple weeks earlier just saying like if they can't if if you play, awesome, but if you don't, you know, we're still going to All Black Test, but Yeah. Um you know, so be it. So, the way it sort of worked out was yeah, it's pretty good. But it's interesting, man, like as you've told your whole story so far, like I think the thing that's coming through for me anyway, at least is that cuz you you say often about opportunity and then if there's also the unknown, like there's no guarantees from the the naming to uh playing, but the appetite to say there is an opportunity, we're going to go, we're going to do it. Like I think that's coming through as a real strong character trait. Right? Whether it's through your family and then yourself. >> Yeah. Um it's pretty special. And I think those are things though that you know, young athletes or anyone in their vocational life can take, like is is you create the opportunities for yourself through hard work, determination process, but then also, nothing's guaranteed. >> Mhm. So, the question is are you going to still take the take the shot >> Yeah. and and go for it. And I think that's really cool. I just wanted to say that cuz I think it's coming through really clearly. Um But that's you. Probably trying to push the narrative, that's what I'm hearing anyway. >> Yeah. Um And so, as we come to the sort of this tail end of your well, to the to the challenge actually that I wanted to talk about for you was uh cuz 23 seemed like a real whirlwind dream year. You make the World Cup squad. And then you're over there. I mean, can you talk us through that whole process, bro? Cuz cuz then what I want to get to is I just want to ask you a little bit about the year that followed with injury. Yeah. Um which is where we sort of connected a bit, you know, that um but yeah, leading up to that, what was that like, World Cup and So, obviously like 23 was a pretty epic year for myself. Um Sort of rolled back from terms of, you know, not playing or you know, never played for the All Blacks and then you end up going to a World Cup, which like who would have thought, you know, like I reckon I was probably the only one that thought at the start of the year when um TJ injured his Achilles that I was a genuine Shot. Shot, I reckon. Um Like I reckon like I I can't speak for them, but I don't even think my mom and dad would have thought, because it was so far. But anyway, yeah, so I ended up playing the pool games and stuff, which was cool. Um Didn't play any of the final games. Um but you know, post that year, um there were a few quite a few departing players. So, um Aaron Smith is gone, you know, gone to Japan. Um so, the I guess the door's wide open for the All Blacks, you know, starting number nine spot. Um cuz he's sort of dominated that for so many years. and yeah, obviously uh the Hurricanes, bit of context, top of the table, playing really good footy. Um that's been five or six games in. Um we're pumping the Highlanders, probably playing the best game of our season. And TJ's back at this time. So, um So, yeah, like playing good enough rugby to be still starting. Um but you know, credit to us, we you know, we're pretty professional, we get on really well. So, there was none of that, you know, argy-bargy. Um we're talking about how, you know, there's no reason why we both can't be in the All Blacks. Um it's a you know, first and you know, all the starting and reserve nine, you know, for the All Blacks stuff. Um and then yeah, bit of a freak accident, ruptured my patella tendon. Um Sort of get tackled funny and then yeah, so just like that, I'm out for six months. So, it was um yeah, obviously bit of a Yeah. shock to well, I guess the the country who were sort of anticipating me to be the the the halfback um for the All Blacks and yeah, for it to be sort of taken away as everything seemed to be going so well. Sort of was still riding the wave from, you know, the World Cup and all that sort of stuff. Um Was pretty yeah, pretty tough, but um yeah, I think there's a overwhelming support from you know, the same people that were supporting me the whole way. Um they were all there. So, was it that so, when it occurred, um cuz I I recall I think I'd met you in person at the Counties. It was a Counties Awards night, I think. Yeah, yeah. And I was speaking there and then we connected and we talked and we were talking about the year you had and you were excited about this year. And man, we should do this, like what we're doing now. That was our first conversation. Yeah. And then I remember when it happened, I remember watching it. And then we had a bit of a text exchange. Um It sort of me being in my role was like, bro, how you doing? Like and not knowing what I know a bit more about you now. Um But when I think back to that moment seeing it happen, and you say you sort of nestle back into those same supports. Um The challenge though, mentally, because I think we're talking better in the car, it's not just the injury you're dealing with, right? It's the like you're rehabbing with a different group of people, you're you're not with your normal teammates in the normal training regime. Um A guy that's physically fit, used to moving around, and then we hear about being on a farm, and you know, you're very active and all that, competitive. Now is having to be confined to you got to get off your feet. And you don't have much passing the ball, you don't have much, yeah. And not only that, like yeah, we're talking All Blacks here, right? It's serious stuff. Like yeah, what's going through your head, man? How are you How are you managing the moments that the family can't see? Yeah. >> The support people can't see. Yeah, I reckon there are two sort of key moments I don't know, like framed up my mindset for the for that injury, cuz it was a significant one. I remember the day after I injured myself, before I'd even had the operation, I think, um Razor rung me, so, head coach of the All Blacks. Um he's like, "What's the injury?" You know, like, "How are you? What not?" And he's like, "What's the return to play?" sort of thing. And I was like, "Oh, we're hoping for 6 months." So, he was like, "Oh, yeah, well, we'll target that Japan test then." So, that was Good confidence here. Yeah, so I was like, "Oh, cool. Geez, he's you know, still backing me." Yeah, 100%. So, I was like, "Oh, okay, I can't feel so sorry for myself." Um I was doing the rehab or what not. Um and I remember um the Hurricanes physio was saying, like, you know, "It's important to take some breaks, and you know, like, if you we have a real good like 6-week block, you can have a week off or whatever." Um and I remember she said, "Oh, because you know, the only person I've seen be so disciplined um during rehab is TJ." And like I remember I'm pretty pretty close with the the other physio. And we're sort of like Nah, [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] stuff that. Like, if he can do it, I can do it. So, we're going to we're not going to be crazy we're not going to overdo it like the rehab, but I don't need a break. Like, I'll just buckle down. You know, I've got a I've now got a goal to achieve. And that's me back to Nice. >> um for the Japan test, and yeah, I'm going to do what's necessary to do it. Um I decided to document a bit of it um on my Instagram, like, you know, that channel. Oh, yeah, yeah. Because I was getting all these because that sort of happened so abruptly, you know, I had a lot of support, and people sort of wondering or asking about the injury or what not, so I was like, "Oh, I may as well." Um and you know, the nature of the rehab and stuff, we film a lot of it. Yeah. Um because so it just for feedback and to see if we are doing it right or what not. So, there's um already a bit of content as such without even trying, so I was like, "Oh, I may as well post some of it as well." Um and I feel like that sort of kept me pretty positive in a way. That's it. Yeah, so yeah, it was um I think it's the >> Yeah. Yeah, it's so helpful, like, important people around you, voices, the right voices. But then also having, like you said about the call from Razor, every time real clarity about the support that's behind you, but then also that for then you to put out a time frame for yourself to work back towards having those setting those goals. Because I then I say it all often, man, like, the mind is a beautiful and dangerous place all in one. >> Yeah. It can either run away with you in your darkest thoughts, or you can give it some structure, some focus, and really wire yourself back to this place for sure. Seems as what you Yeah. >> you did there. Yeah, and I was lucky because, you know, the um the physios that I was working with, um they had had a bit of experience with serious injuries, so they rehabbed um TJ's Achilles. >> Yeah. Um so, they learned, you know, what was good and sort of what went wrong, or what, you know, if they pushed it too far, you know, the setbacks that came from it, and um you know, the element of care is more than just a job title. You know, they've gone they went above and beyond to organize some conversations with um all Connor Watson. >> Oh, yeah. So, he ruptured his patellar tendon. Um so, they organized a chat with him around so I could just sort of pick his brain around what went well with his rehab, what didn't, um what setbacks he faced, so then hopefully I wasn't going to make the same ones. Yeah. Um and throughout the whole time, you know, they were never doubting Mhm. that time frame. Um although I know for a fact, cuz they told me after that they had um physios from other um franchises saying, like, "You're rushing. Mhm. And wait like way too early. He's not going to make it. He's going to be he's going to reinjure himself." All this sort of carry on, but they believed in what they We did. >> they were doing. And it wasn't delusion, it was calculated. And to be fair, even the surgeon sort of backed us as well, but um yeah, it was like it was refreshing and exciting for me knowing that they had my back, Yeah. >> and they were sort of aligned with the goal that we had. So, Helpful. And so, yeah, you make your return, and I mean, I know and you're always as a professional athlete dealing with niggling injuries, and it's part of the part of the um the process, but I suppose how has that significant injury helped you when you're facing um injury Mhm. since then, like, in terms of the mindset and the process? Yeah, it was probably more frustrating than the the knee one, I think, because the nature of this one, it's bone related, so the whole rehab, there was just time off feet, so yeah, it wasn't much rehab to actually do. So, that was probably the the thing that frustrated me the most. It was yeah, I'm I'm someone that just likes to rip in. Um you know, like, in in the things like I had a goal for the previous injury, this one was sort of a bit clouded, and it was sort of Mhm. I was kind of hoping for the South Africa test. Um you know, then the doctor was saying, "Oh, well, hopefully Australia, too." Or, you know, cuz we don't want to push you back too early, and then, you know, make it worse, and then, you know, you're out again for the same amount of time, all that sort of stuff. So, it was yeah, it was pretty frustrating, but um I think I guess the positive was that I was able you know, catch up with friends and family that treat me like I'm, you know, well, that of the person that they know, so I'm not the rugby player. I'm just, you know, Cam Roigard, and they're just, you know, we're just having a catch up. Sure. Um which was yeah, which was quite refreshing, because, you know, you don't get that opportunity to to see, you know, you know, your mates and stuff that aren't in the rugby space, or live, you know, around me, because well, not until, you know, post-season. Um because we are so busy, so yeah, that stuff that was quite that was refreshing and at the same time, but um yeah, yeah, I'm off. I'm not going to hear I'm not going to sit here and say that it wasn't frustrating, because, you know, I was missing out on the big tests, um you know, like, the South Africa um test at Eden Park. That was the one that I was really excited for at the start of the year, so for that to you know, not happen, um and by a matter of, you know, like, about a month, you know, I was only not far off being able to actually play. It was yeah, it was pretty tough, but I think it's refreshing to hear, right? I mean, geez, like that, and you know it, too, the the reality of it all. Mhm. We you're dealing with ups and downs. Mhm. You're dealing with disappointments, frustration, you mentioned those words. Um and yeah, even with the best tools, you you still feel frustrated, and and you have an understanding, logically, that I know the path I'm on, and I get that. Um but yeah, it's a it's a very human thing. So, I think it's refreshing to hear, bro. Um And so, I suppose my question now lands to as we come to the back end of this conversation is just talking about Cam Roigard off the paddock. And man, what what's life like for you off of What do you What do you do if you don't even It's up to you to share, but what are you doing outside of footy that keeps you grounded, um that you enjoy, that you're working on, um and I and I appreciate you won't know everything about your future, but yeah, what are some things that like, who is Cam Roigard? What's he involved in at the moment? What's he enjoying, passionate about? >> It's such a cool name, Roigard. >> It is. Roigard, you know. It's like a Spartan name. >> Yeah, exactly. Like a ninja. Roigard's here. Yeah. Um oh, I guess the things that sort of, you know, like, in season or what not. Um yeah, we enjoy a bit of golf. Probably just the nature of um you know, the job that we have, you know, we get a day off, whether it's a Wednesday or, you know, Thursday, so it's a good time to I guess get outside. Um not too taxing on the body, and you know, we're all super competitive, we're all pretty similar personalities, so it's cool to be able to compete in something that you know, everyone's at different at, you know, different skill levels, and you know, what not, which is cool. but yeah, you know, big thing for me is like I've already spoke about, like, you know, my family and my friends and stuff, so um when I do get opportunities to connect with them, I make a special effort to to do that, because um you know, I don't want to be someone that's seen as to change, you know, as you know, I've sort of grown as, you know, like, as a rugby player, I don't want to change, you know, based off that, so being able to yeah, I guess make a conscious effort of connecting with people outside the um outside the game is yeah, is big for me. Yeah, um oh, doing a little bit of stuff, you know, with um oh, some property and stuff, which is all good. But, yeah, the main thing for me probably is just trying to get out of my comfort zone, being able to connect with, um, you know, a lot of people that, um, you know, what I guess you call it networking, but, um, yeah, that's something that sort of Yeah, important. Yeah, yeah, especially the opportunity that I have, um, in the rugby space. Um, sort of starting to realize now people do want to hear what I've got to say, and I I guess, you know, the nature of it, um, I am a person of, you know, influence, especially for, you know, young kids and stuff. So, if I have the opportunity to, you know, connect with, um, you know, you know, inspire kids and share my story, then, um, Nice. Yeah, I'd definitely do that, yeah. I was just a little thought, like, Yeah. Like, did you And I know I know you said that it's important to maintain your your superpower as a player, but did you have someone that you looked up to or modeled your your game on? Or you always just about your skill set? >> Uh, oh, to be fair, um, TJ was someone that I sort of looked up to. Yeah. And could relate to a lot. He was a bigger nine. Um, I knew pretty much, you know, from the early stages that I wasn't like going to be like an Aaron Smith, you know, because he's well, smaller, um, but obviously really good pass, and, um, whatnot. But, you know, TJ was left-footed as well, which I'm a left-footer. Yeah. Um, he's physical, which I like to think I am, you know, at the same time. So, yeah, he was probably someone that I looked up to, but, um, yeah, I was always watching highlights of just halfbacks in general, to be fair, because there's some, you know, everyone plays, um, different style of game, you know, not just from halfbacks, but, you know, different countries and stuff. They have a different style that they want to play, so there's always stuff that I sort of try to pick up on. Um, yeah. Yeah, nice. Have you ever considered number nine in rugby league? It's why we really do it. I was just wondering. Seeing some of your highlights, I thought that guy would carve it up. Yeah, I'm not sure about I I could have been all right, uh, with the ball, but I don't know about the the 60-odd tackles a a game that they get through. I think probably my shoulders would fall off, but I reckon you'd find yourself find your feet. Um, so, let's home stretch it. Uh, couple of quickfire questions, and then I'm going to ask you about how Cam Roigard finds his front, you know, couple of ways that you keep yourself well. But, you let's let's quickfire it. Um, pre-game meal? Uh, it would be chicken, baked beans, and a bit of pasta, and maybe a scone. A scone? Yeah. Jam cream, though. Yeah, jam. Uh, tiny bit of cream, but, yeah. But, I only maybe a half one if I'm if I'm nervous or if I'm starting to something not too heavy. I'm scone, okay. Yeah. Um, you're getting ready, headphones on. What's Cam Roigard's energy? What's on the playlist? Uh, I can't remember what it's called. Uh, is it a Metallica song? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, a bit of a bit of rock, bit of upbeat, fire me up, yeah. But, to be fair, I don't actually care what I listen to beforehand. Like, if it's almost like a white noise in a way. If I don't know the song, that's all good. Yeah. Um, but, yeah, there's Something energetic >> Something one low energetic before I sort of get out to warm up, yeah. You're a man after my own heart, bro. I'm a bit of a middle kid myself. Um, awesome, awesome. Post-game Post-game meal? What's going in the body? What's fueling the tank? >> Uh, no, that's probably a bit sloppy, to be fair. I'm big on ice cream, so Oh. >> if I get an ice cream opportunity, Yeah. Do you have a favorite flavor? Uh, caramel. Yeah. Yeah. You're a bit of a sweet. Yeah, yeah. But, to be fair, sometimes post-game I don't feel like eating anything, you know, but yeah. A few hours later, we're not eating. Yeah, depends, yeah. Yeah. May maybe shoot to your Maccas or something if I'm um, in Wellington driving home, but >> Yeah. but it'd be nothing more than, you know, There's There's plenty of ice cream companies that watch this pod. Um, and night out. What's your What's your signature scent? What's Cam Roigard rocking? Oh. Do you have a fragrance? Do you have one? What does the missus like? That's a great question. Does she buy it for you? No, she doesn't. Uh, honestly, I'll be honest with you. I won it in a raffle. And I don't even know what it's called. Yeah, so The mystery scent. >> Yeah, good on you. Yeah, so The raffle. Let's call it the raffle. >> Yeah, okay. We'll roll with that, yeah. Nice. Um, and last one. Cats, dogs, fish, person. Which one are you? Um, we're a cat family. Yeah. Oh. But, probably dogs. Yeah, yeah. Hard not to. I just I just love you more and more the more we talk about it. Dogs, ice cream. No. Hey, um, the show's obviously called Find Your Front. All right? Talking about what keeps you well. How do you find your momentum in life when things are not going the way they should be or the way we want them. Cam Roigard, how do you find your front? Yeah, I think we've already touched on it a lot, but, um, family, um, friends that keep me grounded, that see me for who I am, um, not as the rugby player. Um, so, I'm able to be myself, um, I guess bring a bit of joy to, you know, other people's life, um, you know, keeps me grounded, and um, you know, in a pretty secure place where I sort of feel like I am who I'm meant to be. Um, but then I guess on the flip of that, how I find my front is through probably discipline. So, being able to circle um, my identity of who I am as a, I guess, as a person with things like work ethic and, um, discipline is massive for me. Um, so, I'm not just finding myself sort of floating, um, cuz I hate sort of I I I don't think I've ever had, well, throughout my life I've always had some sort of purpose or direction that I've almost always trying to achieve, so Yeah. Um, if I've always, yeah, long as I've got something to um, pursue or challenge and challenge myself, then, yeah, I feel like I'm it's how I'm sort of finding my front. Yeah. Appreciate it, bro. With that being said, uh, Jerry, see you soon. Any final thoughts, questions, reflections from you in our conversation with the bro? Man, just hearing this guy's story, hey. So, he's been like a carpenter, he's worked at a steel mill, he races cars, fixes his own cars, does it all, mate. But, no, it's been a pleasure. Thank you for sharing your story. Hard out. So, Cam, again, brother, thank you for making the time. We know it's a busy time for you, a busy time of the year, but, um, your story powerful, your insights, um, and then we just wish you all the best for the remainder of your season. And obviously, as we continue to connect over the the course of your career, like, just a big supporter, big fan of who you are, not just the rugby player. So, again, brother, thank you. Um, all the best. And for those watching, have you enjoyed it? It's another episode of Find Your Front.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Fkhalfblood [5 likes]: He should've been nugget replacement during the 2023 WC especially in that final. He was miles better then Kristie.
  2. @Malcolm_kingdomminded [3 likes]: Love the bro who’s leading the podcast interesting how he picks up words and relays a response with a very appropriate question nun of this fuuu the man g😂. Also listening to cam roigards response to being controlled, game drivers and every action has a definite outcome I guess that’s what separates the great from the good. It’s easy a spectator to say Eah smash him g😂 not realising the game drivers and getting the team into a impactful postion to ice these moments.
  3. @dcaotearoa: Only thing I don't like about the great man Cam Roigard is that he is a Hurricane...lol He needs to comeback to the mighty Waikato. Lol. Good luck to him and I will be cheering him on when he makes the ABs in 2026. Lastly shoutbout to the FYF team and the great man Jerry!!
  4. @elizabethleiper2664: Boy I enjoyed this, as an ABs supporter and someone who used to enjoy watching stock cars for years as a youngster in NZ, many years ago.  I can appreciate the mental focus of racing would be a huge benefit to Cam. My 1st time here, as a Warriors supporter since day one I will be back, 2026 will be our year  😋
  5. @timaruoutlaws1905: Jerry, was a pleasure to meet you and Ali in Timaru a few years ago.
  6. @FiftyOne-h1j: The interviewer is on best way to ask questions and allow the guest to speak and not cut him of that's podcast101
  7. @FiftyOne-h1j: Mean korereo chur jerry
  8. @Conrad-p5w: Great  interview 👍
  9. @stuartburrows2744: Wise man cam
  10. @Conrad-p5w: My favorite  player in  both codes🎉

- Season 2 Episode 6: 3 Tips for Using Fullbacks: Kind: captions Language: en hey coaches welcome back to big draw the world i know it's been a while again i tell you this virtual teaching this hybrid teaching guys who are in teaching you know what i'm talking about um it's for the birds man it's got me busy between that and practice and getting ready for spring season but i'm back today my last episode we talked about the curse word of football which is the word fullback and i'm gonna give you three tips for using the fullback i know the fullback isn't necessarily lineman and we love to talk about lyman here a big jewel of the world but i feel like the full bat's like a kindred spirit a brother with us so first tip for using the fullback is the biggest one what's old is new full bag centric plays in the modern offense so we're going to be talking about the power and the iso fullback dive the trap let's talk about power real quick now remember i'm going to get out here real quick if you go back it's weird opening up i have a whole series right here on god's play power and when we talked about god's play we talked about the power three things we had a down block we had a chitchat and we had a lead on linebacker now you're gonna see me play around now i'm gonna disappear and i'm gonna let my i'm gonna go to my smart board and try to be loud enough y'all can hear me so here we go so if we're going through power if we're going through power okay i'm going to give you a 4-3 start we're going to use to pull back in now if you're going through your traditional gun offense if you're going through your traditional gun offense okay whether you want to use the pistol or use the pullback remember we're going to have this down block boom boom right here we're going to have the kicks we're gonna have to leave i'd almost wrapped him up to backside backer so you can get the read on the end and now i'm using that full bat to give me the traditional power look okay when i was at chatham high school this was called our dark play and this would help sort of help us set up our offense we use that fullback it gives us sort of a gt counter steam without using the tackle when pulling because i didn't necessarily like using the tackle as much i did that tackle to dip and stroop into backside backer so now we have the guard kicking and the fullback wrap and you can do it one of two ways okay that's what we would call um you know a go you know you say we're gonna start with go with a g and that's what we would get the guard kicking the age or the full back rapping you can call it a golf call okay we got a golf cart we got a fog call okay fog call we're gonna have a full bat go first so i'm gonna show you i made that new one okay you do the same type of look out of the fog crawl okay i'd almost put this fullback now a little bit cheated inside the guard maybe even other side a gap just to give you a different look because now boom boom he's chicken he's wrapping and we still have the same baking steam you've just given them a different different look and i think we all know about this okay i've talked about this before if you can do the same similar type blocking scheme the only one of your big five that changed on that play is your backside guard yet you still get the same result keep it simple for the offensive line man that's a big thing um but you can use your full back on power out of the gun okay people don't think you can do that iso isolating the linebacker we can also work with belly going back in let's take a look at iso so obviously the easiest way we can run ice though okay easiest way to run iso right here if you really want to we're going to base block out okay tell your play side guard to sort of take that play side defensive tackle whichever way he wants to go okay if he goes b-gap cool our iso is now a at play erase it he wants to go inside the h-max got being athlete now it's to b gap play all right guys you can even have fun with it if you really want to and use that h or that fullback i know i wrote h i should be writing f for fullback i just wanted to do fun things you can do with this extra player okay if you really want to mess around here all right you can mess around with who's i've been the iso block i've seen teams before send iso on the linebacker so if i wanted to have i want to have this f right here kick right there or have that guard take him and have the influence block [Music] quarterback iso i'm gonna go here here take him anyway we just got an influence plot right there got r we have to tackle dip and rip have a full bag take up cut off back side defensive end and we can still run tailback so this way show you how to do that i got one way i'm not gonna show not gonna put on film but um if you want to run i so you can do it this way run it like that and now we're pulling guards the iso man so that's just a bunch of different ways you can run the iso out of the gun i love the iso play fullback dive okay i got some film for this one do not forget your direct snap do not forget where you can put your full back in the gun um set up this scenario here we're in overtime playing a team that vastly better athletes than us you know i can use every excuse in the book why we shouldn't be in this game but we're four from one on one yard line um i actually subbed our tail back into this spot but he's as big as a durham fullback he was uh 230 pounds last year and i put a guy that kind of looked like him back at tailback but look what we're trying to do here okay so we got an athlete at quarterback we got a wing we got what looks like a blocking back we've been running quarterback sweep all night you'll see there my full bag is set up just in the right a gap it's what we call cardinal left side we call it cub two natural rivals cardinals and cubs so we're gonna get motion we're selling that we're bringing the sweep guy as a blocker we're bringing this back as a blocker look at them they're overloaded with like four guys outside the tackle they're ready for us to come try to get to the edge we tried to run inside zone before and got stopped we're on the one yard line we're down by six we need this fourth and goal in overtime we snapped it to the fullback just watch how easily he walks in and we just wedge blocked it okay that's all full bad wedge play trap you want to run your trap game with the fullback again i think you can do that going back now going back to your full back trap off of that counter load now our trap is a little bit different for power because we don't have that lead block coming so we get this we used to hit this one a lot with the fullback you can call fullback power you can call a fullback trap we call this 3635g right come back with it this is a little bit wider than trap so do with the question um i'll leave defensive end on the block i actually used to just go way i would run this now lock the guard out bang tailback quarterback or influence an option and do the full back right there that's how we'd run like 36 g 36 trap to our pullback we can run short we'd rather wide we used to run rod morgan's if a team didn't take a guy out of bot if a team took a guy out of the box versus us because we threw the ball more okay pull back trap passing game don't be afraid to use them in the passing game guys i was an air raid offense i use mine as a little play like i told you our gt counter was a big run play for us a few years ago see if i can get this to go widescreen there we go our gt counter was a big run play for us ah so what are we going to do here's my little fullback back there so we've sold everything boom boom boom we've sold the handoff he's slipping out the other way and a nice little slip to the fullback and when you know he shows a little athleticism there he was more of an athlete it could have been a running back type fullback that's just it and the other thing i was going to talk about with the tip number one what about the eye formation guys we talked about this all the time if you just line up in straight eye formation keep some of your bass run plays but put them out of the eye formation how many teams and it might be different in your area i haven't seen eye formation in a while guys aside from my occasional play i formation's got some good stuff when t's got good stuff air raid's got good stuff every system has some good stuff what's wrong with putting a little bit of eye into the game as long as it doesn't rob your offense okay tip number two make it job specific train the job don't just use your tight end or your big running backs okay train an actual fullback coach okay tip number three i showed you several formations where you can move that fullback around whether you're in the gun whether you're in pistol whether you're in you know flexing them out like a wing move him around i think we've gotten creative in the days with a tight end let's be creative in the days with fullback okay we can put them in different formations we can put them around if we want to line them up as a wind if we want to line them up an adaf b gap c gap whatever we can slide them we can trade them we can do a ton of different stuff and i'm telling you it's going to mess with the defense's head and how they call their offense so think about that don't overthink it so much where you're calling sp you know you're telling your full back where to line up specifically like okay he needs to line up in the opposite a gap when we're running this particular run play don't get that cree don't get that wild where you pigeonhole yourself into that like if i only run fullback dive when my fullback is in the left a gap and as i only play i run when my going to pick that up on film okay so play around a little bit with it move them around do some fun stuff and bonus tip use the name full bad make it sexy make it a p attractive reward your big guys just like i say with offensive line hey man you gotta sell it i talked about bringing swag to the o-line bring swag to the full bad position guys is just a little series giving love to those full-backs they help us out we help them out okay remember if you want to store big points it's all about taking care of the trenches i call that fullback a trench dog just with the offensive lineman okay if you win in the trenches you'll win on the scoreboard and you're expecting you're gonna win on the scoreboard and put up big points once you learn the biggest rule of the world i'll see you next time coaches i'm hoping to get on a more regular schedule um we're up close to 150 subscribers i'm gonna start putting out a weekly email with drills and stills um forget once we hit 150 subscribers so let's get us up to 150 subscribers we're gonna have a drills and stills email going out for all for anybody who wants to jump in on it we'll have some different offers on that the drills and steals email will be free it'll have some links to some paid stuff you can get to help your offensive line coaching abilities all right for all you guys uh coaching friday night i'm jealous for all you guys for the like five six states that are still hanging out with me and getting ready for the spring hey man we'll get through it together see you next time coaches

- Kuruvoli attributes success to family support, shares huge motivations in his rugby journey: Kind: captions Language: en uh first of all my name isi I'm 24 years old uh here from the beautiful island of K uh yeah my my Rugby Journey started from when I was in Primary School uh yeah um yeah 11 and 12 uh I used to just play socer soccer uh growing up but then and I made the switch to play rugby in uh 2011 and 12 after that I went up to L Memorial School um did a bit of uh dance competition and went up to kest 2017 to finish my studies in high school there uh from there then I got uh got a call from from the academy hpu to join to join them and from there I just did all the H yards and here I am now uh I played soccer just to just to improve my kicking uh and uh some skills then uh my grandfather told me to to make make the switch maybe just try rugby then this history yes uh a bit I did a bit of Judo and uh play a little bit of AFL growing up uh uh firstly I just uh I'll just say uh the struggles I went through is just financially uh I lived with my grandparents uh growing up and um then I I told myself that I'll wear the white jersey one day and just as you can as you can see uh I just played from the World Cup just recently and um from there I'm just paying back to my grandparents what they what they could uh every time we go out on the field uh seeing the national Anem I know um just the things is going around my head it's just my family firstly my son uh and yeah first it's all about family uh they put all on the heart work all the struggles they all the sacrifice they do to to to do what what I do best in the field uh and secondly all the the people around the Villages that don't have uh electricity and and network they carry the generators up to the hills just to watch the game and support the boys um yeah uh growing up my uncle played for the there two of my uncles one played for fij and the other one played for Fiji bti uh growing uh growing up seeing them done the white jersey uh gave me gave me a boost to uh maybe go past them and done the I'm the first to done the flying fan Jers yeah that's all part of the plan um playing for draw now just to Prep Prep my body mind and soul to play for Fiji uh just my message to the young young boys out there just uh if you know you have the talent just make good use of it and choose your friends wisely don't don't go don't choose uh don't follow peer pressures

- AFL Explained: Half Back Flank: Kind: captions Language: en The halfback flank is one of the most dynamic positions in modern football. Although it's true that all six defenders should employ a defend first mentality, trailblazers like Andrew Mloud in the '90s helped to shape the position into a counter punching asset. Today, positions during an AFL game don't often fall along traditional lines with teams preferring to describe positions by the role they perform for the team rather than where their magnet sits on a whiteboard. With that in mind, we can think of halfback flankers as the players who are most relied upon to transition the ball from defense to attack and launch attacking plays where they regularly abandon their direct opponent in a risk and reward-like approach. So, while at its core, the halfback flank is about balancing beating an opponent one-on-one and being able to launch attacking plays, players with different personal attributes and teams with varying tactics and priorities have given rise to several different types of halfback flanks in the modern game. We'll take you through some of these different play styles and what they contribute to their teams. Running rebounders like Adam Sard, Bailey Dale, and Daniel Rioli have become connoisseurs of a running gun style of play. They use all of their running, handballing, and kicking to link up for one twos and tech the opposition 50. Sitting behind the play allows these players to read the game in front of them, then pick their moments to explode up the field and launch their teams deep into attack. Teams who utilize these attacking halfbacks may often drop a seventh player behind the ball, creating a spare defender who can cover for their teammate when they take off down the field. Control-based players like Jackson Clair and Isaiah Wanging Meera who work in tandem at the Saints or Dane Zoro's role at the Lions utilize precise kicking to help shift lines and maintain possession. They're the sort of player who can be great to have in your fantasy team as they sit behind play, ready to receive the ball from teammates, wrecking up touches, and most likely taking more than a few kickins. The way they operate is similar to a basketball point guard, deciding the speed and direction their team plays, combining with other players for quick one twos and switches of play. During slower phases, when opposition teams drop back into their defensive structures, these elite kicking players will be relied upon to slice through a defensive zone. You'll also see halfbacks with a strong kick who have passed a teammate to receive a handball further up the ground, trusted to be the ones making the crucial kick inside 50 or launching a longrange shot at goal themselves. It can be difficult to define players to fit just one role. And in a halfback context, players like Nick Blakey, Tom Stewart, or even Luke Ryan at times can fit into these previous classes, as well as being able to play on taller opponents and execute more dedicated lockdown roles. Other players like Locky Whitfield can also sit partway between more of a controlling playmaker and a running rebounding halfback as the game or structure of the team requires. So, in short, there is no one correct way to play the halfback flank with a diverse range of players rolling out for different teams across the league. It's also not uncommon for players like Jack Sinclair to rotate between half back and the midfield throughout a game. Due to the position's damaging nature, recent years have also shown us times when a half back has been targeted by a defensive forward. Remember Nick Dayos and Ryan Clark's fiery encounter a few years back? or how Brisbane exposed the attacking nature of Blakey by sending Kamachi closer to goal in last year's grand final, lengthening the space between them and kicking four goals in the process. It can also be a useful position to develop midfielders, and we've seen players like Dos and Sheisel play here, getting the ball into their hands and giving them time to develop on field without exposing them to the physical demands of the midfield. For aspiring halfbacks at home, some important attributes to work on are your kicking in tight spaces, helping you to effectively set up play, and your repeat running efforts so you can work off your opponent and quickly relocate them in transition. Try and build trust with your teammates and other defenders, too, so that they'll get the ball into your hands at crucial moments, and be willing to come across and cover your opponent if you're called out of position. Do you want an aspect of AFL explained? What position should we look at next? Let us know in the comments and be sure to subscribe for more footie content.

  Top Comments:
  1. @FootyA2Z [57 likes]: Please bear in mind this was written before Nas decided he could actaully just do whatever he wants
  2. @zacharybos4230 [11 likes]: I know it’s a big ask but I’d like a video on how each team plays and structures up
  3. @keithbehan4660 [3 likes]: Thanks for the videos lad, as someone new to the sport watching from Ireland your videos are a great help learning the ins and out of the game.
  4. @james2651 [1 likes]: I more or less stopped watching by 2010 and moved overseas. Explaining the modern game and why it's lower-scoring would be something I'm keen to watch (I do remember flooding [Terry Wallace] and tactics like that).

The skill level (especially marking) has very noticeably declined, by the way.
  5. @yoshimajestic1666 [1 likes]: Loving these style of videos
  6. @powerkald: Wing and midfield in general would be good to learn about both for me and the Eagles. Engagement !
  7. @swordiexd: I think you should do all these positions in this exact order

Half forward first since you just did half backs
Then wings, as they are very similar to half back AND half forwards
Then all 3 midfielders with Rover first, then Centre, then Ruck-Rover
Then forward pocket / back pockets

I don't think FF, CHF, FB or CHB need to be done for a while. These are very specific positions and not everyone can play them (due to height / size limitations), and they aren't really as nuanced as the positions I just mentioned.

I say this as a former full-forward haha x
  8. @sandwichmansam: If you don’t do the AA team for 2025 I’m gonna commit terrorism to Carlton’s list over the offseason
  9. @Clangle69: Draft and trading explained!
  10. @mcy4617: Stupid Game
  11. @Sherwoodians: Great video! Is there any chance you guys would do a video on what changed in Adelaide to go from 15th to 1st? Or something similar about trades for older players making a difference etc. (idk you guys are the ones that make the cool videos)
  12. @DianneFilipenko: Very helpful breakdown of the half back flank
  13. @bigfatemails: We're back
  14. @harrybaruhas5576: Well Done and great to see consistency and commitment, much like a great Half Back Flanker!
  15. @thekhan1987: Good shit, my man.

- Boys in awe of Alfie Langer’s great Origin return: Freddy & The Eighth | Wide World of Sports: Kind: captions Language: en very good stories of origin the podcast is back for another season this year it's origin Through The Eyes of the master Alan Langer and who would ever forget the stunning return back in 2001 this is how it was reported all those years ago looking fit Langer joked about his recall and long flight from England no the jet L's not a problem M I've had a quite a few beers on the way over and slept very well after leaving the Broncos in 1999 and opting to play out his career in England Langer answered a Mayday call from Queensland Coach Wayne Bennett injured maron's Captain Gordon Talis convinced the ploy is already paying dividends he's probably the best player that I've ever played with so uh I think that there's any worries with like Elfie lifting at his parents zp switch home it was just like old times Harry and Rita Langer sending their son off to py training it was a bloody surprise I shouldn't to swear it was a surprise of our life here oh that's fantastic what great vision he's Jimmy Jams he slippers and he's comodore look like it was 12:00 in the day maybe Al had the old man out on the drink he wasn't lying about that he's the best I so I had the chance for stories of origin to sort of have an hour with him he doesn't often talk but it was and he's he's a bit shy but once he sort of warms up and he he sort of said you know the come back greatest week of his life except for the two days that the Brey Cy had with Tommy ronus after it and then he had to jump back on the plane to go and play for Warrington what a performance it's just you playing this that was my last game and then I came back in 2004 so what was the reaction in the New South Wales Camp when he was picked well who was out who was their halfback who would have been their halfback uh I forget how it all come about Sean Barry that yeah they lost they lost a heap of to injury and I can't I reckon was don't know no well I think mate we all knew was a champion always knew he was going to live but they they played they bashed us that game they gave it to us what do you WR him amongst the great Queens lers I always said he was possibly the best club player I've ever seen never played for Australia he played in an era where was Greg Alexander Ricky Stewart uh you got the he started in the Peter Sterling and sort of was on the back of that who was the halfback of the late 80s I'm trying to think in the Australian team would it have been uh sterling sterling sterling was that 86 would have been Sterling 90 was Ricky Stewart kangaroo to was you're talking about so but it in 90 didn't he yeah Oregon possibly the best club player i' never played him in his early part of origin we had a pretty good run with against Queensland in the NS but look at him Paul Green by the way was a halfback in game two 2001 and I think he may have been injured so you know what the best the best company the best company it's fabulous story and actually talked to Ricky for an episode you know that was that was the that was the Rivalry of the 90s wasn't it Lang of be Stewart it's a it's a shame they never played in The Grand Final Brisbane camber that early 90s it was funny it's just they had to pick in in Australia they had to go stew it daily I think a couple of times maybe once or twice they went linger daily and it was just a dog's breakfast yeah right um you know they played one test together in the halves Stewart and Langer Stewart and Langer yeah once wow but then Alfie you had to pick Kevy because kevie knew how Alf played and if Alf ran there kevie was there if Al kicked here Kevy knew it was and during the 90s actually Kevy used to come off the bench a lot for the Australian team did he yeah he come on 92 World Cup end up throwing the pass to p uh at Wembley 24 I'm pretty sure he come off the bench as well a few times in I've played 5 I've played 5'8 outside Al in a test match in New Zealand Str yes were you playing New Zealand we're playing New Zealand and I think Kevy pulled out no that was uh Wayne coach didn't he yeah Wayne coach and I was out too you you didn't play no I think it was uh yeah I played 5'8 it was it North Harbor was one of those gee I never knew that but it was totally different playing well well playing 58 he didn't play much 5'8 but playing with alha was just all you did was just following he couldn't pass that good he couldn't kick that good but he knew had of win Adam he was just at you he was just at you the whole time you just had to react when he took off you just had to be just supporting it stories of origin the podcast have a look it's first episode out uh this week last week I think I Ru with him that tour it's an enjoyable thing to put together boys speaking of heart the liver I came home and just put the liver in some vinegar please heal he was such fun he said he never he said he never drunk when he first played origin Alie they took they what a champion

  Top Comments:
  1. @DealMe-wv3iu [17 likes]: WTF ? Stuart hardly got a run while Alfie was around in Test matches . Too many knocks to the head Fittler ?
  2. @rocknral [16 likes]: Saw Alf at the airport in Sydney on Thursday and thought how he was such a great player, but seems really shy and humble. Happy to just be a runner for the Broncs and Queensland, while leaving the limelight for the other maroon greats.
  3. @hardtoke [7 likes]: Langer played 25 times for Australia. Ricky Stuart played 9 times for Australia. These two commentators are fools.
  4. @chris123-r7c [6 likes]: This was my first SOO game. I got my tickets the day after SOO1. Alfie was my favourite player as a kid. Then when the team was named and Alfies name was read out. I was super excited that my hero was playing. 
What a night it was. He stared in a very convincing win. He scored a try down the end I was sitting in. Would’ve been perfect if he scored on my side. I was horse for days. It was well worth it
  5. @andysangasong7825 [6 likes]: Freddy and Joey forget when Alfie beat them 3 in a row in 1995😂
  6. @leemarsh6887 [6 likes]: I remember when i was young and it was called australian rugby league (winfield cup) instead of nrl everyone my age all use to say langer when we would step  or make a linebreak or throw a dummy  😂   alfie was the man back then thats what made me decide what team i liked and supported from 1991 till now 2024 its still go the mighty bronx!!!🐴
  7. @JayTribe-e2e [6 likes]: Total disrespect here by hosts of the show.
  8. @Mizpah5 [5 likes]: Alfie. Best half back to ever pull on a jersey. No 1.
  9. @adamm8021 [4 likes]: What's Freddie talking about "never played for Australia....best club player"...Alfie played 24 tests for Australia! "Couldn't kick that good"?? He had the best short kicking game in the comp back then. Short memories boys - or maybe selective memories...
  10. @graymorkem6759 [4 likes]: Never played for Australia? Freddie 😅
  11. @Sulegibongtoo176 [3 likes]: He played 24 tests
  12. @YobaUpi [3 likes]: Imagine the pressure on Allie Langer to come out of retirement from australia rugby league and to come and play in a decider . He is trully a champion and should be am immortal
  13. @jochant8762 [2 likes]: The greatest
  14. @theaussieburgerman9625 [2 likes]: what year did joey play 5/8 outside alfie?
  15. @Grievous- [1 likes]: What a ridiculously uninformed and boring show. I don't know how anyone can watch this.
  16. @punkrockpianist [1 likes]: 4:30 I don’t actually think Joey played 5/8 with Langer at half back.  In 1999 he played hooker and Freddy was 5/8.  What games are they referring to?  Or is their memory hazy?
  17. @Troy-u1x1z: Alfie played 25 tests for Australia including 2 off the bench and one super league test.

Joey played 23 tests for Australia 12 at halfback. 

To say Alfie never played for Australia is so disingenuous.
  18. @lukesimpson3080: Alfie played for Qld 37 times and Australia 25 times. He was more than a club player Freddy.
  19. @06588275: i was at that gsme he was a mile offside all game
  20. @adampickett7518: These two idiots have no idea what they are talking about. Great players but either too many drugs/alcohol or hits to the head.

- State Of Origin 2013, Jonothan Thurston: Kind: captions Language: en with a real challenge in Just 2 minutes show us what is an origin player let me show you why Jonathan thir is such a great player and why Queensland are such a champion team let's go back to the 32nd minute game three last year the blues are leading eight points to four went away to thirst thirst into the back field it's gone to Tate there's trouble here here comes the defense of Cy now thirston now igas then it's gone to Parker got the ball back to thirst thirst scores watch the workings of a champion here here's thirsting behind Cooper K on the right hand side of the field normally he would be over on the left but he sees that New South Wales have got plenty of Defenders out there he comes across to the right because there is an opportunity here with only three players marking 30 odd met of defense line if we look at it from head on you can see thirst come right to left on your screen Cooper Kon is already organizing players to his Ro until he hears a call from thir who tucks him behind right at this point thir makes the call crun responds and as soon as thirst knows he's got the message he will now talk to Brent Tate out wide to say keep Michael Jennings away from me fiday has heard the call he will respond without question and they jump into their running pattern Kon and Fay go to the line Tate runs his role to kick Jennings out wide that gets thirst and one-on-one with Mitchell Pierce that's all the great 58 needs he dummies and bursts into the back field now New South Wales are in tatts Tate looms up on the inside he will link with Kon Kon is tackled Tate hits the ground thirst will trust that his teammate gets up and goes to dummy half Tate knows he needs to be there to release his playmaker thir without thought goes to the left and starts to look at the options down the leftand side of the field Tate gets him the ball thir sees the space out wide and releases it but doesn't rest there he still goes to the game just in case he's needed and needed he is the offload thirst and scribbles and bursts into the tri line brilliant play by a champion player people often ask me what makes an origin player well it's not an easy thing to describe I could pile these words a mile high but the best way is to give you a living breathing example that's Jonathan thirst tonight thir plays his 25th origin game in a row the first ever player to achieve such a milestone there's a champion right there [Music] yes he does Breaking Gary lon's record of 24 games remarkable

  Top Comments:
  1. @crystaltheresavincen [5 likes]: It shows a lot of respect for Johnathan Thurston skills
  2. @deltalima8117 [3 likes]: Great skills, Great talent.
  3. @floodwaters8887 [3 likes]: Shame he played at a  crap side deserved more then 1 premiership
  4. @ts27212 [2 likes]: I love seeing them stack up all those words about him. Absolute champion.
  5. @rolandroma5127 [1 likes]: Awesome
  6. @SushIrblx: This is going on the fyp soon.
  7. @brisbanetim: We will never see another like JT.
  8. @JRPete: QLD fan here. 1:20 That be an obstruction by today's game
  9. @coezi: Note Paul Gallen. In a position to reset himself in the defensive line instead tries to shoulder thurston from offside as Tate plays the ball, then makes a lazy arm high tackle instead of setting himself in the defensive line in front of Tate. This attitude of focusing on trying to 'hurt' QLD all the time was on of the reasons NSW lost so many clutch games.
  10. @robertobrien8593: What a LEGEND no other words
  11. @damiandavey7028: He's an absolute genius and a proud QUEENSLANDER. Definitely a privilege to witness the quickness.
Up the maroons
  12. @ajm82: Definitely Immortal in my book
  13. @JoyfulOceanSunset-bx9ec: I love all the origin players for QLD since Wally was captain and after him
  14. @cianmoriarty7345: Shameful
  15. @The_Bit_Player: JT should be an Immortal. Give the man his flowers.
  16. @jamietutone1494: LEGEND
  17. @darylkanofski9327: Right at the end of the video they say he broke Gary Larson's record for consecutive games palyed and he was also a great Qlder
  18. @camerongateskoim8110: Footy smarts🦁
  19. @wassieghee8181: people say that brother JT  is to skinny and to small can't tackle,but people  was wrong like brother said never give up too deadly brother.💪🏿👊🏿👍🏿🙏🏿
  20. @eseift: I thought it was Johnathan Thurston not Jonothan Thurston

- Smith says goodbye to State of Origin: Kind: captions Language: en there's no greater achievement in rugby league at the time we didn't realize this would be Cameron Smith's last game for Queensland but before he says goodbye tonight let's go back to where it all began to Marsden a blue-collar suburb in Logan and a backyard where he grew up fries man lasagna and dead Wayne family life was all about the outdoors being active having fun Rugby League commentating as he played he joined Logan Brothers and quickly grew a love for the game so it's stay and watch his father coached the under-15s listening learning studying the game he played 5:8 his whole juniors and at age 17 the Melbourne Storm spotted him at accountable designed and went to Brisbane north a couple of years later the storm rain come to Melbourne you playing halfback this weekend his Cameron Smith going through the middle round 5 2002 is in RL de boo after 18 first-grade games he received a call that would change his life it was dead on the phone have you heard heard what dad he said you're playing state of origin son I just heard it on the radio [Applause] Game three at Suncorp Stadium Gordon chalices farewell gaudy told him that you'll never experience anything like running out for the Maroons here at Suncorp the youngest he was right he'd never heard noise like it in 2006 Mehlman Inga became head coach he developed a culture taught them what it meant to play for Queensland the Maroons were on the verge of being the first team to lose 4 Series in a row when Darren Lockyer changed the course of history it was that moment when he realized what a truly meant to play for Queensland [Music] from then on with every kid Smith with the man of the series Cameron Smith is that standing leader through it all has been his wife Bob they met at school in Logan aged 16 and have shared this incredible experience together they're raising their children Jada Jasper and Mathilda in the manner they believe honest hard-working respectful tonight 12 months on he can now say goodbye right here at Suncorp Stadium Queensland's spiritual home the kid from Logan fortunate to play the game he loved here in front of you all on the greatest stage of all you

- Market Profile   Quick Learn Series   Intrabar Halfback: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi everyone this is rajendran from market cows and welcome to market profile real quick learn series this series will be discussing quick introduction to market profile concepts so let's get into the tutorial so in this tutorial we are going to discuss about what is exactly intrabar how pack it so how is nothing but the center of the bar which is nothing but the higher of the bar plus the low of the bar divided by 2 so how bad is nothing but a half back plotted for every letters that is every 30 minute interval that helps traders to spot intraday trading opportunities now let's quickly look into how one can use intra powerpack to spark trading opportunities now what you are looking on the screen is the intra-day simulation on 14 March 2019 it's much contract typically and the white color line which has been shown over here it's so they're typically nothing but intrabar half-packed and that is plotter for each and every letter right so the letter heads you can see that it's currently at eleven thousand thousand hundred and three of t and for the letter i it is currently at thousand eleven thousand three hundred fifty one so typically for each and every bar you will be able to see an half pack so the hop back for letter B letter C is over here and a DS over here so by the way by looking into the half back one will be able to say where exactly the trading money is coming to come under play at this level so probably one of the examples which I'm gonna show now where you can see exactly how the trading money takes the trading decision that's what we are going to look into it and precisely the trading money that comes luckily at the half back of the intrabar are precisely one tick above I want it below the half battery levels right so the J period is about to start here so once you look into the J period let the J period complete and you could be seeing something pretty much interesting about there right so the J period started and it's the half back the intrabar half back is kind of a dynamic reference right and the intrabar of letter J get settles down to one the J period completes so once day period complete and K period started the intrabar halfback settles down so it's kind of a dynamic reference and which has to be looked only on the close of the letters so the current letter which is J which completes by 2:15 p.m. okay so the J is now oscillating back and forth back and forth the 2-way auction process is happening in this typical example and the K period is about to start now let's look something interesting over here the K period is about to start another couple of seconds I just want to purposefully want to show the importance of such kind of for short term and in that a nuances so that one can take opportunities from an intraday trading perspective and the K period is about to start yes now look what the K period is exactly the steam where it's it's coming pretty close to the it's coming pretty close to the J period half back it attaches there and precisely moving there so it's basically the short term players or the Internet is typically the internet' players they look for such kind of how back levels and wherever you have seen this kind of position it is initiated mostly by the trading money and in fact it is also a pull back it's kind of a bounce from the point of control today's point of control you can see it in an a crimson color the brown color line so you can see that the price is exactly bouncing from the half practically the JPL half pack pretty close to that it's mostly trading money so often whenever such kind of move is initiated exactly from the intra Baja pack price always have the odds of coming and returning back and and can take this as an opportunity when you see that the price is completely moving away from the interact price is coming and touching exactly the how bad and exactly moving away from the halfback it's it's sign of and trade initiated by the trading body and that is the potential intraday trading opportunity to expect the price to come and clear back toes KBD a loss to come and clear those exactly we call it as a visual reference price comes back at L period it could see that the l period comes back and clearly snaps back towards those KPD elder law and that is in tremendous odd if you know the skein of information one can play the game in a better manner right at least one lot we get spooked out of this K period all the sudden Spurs more then not get into a long trade right hey thanks for watching market profile quickly learn webinar series we are coming up with trailer 2.0 this April and which is exclusively for exclusive mentorship program for short term and intraday traders to learn market profile and order flow concepts in depth and a very intensive manner in fact we are covering 48 hours of market profile and order flow sessions and 20 hours of live market training along that recorded video access closely we are covering 30-plus market profile trading strategies and 10 plus Auto flow intraday scalping trading strategies right and the exclusive video access will be provided to all the market participants and the I mean the webinar participants and lifetime access will be provided to the market calls private trading community where we talk about market profile and order flow activities day in day out right and thanks for watching see you in the next webinar series thank you once again

- Halfback On Market Profile Chart - GoCharting: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys today we're going to make a small video on how to add half pack period to your market profile chart so half pack period is nothing but the midpoint between the highs and the lows of the candle so here this is a candle so you take the high of the candle to the low of the candle and take an average of that and that's over your huff back so this is somewhere in the middle so normally you would like to see the half pack marked as some kind of some kind of annotation on your split market profiles so let me go ahead and do the settings to kind of activate that so first what you have to do is add the market profile indicator so on the top in the under indicators i go to order flow under order flow i have market profile and i'm on 30 minute nifty chart so i'm gonna go ahead and add the market profile so this is your market profile let me go ahead and make some tweaks to it let me get you the okay so this is the normal market profile chart and let me go ahead and do this okay so this is your market profile chart as we all know and the idea is to kind of view it in a split mode and then activate half back on it right so let's first do the step one which is split mode i go to settings of the indicator and here on the settings i'm going to activate split mode so once it's on the split mode you see that you are not able to view the candles at all right so and the half back period uh in go charting is added as a as an option under the candlestick chart so how do i kind of superimpose one on top of the other right to make this happen so the first step i'm gonna do is i'm gonna click on market profile here a menu is gonna appear object order sent to back now what it will do is it will push the market profile indicator to the back and it will bring the candlestick to the front all right so now that i've done it you can see the candlestick on top of the profiles right so now i'm going to go ahead and do the second step which is activate half pack on the candlestick so i'm going to go ahead and activate half back so now you are able to see the midpoint of the candle which is same as that of the profile right so that's the you know that's how you kind of activate uh half pack on go charting in your market profile chart now if you wish to kind of get rid of the candles one of the ways i can suggest is you just uh make the opacity of each of the candle bodies as zero right so i'm going to go ahead and do that so as i do it you will you'll be left with just a half pack without the candle body the candle wicks here you go so you kind of now as you are able to see that i've got rid of the candle bodies and the candle wigs and all you're left with is these lines in the middle which are basically representing the half pack on your split marker profile thank you for watching this video

  Top Comments:
  1. @bhaviniimbani6408: Bro u can just highlights halfback on tpo itself just lke poc is highlighted  just keep it simple
  2. @djexmurat: mobile app controller not working. idiot mobile app.  no fibo no gann not working.  It doesn't pull to the right or left. you made a crappy mobile app
  3. @mani3raja: Order flow values are not stable... Every referesh values r chaging.. Disappointed..
  4. @tradinganalysis9581: Sir, this setting not working properly in my charts
  5. @tradinganalysis9581: Can you explain in detail. What is meaning halfback how does effect of trading??
  6. @Vikas.007: There's no Support on Go Charting, I want to speak to a HUMAN who can guide me through !!

- Price Action...the “halfback” trade before she goes!: Kind: captions Language: en so you're already aware that that small but noticeable transition is likely to have the markets at least testing the lows maybe not finding any business at the laws but at least testing the and then if you did find for example the price comes back up well the half pack stays roughly about the same then doesn't it the half pack stays sitting here and what happens if the price trades back down to the half back and then moves back towards the top edge that pack must move higher surely must move higher and as the half pack moves lower the trade becomes a before she goes squeeze cell as the half back moves higher squeeze by and that's what we end up seeing yeah it's pretty clear and pretty obvious at times guys it's just you know we present it in different ways at times just to remind you and to refocus your attentions on this the things that are really important you

  Top Comments:
  1. @1946aeeroncatipps [1 likes]: Such a simple, yet powerful understanding.

- What Is the Halfback When Trading?: Kind: captions Language: en all right everybody welcome back so today we're going to talk about the halfback uh I got a little bit of a writeup here that I put together we'll go through this first and then I'll show you some examples so to become familiar with the halfback uh analysis and maybe to develop a trade strategy from that we need to understand it and have examples of it I teach this all the time um and I get people asking you know hey okay you taught me this but how am I supposed to trade with it I really try not to to publicly show people how to trade like that for one thing I reserve that for my coaching clients but for the other reason if I tell you one way to trade something you're only going to ever think of it that way if I show you uh a behavior that price does then you can build a trade strategy from that that suits you because some people like to play a mean reversion and some people like to play the actual move the other part of this is I can tell you something and you might kind of sort of believe me but when you can prove it to yourself and you have 100% faith in what you just learned you'll trade it completely different it's easy to nod our head and listen to somebody tell us something and kind of sort of agree with them but not really trust them because we haven't really examined it enough to grow that trust so with this to become familiar with the halfback when we're using it in analysis and maybe to develop a trade strategy from it I need you to understand it and then hopefully I need you to find examples of it I'm going to show you some but the more that you can find on your own the more often that you can prove to yourself that this is a valid way to analyze and approach the market the better you will perform when you try to use this whether you're using it only for analysis or if you're setting it up for a trade this will provide some insight into what the halfback can and cannot do while also providing some possible considerations to that strategy development this understanding has to come from the charts again no one will ever be able to convince of the halfbacks power and no one will ever teach it to you enough to make you trusted the only way you're ever going to trust is to witness it and examine it until you fully understand it and you're ready to apply it it's not just for this strategy either or even for this concept of the halfback every single thing about trading whether it's a moving average balance a macd crossover um the power of a dogee and a hammer and a shooting star are it doesn't matter what it is we can talk about these things and you can read them and watch videos but you're never going to really have that trust until you have that understanding and the only way you're going to have that understanding is by going out and finding it and applying it into the past enough to where you can start to anticipate it in the future there's multiple uses of the halfback we can use it for analysis and support and resistance levels we can use it for breakouts and breakdowns we can use it for entries and exits we can also use it for stop placements the halfback can be extended beyond the next candle which is really awesome by the way and you can leave it on the chart until it has been tested by price I'll try to find you an example of that too the halfback can also be applied across multiple time frames on both the analysis side and the trading side so you might have a halfback on a a 30 minute chart and be trading that halfback on a two-minute chart to begin the process of using the halfback it's advised that you learn to recognize all of these various approaches and to do that we start on the higher time frame charts weekly or daily and we just begin moving the chart one candle at a time to evaluate if there was a halfback event once we find a halfback event we can pause there and begin to analyze that event start with that time frame and consider what happened consider where it happened was price at the top or the bottom of a range was there a pattern like a belt hold or a star I like to use evening stars and morning stars but I I just call them stars did price Gap into that halfback at the open or fall into it at the open was it support or was it resistance once we're done looking at those two candles on the time frame that you found it on consider marking it out and then dropping down into a smaller time frame chart for further evaluation on the lower time frame chart what happened when price reached that halfback level what did the volume do when price got there what can we learn from this and take away from this event after looking at things on that lower time frame we want to go back to the earlier time frame and continue to look for more halfback events okay so nice little write up let's kind of look at some of these charts I'm on a daily chart I got the Spy using um this for the halfback analysis look at each day and look at how the previous day's halfback level offered support or resistance I marked in red the days where we didn't have this event and then I circled the first halfback that I found working from the right to the left we can see this big old Hammer here and then we've got the event a halfback event so here the red day the dogee with the long tail was measured and we mark the halfback level the evening star reversal that came next bounced off of that halfback and then rallied up into the end of the day notice it's a a green candle and it's filled it's not a green candle that's Hollow when we get a green candle that's Hollow that means it opened and it ran and then it closed higher than it opened what this is saying is that it opened up here and it fell and closed lower than where it opened but it's still closed higher than the previous close which is why it's filled green instead of hollow green so this was a halfback we closed here and the market gapped up tried to break out and fail fell all the way down bounced on that halfback level rallied all the way back up and closed higher than the previous day's close so that halfback worked here we've got another one I went ahead and continued to Mark out the ones we don't want to look at we had this crazy big bullish bar and in this example I circled the second halfback we found because we had the first one already and we can now look at uh a little bit more detail where I put on measurement red Hollow candle indicates that the candle closed higher than it opened but lower than the previous close so just like in the last example where we had a filled green candle instead of a hollow green candle most of the time red candles are not Hollow when they are that means that price actually closed higher than where it opened but lower than the previous close and so that's why it's a hollow red one so we can kind of game this out we closed here gapped down into the halfback and then rallied back up to close off of that low but we still held that halfback right so another halfback example now you're probably thinking so what man I day trade I I don't do you know the uh the daily stuff but all of these things had an intraday event right they're easy to find on The Daily so that we can mark them and then go into the smaller time frames but finding them on the daily is where the easiest work is done once we've got them marked we can go into the smaller time frames and look at them in better detail and find the volumes there so here I've got another halfback using the same candle right that big bar but we're also using this turning candle here I love that bar I love that setup so looking at it in better detail we can see the halfback that's actually where it gapped up and opened and then it ran so uh break above a halfback absolutely awesome stuff all right so these are just a couple of examples and on the intraday you can find the same thing right a lot of examples but you have to do that sort of work you want to go in find the examples study them in detail really look at what price did when it got to that level try to evaluate and understand why did it bounce off the level and reject why did it make it through the level and continue to go on how would we want to use that in a trade were there any other things that we could have looked at to help give us some more clues as to what price was going to do when it did get to that level those are the kind of things that will help you better understand how you want to trade with it if you are even going to trade with it maybe you just want to use it for analysis so there you go the halfback in better detail the first video I think right I I think maybe a couple more of these videos on a smaller time frame would be really useful but want to keep them short keep them to the point and today I think we covered a lot you want to just work through these steps a little bit at a time continue to prove to yourself that that halfback level has value and you're not just looking for it to be a support or resistance right whether price you know manages to break through all the time or fails to break through all the time but better you want to understand what price is doing when it does get to that level if it looks like it's going to break through how can we tell and what can we do with it if it looks like it's not going to break through what does that mean for us and is there a trade because of that looking at it from More Than Just A Line in the Sand where you know it's a binary event of win or lose and higher or lower but what does it mean for us on the trading day and what are we going to do if it does reject or if it does hold and we break through everybody I appreciate your time I look forward to seeing you at the next video

  Top Comments:
  1. @bryonseilerXauBry0716: Very cool information. Man. That's powerful for scalping futures. Thank you.

- Structure Halfback Trade: Kind: captions Language: en thank you we started to see some absorption prints so I was trailing down behind this with a bio stop order until we basically started to see the the there was a few Sailors coming in here so I wasn't going to get too too aggressive in here with the book going offered but I like the idea obviously we told you earlier about the 24 25 print here so I was watching that as a storyline unfold and obviously I was very very keen to try my luck on a little cheeky buy opportunity just in there and obviously that trying my luck on that 24 obviously paid off beautifully as we treated 23.75 my buy stop order get taken in and we just rallied up to 30 as fast as you like there beautiful little quick scalp trade nice profits and uh a brilliant little bit of money on the basis of how that played out but it does look like it's now a lower hold it looks like the market sentiment is in on the short sale so obviously that's the basic idea of this concept is to make sure you understand that at the moment until this market now structurally breaks 4140s you're looking to sell these pullbacks into premium prices and obviously now it's all just about simply doing your structure analysis finding your finding your Defending Your half back areas finding your trade areas finding your narratives recognizing a couple of little areas that you might want to do some business into and then obviously looking into those little areas for possible short sales and pullbacks checking your value see if it ties in and if it does watching the order flow for the trade to develop thank you foreign

- Halfback Blueprint Pt 2: EXECUTION & CONTROL: Kind: captions Language: en Most young halfbacks want to run the team, but they haven't even learned how to run a play properly. They try to control the game before they can control defenders. They want to be the general, but they haven't earned that rank yet. And this is where taking a structured approach to your training and development comes in. Now, this is part two of how to actually play halfback. And if you haven't watched part one yet, go back and do that first because everything we're covering today builds directly on top of that. In part one, we introduced the halfback pyramid, a three tier model that builds your game from the ground up. Tier one is close quarters, where you master everything in the immediate space around you, your individual skill set and your physical attributes. Tier two is the engagement zone, where you learn how to actually execute plays, run block shapes, sweep movements, and engage defenders with purpose. And tier three is command and control, where you manage the game, lead your team, and take full control of tempo and direction. We'll cover tier three in part three, so make sure you keep an eye out for when that drops. But in today's video, we're looking at tier two, the engagement zone. Now, just quickly before we get started, for those of you who don't know me, my name is Joe Murphy. I co-founded League Fit Academy nine years ago to help educate young rugby league players about how to build their body, their skills, and their mind. And we now work with thousands of players across six different continents right around the globe. Now, let's start by looking at tier two of the halfback pyramid or what we call the engagement zone. Okay, this is where you actually execute plays, block shapes, sweep movements, X players, anything and everything designed to engage the defensive line, manipulate defenders, and pull that defensive line apart. essentially trying to put opposition defenders under as much pressure as possible and causing them to make poor decisions and bad defensive reads that can lead to broken tackles, strong runs, line breaks, and ultimately try scoring opportunities. Now, before you start working on this area, you need to be sure you've got tier one covered because if your catch pass isn't up to scratch, it won't matter how well you run the play if you can't hit the receiver every time with a decent pass. But let's just assume that your catch pass is on point. You now need to run the shape that you're going to be using in a game. And in this context, when I say shape, I'm talking about running your part in the actual play. So, for argument sake, let's take what is sometimes called an X plus. An X plus is simply when you receive the ball, look to pull a runner, a runner underneath, you don't hit him, you dummy to him, and then you hit a receiver on your outside. Now, there's a ton of variations to this play, but we're just looking at a nice normal boring or vanilla flavored version of the play. When done like this, it's pretty straightforward and it's a very common play used from, you know, under tens right through to NRL level. But just because it's straightforward, it doesn't mean that it's simple. And here's the thing. In a minute, I'm going to be telling you that you need to be running this player down the park on your own. And you need to be getting in 20, 30, maybe even 40 reps to build up that muscle memory so that when you're in a game situation, you've got that really high level of both confidence and competence to be able to execute execute it perfectly every time. Um, but to get to that point, you're going to have to run an absolute ton of reps. But there's an old saying that's still floating around that says practice makes perfect. Now, this is wrong. incorrect, stupid. Right? Practice doesn't make perfect. Practice makes permanent. Um, and I'll say that again because repetition deepens the impression. Practice makes permanent. So, if you're practicing the play incorrectly, then when it comes to the game, you'll also run that play incorrectly. So, how do you fix it so that you can run the play the right way at both training and during the game? Well, there's three keys you need to remember when running any play. First, you must play straight. Second, get your spacing right. And thirdly, you need to communicate. Now, you need to make sure that you incorporate all three key elements because if even one is missing, the play will break down or fail completely. Think of it like a three-legged stool. Take away just one leg and the whole thing collapses. You're left on the ground flat on your back looking and feeling like a bit of a goose. Um, and if you leave out any one of these three, that's exactly what's going to happen whenever you try to run the play. So, let's have a closer look at each of them right now. Uh, key number one is to play straight. This is the biggest mistake a half can make, which is to drift across sideways, bringing the defense with you as you go. Playing straight means you need to square up. Square your hips up so that they're pointing straight up and down the field and not pointing at 45° out towards the sideline. What this means is that you need to run directly at defenders to hold them and fix them in place. This prevents defenders from sliding across the field and it opens up space for support runners. So let's have a look at what happens when you straighten up with the ball in hand. Uh this O is you. You receive the ball running an overs line and then straighten up. The defender you run at X now needs to make a decision. Does he straighten up on you as well? Because if he does, then that creates space on his outside shoulder. And these days, that's the exact gap that the lead runner in a block play is looking to run into. So, let's say he straightens up, but the defender on his outside shoulder doesn't. He keeps moving up and out. You as the half then hit the lead runner, or is it sometimes called the front door, and he goes through, the attack wins. Here's an example of this from Origin when Nathan Clearary hits lead runner Liam Martin who goes straight through. Now, if we run it again, this time the defender that's marking up on you doesn't see you as a running threat, and they don't straighten up at all, but rather keep sliding, which gives you as the half the opportunity to try to beat that a defender on his outside shoulder with your speed, which is often more than doable because that player is typically a bigger, slower forward. Again, attack wins. Here's an example. As Jamal Fog, he squares up to the defense, but the defense keeps sliding, allowing him to go through. Okay, so we've looked at squaring up and going yourself. If your opposite number doesn't square up, but rather continues pushing out, we've looked at hitting the lead runner in a block shape. If your opposite number does decide to square up on you, but the defender on his outside shoulder doesn't square up, leaving space for that lead runner to go into. So, what if your opposite number squares up on you and the defender on his outside shoulder also squares up on the lead runner in the block shape? What do you do then? Simple. You just go out the back to what's called the sweeper, the sweep play, or the back door runner. Any of those names. Because this is what you need to understand. In a nutshell, your main goal as a ball player is to take initiative and make the defensive line react to what you're doing. Once they react, you can take advantage of that. But you have to make them react. Taking that final example we just used where your opposite number squared up on you and the defender to his outside also squared up on the lead runner in the block shape where you pass the ball out the back to the sweeper. What are the options from here? Well, it really depends on how the rest of the defensive line reacts to the two defenders that have straightened up because if they keep sliding, then there'll be a gap right there that the sweeper for him just to run straight through. Attack wins again. Here's an example of the hammer doing just that for the Dolphins. Okay, but what if the whole Dline squares up? If this happens, even for a moment, space will have been created on the outside. Then it's up to the attacking side to take advantage of that space created. Here's the Tigers doing just that, going through the hands to finish it off in the corner. But all of this started because the half squared up. He straightened the attack and he forced the defensive line to make a decision. Or as as you you know you often hear rugby league commentators on the TV say they'll refer to someone like Nathan Clearary, Tom Didden or or Ponga and they'll say that player asks a lot of questions of the defensive line, right? So remember whenever you're running any kind of play, don't continually crab sideways, but instead square your hips up, run at a player, forcing him to make a decision. Be the half that asks questions of the defensive line. Now, the second key is to get your spacing right. And what that often means is usually to get deeper. Okay? There's nothing more common than seeing a side run shape and ball worker training look a million dollars doing it, but once they get into a game, it all breaks down. Now, yes, an opponent rushing up in your face will cause players to get things wrong. Um, so can the pressures of simply playing a game with family, friends, and a crowd watching, but this is why spacing is even more important. When pressure is applied in a game-like situation, depth often disappears, which takes away a side's ability to run that play properly. To give you an example of this, have you ever noticed how bands often play their songs faster live than they do on the actual recording? You know, that's adrenaline and momentum in action. When they're on stage, the energy is high, the crowd's buzzing, and even without meaning to, the band starts to speed up everything. Why? Because excitement and pressure make you want to go faster. It makes you want to rush things. Now, it's exactly the same with footy. um you get the ball, the Dline's charging out at you, your brain speeds everything up, and suddenly your spacing is off, your timing is off, and the play breaks down. A counter to this is to know that that's going to be the case and run your training reps 10 to 15% deeper than you otherwise would. That way, when you're in a game situation, that natural increase in, you know, excitement, energy, pressure will put you right where you need to be. So, always be mindful of your spacing. Now, the third and the final key is you need to communicate properly. Effective communication means that every player on the field knows exactly what they need to do within the structure of the play that you're about to run. Okay? And as a half, you're the one responsible for making that happen. If the play breaks down, that's on you. Um, now, we'll talk about this more in the next episode when we look at tier three of the halfback pyramid. But as a half, you need to understand that it's not enough to just call the play. You need to be the one orchestrating it. That means telling your lead runner where to go and reminding your sweet player how deep he needs to be sitting. Sometimes that's verbal. Other times it could be a glance, a nod or a hand gesture. But that communication has to be clear, sharp, and confident. Let's say you're running a basic block shape to the right. You've got a lead runner jamming in and a sweeper out the back and a center who's waiting for the ball. Before the play even starts, you've called the shape two plays ahead loud enough for everyone involved to get themselves into position. You point at your lead runner. Let's say his name's Henry. Henry, hit headgear's inside shoulder. He now knows you want him to run at the inside shoulder of the guy in the headgear. You glance at your full back out the back and you say, "Get deeper. They've been rushing us all day." He listens. He gets deeper. That two to three seconds of direction can be the difference between a play that works and a play that doesn't. So, communication isn't just about talking. It's about creating clarity so the players around you know exactly what they need to do. That's communication. So, here's the bottom line. You can't get good at this by just watching footy or running a play once or twice at training. You need to get the reps in over and over again. You've got to do it both on your own and with your team. You've got to do it at full speed and you've got to do it under pressure because it's only with repetition that you start to develop the timing, the instincts, and the confidence to execute it when it actually matters. And every single time you're practicing your shape, you must remember to play straight, get your spacing right, and communicate clearly. If you miss even one of these, the whole thing will fall apart. Now, if you haven't already watched part one where we broke down the close quarters game, go back and check that out because without that base, none of this works. And keep your eyes out for part three where we'll go in depth on the final tier which is command and control. And that is how you build your game the right way from the ground up. Trust me because I'm Joe and Joe knows.

  Top Comments:
  1. @DimitriHantas [1 likes]: Thankyou, this is a really good series video. At what ages do you see young half-backs start progressing through each stage? Love your content!
  2. @Moneyalmenial [1 likes]: Part one:
https://youtu.be/VHIujY8aBA4
  3. @solo6810: Awesome video 

4:40 Mitchell Moses*

- How To Pass Like A Pro Halfback: Kind: captions Language: en hey guys crunchy here now today I'm just going to teach all your halfbacks out there how to actually pass cuz a really good coach short me so this is all you do put your back foot put place your back foot where the ball is see like this and then put your front foot out out in the direction of your F what you want to do is lean back put your hands on the ball and then all in one motion like that right to the F that's all I've got for you today remember go the Reds h

- Basic halfback pass for Big Fellas: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] [Applause] few big fellas out here remember to get beg for close to the bull chest over the ball and finish through to the target

- How to be the best ever Halfback: Kind: captions Language: en rugby league the greatest game of all naturally or scenarios in a row rugby league is a contact sport played by many across Australia New Zealand in the world involves 13 players on the field and each team only have up to six tackles before they might lose the ball rugby league involved to jewelry hand-eye coordination fitness because upper-body strength the position I in focus on is halfback she involves all those skills the other chief playmaker of the team he's played by many but only conquered myself the position halfback is a main playmaker who's involved in setting up and scoring tries kicking the ball in making tackles knowing in the attacking in defensive structure of the team and the other team is very important as a halfback fitness is a capability or the body of disability inhaled oxygen to muscle tissue to increase physical outlet if your team has good fitness they can then boost in set after set having an advantage of the opposition a jury is ability to quickly change body position or direction of the body a hot pack of gradually can evade a defense which can then lead to a try Benji Marshall is a great example of a heart that gradually as they used to be on school from in there on the field which is a weakened step and eye coordination is the way in which your hands and eyes work together especially in sport that you can throw hit in catch a ball the halfback also known as a playmaker or the team needs good hand-eye coordination as they're regularly involved in catching passing and keeping the ball up what are you strength placing the strength of your upper body you holding your chest arms and shoulders identified having great upper body strength means you both break tackles as well as tackling bigger players as a half package lots more than other players on the field Ben hunt has been known to a shrug off other players when its way to the Charlie there's two different types of energy system when being anaerobic which is broken down into ATP such PC and lactic acid with the other one being aerobic they're both used in rugby league anaerobic is when you do short exercises the intervals anaerobic we use an NRL and you pass or kick the foot keep the ball and you make a tackle and take it up this is broken down into ATP - Pete see in lactic acid ATP such PC is made up of an adenine triphosphate ATP in fostering kratie PC it gives immediate energy to have already given fuel for 10 to 20 seconds or less so the energy comes from stored high energy phosphate or lactic acid is a byproduct of the energy system this time it doesn't use option that releases energy usually occurs when doing intense exercise aerobic is used to keep a steady pace I've been having per second who says the defending in attacking without a break you

  Top Comments:
  1. @senem1769 [2 likes]: Im the water boy so what do I do?
  2. @kroczgod [1 likes]: Thanks man. I have been playing fullback for about 5 years but have been but on half-back. I will definitely use these tips.
  3. @MMMSS1: Thanks I’m a half back and I needed that
  4. @defaultboi6714: These are good tips but not all of them are true
  5. @evenphatterrat736: I’m a halfback
  6. @prosoccerstar6747: Ok now I know

- james little halfback passing speech: Kind: captions Language: en J AKA snake can make a perfect pass 100% of the time that's all's coaching n just kidding it's practice practice practice like many legendary half a half pass occurs when the player has been tackled with the ball and the rock is formed like so and the halfback uses this pass to clear the ball from the bottom of the Rock predom ly to the first five as fast as you can like so before you start you have to warm up well to prevent any sort of injury the three main muscle groups are half B uses are quadriceps to warm up this muscle you'll do lunges like so squats help squats to make this exercise effective you would repeat this multiple times for deltoids you'll do some circular Motions like so to make this warm up effective you would mix it up with smaller and larger circles last of all the wrist last of all the wrist all you'll do for this is move your wrist backwards and forwards to loosen them up now you're ready for the pass put both hands firmly on the ball bend your knees slightly with one knee closer to the ball like then all

- They Left Florida and Ended up Here - The Halfback Migration to Wilmington NC: Kind: captions Language: en Let's talk about Wilmington, North Carolina, shall we? I think we should. Welcome back to another episode of Port City Living. I am your host, Billy Corbett. I am a real estate agent and I am a native Wilmingtonian. Well, not really Wilmingtonian. I grew up in Bergall, but close enough. So, I say I'm from the Wilmington area and uh this show is all about what it's like to live in this great part of North Carolina. And um I have a few show notes that I want to share with you before I jump into the episode. Um if you've been following my career, you know that I have um this podcast and I have a YouTube channel, both called Port City Living. They pretty much do the same thing. Um and I've decided to decided to marry them together. Uh, so now I'm going to start videotaping um my podcast sessions so that you can not only hear me, but you can hear me and see me. Yes. Yay for you. Aren't you excited? So, um I'm I'm really thrilled to be able to do that. And um another big change that we've got is that if you've been following the uh the podcast for the past two years, you'll know that I've been co-hosting with my really good friend Brad Brown. But uh for some reason this season we're not able to get our schedules lined up and we just can't seem to nail each other down and so we have decided to let me go solo. Uh so unfortunately Brad is not going to be with us anymore. We did record one episode which is the first one of the third season that that came out a couple of weeks ago. It's a really good episode. Um you should give it a listen. But um unfortunately you're just going to have to deal with me. So um so th those are those notes. I'm thrilled to be able to bring this to you. I'm going to I'm going to try to make these episodes short and sweet and uh and give you a little bit of uh information that I I think might be useful for you. At least I hope it will. Um I'm also going to start the shows uh with some event information for you just to kind of give you a tidbit of what's going on in the Wilmington area. And if you are are from here and you want to do some of this thing these things I talk about or if you are planning on visiting for the weekend that I'm talking about then you know put it in your mental filing cabinet or whatever it is you do. Um and something else too um I have notes here and um since I'm getting older I'm going to read some of this stuff because I can't remember it all. So just know that if you're watching me I'm probably going to read some of this. But uh so uh the first uh well the event that I want to tell you about u mark your calendars for March 28th it is um Feast Wilmington here in Wilmington. This is an event that we do every year and it's it really is a a true event that really makes you feel like you're a Wilmingtonian and and you're really part of the Capefir area. Um it's a great event. It's a food event. It happens down at Live Oak Park Bank Pavilion. Live Oak Park Bank Pavilion. That is such a mouthful. I wish they would change that name. Um, but it's down there. It's at our pavilion right on the Cape River. So, it's going to be good food, local chefs, local restaurants. Uh, the atmosphere is going to be great because you're right there on the Capefare River. Um, and uh, it's going to be a fun time and I think you should check it out. Mark your calendars. March 28th. I'm actually going to put the uh, link for the tickets down in the show notes so you can click on that. I think there's like uh various levels of tickets that you can buy from what I saw. Um, different levels of experience. So, have at it. I've never actually done this event, I will say, disclosure, but I have a lot of friends that have done it, and they said it is incredible. So, go check it out, have some fun, get some good food. Okay, now let's jump into this episode. So, I want to talk to you about a uh a group of people that live here in the Wilmington area. And they have a specific name. And uh this name is called Halfbacks. Have you heard of them? You're thinking like, "What in the world is a halfback?" Okay, so if you're from this area, then you probably know what I'm talking about and you're probably smiling right now, right? If you are living in Wilmington and you don't know what it is, there's a really good chance that you probably are a halfback. So, let me let me just break it down for you. Here's the 411 on what a halfback is. Okay. So, basically, you've got people that live um or or are from like New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Connecticut. That's where we hear a lot of people come from when they relocate. Um and uh they are sick and tired. They're they're fed up with the um the the cost of living. They're fed up with um the house prices and what you get for the money. The taxes are outrageous. And the winters are, I hear, just a nightmare. And so they're like, "Where can we go that's on the East Coast? That might be the opposite of what we have." And so they think, "Oh, let's go to Florida. That sounds fun." And so they sell their property, pack their little truck up, and they go down to Florida. They get them a great place and it's and it's great. The sun is out, the palm trees are blowing in the breeze and it's wonderful until they have a reality check and they're like, "It is really hot here." And it is very hot in Florida, especially if you've ever been to Key West. It's extremely hot down there. We I went once and I thought I was going to die. And so, and and they're like, "The sun is shining." And it's not like a beach day shining. It's like a the sun is literally trying to murder me shining. And you know, let let's not forget about the hurricanes and they get hit from both sides of the state and you know, the political climate's not that great and they got bugs and they're like, "Ah, we can't do this anymore. We've got to go. We've got to go." So, they know they don't want to go back home because that's not good. They know they can't stay where they are because that's not good either. So, where are they going to go? So, they start looking at the map and they kind of travel up and they're like, "Oh, there's this little hump that sticks out. What's this? This is North Carolina. Hm. This might be fun." Now remember I told you this show is about Wilmington, North Carolina, right? This is where they land. Wilmington, North Carolina. Now obviously not everybody comes to Wilmington. I get that. But it does seem like that, especially to locals, people that are from here. They feel like we are inundated with people from up north. And that is true. That that is true. And and that's been especially true of the case since CO and and it's been um true of people coming from all other parts of of the country. Um but it just seems more more prevalent and happening more right now. But this is what I find to be very very interesting. Um the whole concept of people moving here from up north is not a phenomenon. It's been happening for a very long time. So if you are in downtown Wilmington and you are touring around and you're looking at some of these historical homes, um pay attention to the plaques on the outside of these houses. They're typically right by the front doors. These plaques have some really, really good information about like when the house was built, who built it, who owned it, different families that lived in it in different periods of time, um maybe what these families did for living here in the Wilmington area. Um maybe even some significant architectural changes that were made to the house. And uh you'll find that there was a lot of people from up north that moved here and built these houses or lived in some of these houses. So that that that's quite interesting. Now granted, they probably weren't halfbacks. They probably didn't go to Florida and then come back then. Um because in the 1800s or late 1800s, Wilmington was the biggest city in North Carolina. It was a bustling port town and so there was a lot of people moving here from lots of different places. So I find it very very very interesting. And so um some of the things that I think people from other areas or halfbacks might assume when they come here is that one, it's really cheap to live here. Um and I get that. Um it probably looks cheap housing wise to some of them because housing up north is so expensive and you don't get much for it. So, you know, they come here and they find, you know, relatively nice homes for what they think is a relatively affordable price and and they think they're living in a mansion. However, um there are those who um are from this area that u feel that squeeze because we have seen prices elevate quickly and for a lot of money over the years. And I've actually heard from a lot of locals that say, you know, I'm from here and I can't even afford to live in my own town. And that's that's really really sad. But what do you do? Uh the other thing I think they assume is that taxes are relatively low and very affordable here. And that would not be a myth. That is actually true. Our taxes uh here in this area are very low compared to many other places in this country. So um we're fortunate in that way. Some locals might not think that we did have a pretty good tax hike last year. Um, a lot of people complained. They got a lot of calls. Um, but I think overall, you know, for where we are and what we have here, our taxes are relatively low. And then the other big thing is people come here for our weather. And um, you know, they're mostly right about that. We've got um all four seasons. Um, some of them are longer than others. Um, our winters are not that bad. Winter comes, says hello. Sometimes it dumps some snow on us. Sometimes it doesn't. We got snow last year. We got snow this year. Um uh our our summers are are can get hot. They can get very sticky, very very humid. Um our springs are beautiful. Our our springs in Wilmington are very be I mean everything's budding. Everything's gorgeous. Um especially our coveted Aelia. Um, as a matter of fact, I'm recording this on March 9th and I was just out walking my dog a couple of days ago and um, I noticed that some of the aelas in my neighborhood are already blooming. And so that's awesome because we have our amazing Aelia Festival coming up here the 1 of April that um, that Wilmington is known for, the North Carolina Aelia Festival. that's coming up really soon and everybody's geared up for that and getting ready and it's a it's a really it's a really it's a lot of fun. It it really is. Um now actually now that I say that um if you've been listening to my podcast and if not go back to season one and uh listen to uh one of the episodes that we did about the Aelia Festival and Brad and I actually interviewed the president at that time of the festival. We talked about its history. We talked about some of the events that go on during it. It's it's really good. Um, so go back and take a listen to that. I think you'll find that very interesting. But, um, um, you know, um, there there's a a few things about this area that I think we'll say halfbacks or people that are from other areas of the country maybe don't realize that we are a little bit different. Um, we our culture is different down here. We are a little bit slower paced. Um, theos hospitality of the southerns are it is real. It's a thing. But it's a two-way street. And I think if a lot of people come here and they embrace it, then it's going to embrace you back. Um, if you push against it, you're probably not going to land very well because Southerners don't like to change. And, you know, sometimes I think a lot of locals feel that it's unfair when people from other areas of the country come in and try to force changes on other people. You know, we could go on and on about that, but just know, embrace the southernness because I can honestly tell you, I have sold houses to a lot of people from other other parts of the country, mainly up north. Um, and and they become Wilmington's biggest fans. They love it. They they immerse themselves in it. They become southern. They might not sound it, but they become southern in many other ways. So, they come here for the taxes and for the weather, and they fall in love with everything else that we have to offer. And it's absolutely amazing. And and they're welcome. I mean, everybody's welcome. That's you know what, guys? That's the good thing about living in this country is that we can up and move to different states that have different ideas and uh different um climates and different cultures and the the way we say things and the way we um refer to things. So, that's that's the glory about living here. So, we we welcome everybody, you know, and I'm not just saying that because I'm a real estate agent, you know. It's it's really true. Um, so, um, the only thing I would say say is maybe if you're going to move here, um, just be very mindful of how you drive because the traffic here is insane. I mean, we just talked about it in episode one. It's one of my rants that I have and I rant about it all the time. There's a lot of people here. The traffic is really bad. And for the love of God, learn how to use a roundabout. Please, I I beg you. And that's going to be its whole episode in itself coming very, very soon. Just trust me. So, okay, that's what I have for you. That is my episode one or episode two rather. Uh, episode one by myself. Um, it's about the halfbag story. I think it's kind of funny. I think it's educational. I hope you found it. So, please leave some leave me some comments if you do. Um, and if you're one of those or becoming one of those or maybe if you live here already and you need some pointers or some tips, then hit me up. That's what I'm here for. I'm a I'm a native of the area. I'd love to point you in the right direction to all of the fun places to eat, the holes in the walls, the any anything in between. That's exactly what I am here for. This this place, Wilmington, and the surrounding area, it is not perfect. I I I will never say that it's perfect, but it is a great place to live and it gets in your bones and it gets in your blood and you do love it. I I have lived here my whole life except for two times. I moved away to Charlotte um once for a couple of years. I moved to Greensboro for a couple of years. both incredible cities, much bigger than Wilmington, but Wilmington drew me back and um and it's just a fantastic place to live and I love talking about it. So, um I'm going to do my best to put out uh uh an episode every two weeks. Um and I'm really excited about this new format and I'm I really hope you find it educational. Please consider sharing it with your family and subscribing and uh give me a thumbs up on YouTube. I greatly appreciate it. And give me those comments. I'd love to hear from you. Um and go out there and find you some aelas. Take your picture with them. Post them on Instagram, Facebook, whatever you want to do. I think it's uh it's totally worth it. You'll love it. Spring is coming, y'all. Spring is coming. Thanks for tuning in. I'm Billy. This is Port City Living, Wilmington Unfiltered. And take care of each other. Please go out there and take care of each other and make this world a better place. I beg of you. You can do it. I know you can. Until next time. Bye, everybody.

- A 110kg tackler moving at 2 5 ms meets head on and holds on to an 82kg halfback moving at 5 0 ms  Wh: Kind: captions Language: en so in this qu we have two run into each other we have 100 kilogram tackler that is moving at 2.5 m/ second and it meets head on to a 20 82 kilogram half back that's moving at 5 m/ Second it's a head on collision so they should be obsid and then they clide together and they hold on to each other so now they become just one huge mess moving together and we're trying to figure out how this moves so firstly um let's decide um a positive direction because since they moving in opposite directions one will have a positive velocity and one will have a negative velocity and let's just cause this positive so and let's cause cular a and the Half Back B so now we have ma equals the mass of the tler is 110 kg and the velocity is 2.5 m/s for halfback we have mbal 82 kg and its velocity is negative since it's moving opposite direction so this is what happens and this is all before Collision so we go initial what about final that is after Collision after Collision Zer is really just this one huge mess because say hold on to each other so we can think of them as a whole and that is just 192 kilg and we're looking foros and in section two all we need to know is the conservation ofion which means for any isolated system without external forces the momentum will be the same before and after the collision and this is the equation we'll be needing here before the Collision the momentum is just the momentum is addition of their separate momentum plus mbvb and of course V is velocity which is also vector and after the Collision it's just big n you need a total mass because they really become one particle and the total velocity and we already know M VA we know MV and V and we M and we're looking for V so we've got all we need then we just rearrange this equation so we have m a VA a plus MB VB over M and we plug in all the numbers and we have 110 kilg * 2.5 m/ second um plus2 kg * 5 m/ Second but this is negative and divided by2 kg that actually gives us um I just try to make this a little bit clearer 5 because it's in the opposite direction that gives us netive 0.7 m/s what does this netive mean this netive means that after because this is a positive direction and this is a negative Direction so having a negative Direction means after the Collision it will actually move this way so for the tackler he would actually turn and go back in where he comes from so after the Collision they will be moving in the direction of the half back before the Collision so if you just happen to Define um the direction is the other way if you originally defined halfback to be the positive direction then you'll get a positive 0.7 but it Al the sign is just a way to tell you which direction it's moving it's moving in how in the direction that the halfback was moving and magnitude is 0.7 so that is the mutual speed um after the Collision

- Deep Half-Guard to the Truck | Deep Half-Guard Concepts: Kind: captions Language: en a big problem that i see that guys have when they try to go deep when they try to rotate to the other side they're squeezing so hard on their partner that they can't rotate so when they're here and they're like and they try to pull them and they end up kind of like flat on their back they're pinching everything too much all right what are we doing today tim hi guys so uh today what we're gonna go over is just like a nice easy simple uh deep half guard entry and i'll just go over some of the concepts and things i like to look out for and do when i'm in deep half good all right so we're going to start in half guard with like a knee shield whenever i'm in this position guys as always remember i want to be on my side elbows on the inside of my knees controlling uh this hand right here i don't want him to put me back flat okay from here i gotta get up and get my underhook okay so i gotta do an underhook sit up so right from here all i'm gonna do is my leg that has the knee shield see how it's like in his armpit i'm just gonna kick that through and at the same time i'm gonna get my underhook with my top hand so i'm gonna go like this right here now once i get up here guys my head position is very important okay i don't want to have my head like this okay because he's gonna go over he's gonna choke me i'm like almost i'm breaking my own posture so when i sit up with the underhook my head has to be right here okay right on his shoulder okay just like this almost like his shoulder peck so now if he tries to uh get up and go get the guillotine it's gonna be hard you can't give it to me from him okay but the moment that i bring my head in like this i'm kind of letting him set up guillotine or set up the uh dars choke and all these other submissions okay so always make sure hand right here good head positioning even though i'm on the bottom my head positioning is very important all right so now so i have my good head position i'm on my elbow now we're going to go deep okay so when i go deep guys i like that you got to feel your partner you know what i mean you got to go off of the feeling that your partner gives you a lot of times the guy is going to be pushing weight into you trying to put you back you know what i mean so i i want that little bit of of weight into me if i feel that weight into me that's when i know it's going to be easier to redirect that weight and go under my partner okay so if he's sitting you know back too much or or if his weight is kind of not in the right spot if i don't feel him put that little bit of pressure on me it's going to be sometimes a little harder to get underneath all right so right from here the hand that has the underhook i'm going to go and i'm just going to reach and grab like his his hamstring like right under his butt cheek okay so i go from here right under his butt cheek okay now this hand here my hand that's on the elbow is gonna dive through so right from here good positioning i go down under his now this hand's gonna dive through now as i dive through guys look what i do with my legs i lift my legs straight up and i'm pinching together okay we'll do that one more time with the lips because that part is very important guys deep is that when they try to rotate to the other side they're squeezing so hard on their partner that they can't rotate because they're staying so like tight on their partner's leg that they can't spin around the leg and then they end up like losing the position or like tossing their partner forward and then it ends up being a scramble so what i mean by that is this this is what i see sometimes their back because they're pinching their they're pinching everything too much so i gotta imagine that like briscoe's leg is a pole and i gotta rotate around the pole okay i have to stay like tight to him but i gotta allow myself to rotate around it as well okay so i gotta loosen up just a tiny little bit okay to get the rotation around the leg so it's super important so that's a big thing i see like when i teach this in class that guys have a when they first start drilling it that i notice and they have a hard time so right from here i go right under the and then this hand goes through and look at my legs like i'm saying i like the pinch and i lift my legs straight in the air and i end up right here on my side okay now when i'm here guys i have to make sure that i'm always you know protecting my hands i don't leave my arms open like this so he could get an underhook on me and attack the kimura her arm by right here okay so i have to stay tight right here okay keeping my elbows in okay elbow tight either grabbing palm to palm or some guys like to grab the leg like this everything is nice and strong don't leave your legs open guys because he's just gonna step out right triangle me happens a lot okay if you're not everything is not nice and you know tight and where it's supposed to be now see how i'm on my side one of my shoulders my top shoulder is on the outside of his leg my bottom shoulder is on the i guess the front side okay once i'm here i'm in a good spot okay so my partner should feel like he's on like a teeter-totter almost right here my shoulder that's on this side it's kind of like the tip of the spear i guess you could say that's gonna like balance him so if i could like i could pump them that way if i wanted to using my shoulder okay or okay i can pump them this way okay depending on what i want to do okay so that's why whenever i play deep half i don't want to be like flat like this okay if i play deep half flat you know it's it's not good it's not beneficial for me to be flat on my back just like anything okay guys i always want to be on my side especially here okay because it's such like a it's such a weird position to be stuck but deep half is also such a good position like it's it's if you understand it you could get really good at it it's very beneficial you could get it from like almost anywhere from here as like if a guy goes for a knee cut i can use the deep path to go i can go i like to go off with a knee cut i like to go off of like a quarterback okay for like here sucking them out i could use my head to bump get my hand through okay and come through here but a lot of times like it's i find i could get there off of guys trying to pass my guard off of like open guard situations a lot of times it's off of scrambles off of guys trying to pass and i could catch them in here they give me a little bit of space and then boom i could get underneath them all i need is just a little bit of room between their legs to rotate underneath okay to get there so how i i sweep or how i attack from this position generally depends on where i feel my partner's weight go if i'm feeling him go forward to put his hands on the mat like this or if i feel like maybe his weight is back like he's bringing his butt to his heels like he's gonna fall back okay so how i feel my partner on top of me will generally decide where i'm going to go but i find like a lot of times more often than not like the technique i like to do is um their weight is usually a little forward at least that's what i find that's like the similarities or the similar reaction or position i end up in so what i do is this okay so watch with my legs okay the leg that's on the back okay is gonna go underneath and see how i hook his uh his like back of his his calf with my instep okay i'm gonna be right there sometimes too say we're like tight like this and you have a hard time getting it just grab his pant okay and you could use this to stay tight and use that to pull his leg forward to help you get it so if you're going against a guy that has like maybe like short legs like you're a lot taller than him sometimes you have to just get the sometimes you can even grab the hip and you can pull his leg in to help get that hook if you have a tough time okay now once i get the hook i just close it back okay and i'm right here now i'm gonna use this hook to force my partner to put his hands on the mat so i could get uh behind them okay so it looks like this i'm gonna drop the front leg to the ground okay now when i drop that front leg to the ground i'm gonna lift his foot up with this and now i'm gonna push okay see how i push it and forward now as i push i keep that instep that leg attached to his foot the whole time okay as i rotate around now when i rotate around okay it's the same thing i want to stay tight enough to the leg but not too tight that i'm not going to be able to rotate now as i come around i'm going to end up in this position right here right on the back we're ready to attack the back so if i want to go regular now right from here i like to do i call it the brazilian bikini i'm going to keep my left hand where it is and now my right hand's going to come over once i'm here guys my uh left or nothing left me my right knee sorry is going to go right in between like bring it right between his elbow it's like that okay now i'm gonna fall back onto my right side keeping the the brazilian bikini tight so i keep the seat belt on his butt tight and i look to put my left foot right on his shin right here now you notice how like everything is tight enough that his butt doesn't leave my chest from the time i'm in the turtle okay to now now i use the one that i had the foot on the shin or the calf to help pass my leg over okay and now we're right here i use my leg slick of this guys i put this foot right here on my ankle to start pushing my partner away and right away my hand looks okay i look for his lapel just like this okay now the reason why i want to look for his lapel is so that he can't turn away if i don't control him he's gonna just turn like this and get on top of me okay so i need to make sure that when i'm here i grab the lapel and i like bring my i like tuck my my elbow my forearm in so now if briscoe tries to get away from the back control he can't okay he's stuck right from here i have the control i'm going to keep it i'm going to let go of the one that's closest to his head we go under the head okay then right away i connect my hands with the seat belt get my other hook and there's my four points okay there's the back take and your four points for the back i'm trying to make each other look good nice

  Top Comments:
  1. @meatheadsunited [24 likes]: can't believe i'm just discovering you guys now. great production quality and instruction.
  2. @thibaud9269 [1 likes]: Eddie Bravo just told us recently not to stay on your elbow as it offers great entries to the 100%, or potentially a Dagestani handcuff (a bit less likely). Rather one should stay on their shoulder.
This of course wouldnt be a concern if you’re really quick.
  3. @arshakh1 [1 likes]: Very nice. Thank you for the details.
  4. @Keluoduo [1 likes]: Amazing work !
  5. @brenoferreira8193 [1 likes]: Oosss
  6. @aridinsmore442 [1 likes]: My favorite sweep
  7. @LaneHelps [1 likes]: There's also lots of truck attacks in no gi. This is a nice piece to add
  8. @NewEnglandGuitarman: Nice breakdown
  9. @Hamk_gaming: this was extremely helpful as a deep half player. Thank you!
  10. @Rollingwdave: 🔥🔥
  11. @MichaelButler-p2b: Detail is 🔥 and you included some resistance at the end. Now this is how instructions should be taught. Step by step then in motion with resistance.
  12. @sohaibezaher2032: wow man some details didnt pay attention to all these years doing it wrong
  13. @Tearfree709: great details!!!!!!!!
  14. @Rikimaru91: Subscribed ty instructior 🥋👍🏻
  15. @hockysa: Is there a version of the Brazilian bikini for nogi? 
I tried to google but got different kind of results.
  16. @Chris920809: awesome deep half video
  17. @timo120609: so much details and so much thanks for sharing, osss
  18. @ショウイー: 何を喋ってるかわからなぬてもやってるポイントはわかる🎉
  19. @Kanotoa: Great video,  Im gonnactey tomorrow
  20. @iwantahir8340: 👍👍😎😎😎

- How Modern FullBacks Should Play in Football 2024! Complete Analysis: Kind: captions Language: en hi guys in this video we'll provide you with all n information about how a modern fullback should play We analyze such players as Zino Walker TR Alexander Arnold and vital molo to give everything you need from defense to attack was you the end to get maximum of it subscribe if you want to become the best on the pitch and let's get started the modern fullback is a wide defender in a backline of four who as well as defending the white areas is also responsible for joining attacks and creating chances let's start from defensive skills usually fullbacks play against Pace Wingers like Sterling mppe and many others so it's essential for the defender to take right position on the beach not to let the Winger overtake you look at Walker he see that one day is preparing long pass to his partner Kyle makes few steps back to have an advantage as a result Walker prevented a pass with his move and similar episode moleno was ready to that long ball and started a run a little bit earlier which helped him to be first on the ball as a fullback you should should always control distance between you and Central Defender not to allow that through passing between you here is an example of how you should take the position if the ball is on the opposite side Canelo stays a little bit higher than other Defenders to prevent that pass on Salah look how he constantly controls both Muhammad and the ball sometimes when opponent's team goes into Counterattack and have numeric Advantage you should have an ability to find most important priority look at this situation Tottenham has five attack players against three Everton Defender instead of controlling the player at the far post mik quickly decides to cover charison as he's in the most dangerous position you should constantly think on the pitch and try to read your opponent's next step in this episode Vali decides not to play till the end with his player instead of it he starts his run to cover depths as he noticed the intention of Luton seventh number to go into it here while covering his opponent moleno also checks his back and tries to take proper position to block that pass as a Defender sometimes you will be in situations where you alone against two attackers in such episode you should stay calm slowly approach the player with a ball and simultaneously control the other player to block the passing line to him when you see that forward is going to shoot try to minimize distance between you as soon as possible another example on the wing but idea is the same control the player without the ball but in the last moment change direction and attack the player with aible in One V one situations you should close down the space and be one or two steps away from the attacker if you are too far away that gives them time to get their head up and look around get close to force their head down be patient and don't dive in the best attackers want you to dive in on them because they will just touch it around you and go so we want to jocky them Force the attacker onto their weak foot or to the side be on your toes don't be back on your heels keep your feet moving don't stand like a statue keep your eye on the ball don't look at the attacker feet hips or shoulders focus on the ball win the ball with confidence when the time is right in addition to Tactical skills a modern fullback must be athletic you should be proactive try to intercept the ball even before your opponent will control it if you didn't have time to play ahead should stay tight with your player give him no space and no time to think the direct him from your Gates modern fullbacks have to be extremely fit and hardworking willing and able to chase back after a loss of possession or protect the areas outside the center backs they need to cover long distance to Chas the ball down after an opposition switch of play the modern fullback also has to be agile fast and smart with their defensive positioning and therefore able to defend effectively in one1 situations let's move on to in possession responsibilities of a modern fullback in build up face if opponent's team plays tight in the central zone fullback should provide WID to widen space in the center but if the opponent is already pressing you on the wing it will be proper to go inside and propose yourself there as it will be more space sometimes coaches decides to add another body in central Midfield usually in an attempt to overload the opposition in this part of the pitch it's where inverted fullbacks come naturally there involved in lots of short passing they must have the vision and tactical ability to play in crowded Central areas one of the best examples of this season is Alexander zenchenko look at this episode then he goes inside to ask for the ball do you notice how Crystal Palace players don't know what to do with him if the right winger comes closer he will leave huge Zone on the right Central midfielder also don't risk to leave their positions so using this indecisiveness zinco breaks a position's present here Alexander actively enters space taking an attention of four players and passes an absolutely free cards however you should constantly evaluate situation on the field and take the best position for example in this situation there is too much Liverpool players in the center so there is no need to go inside and better to play White inverted fullbacks have to create forward passing angles for the players in the backline then receive the ball and progress play forwards they should have positional awareness and the ability to make forward passes or dribbles to break lines they must also be able to switch play to the opposite side of the pitch it's essential for a modern fullback to scan the field before receiving the ball look how Zen is scans twice before he C the ball which allows him to evaluate situation and take the best decision fast and here is an example of a lack of awareness Mika fully concentrated on the ball and doesn't see his partner at the left which causes the ball loss here is the opposite when vital com before receiving the ball simply breaks all Wolf's intentions also look at Alexander Arnold's conning and how faster it allows him to play Modern fullbacks also actively involved in ball progression you should be able to find options in depths like in this situation moik finds McNeil fullbacks also have to provide their teams weats in attack with Wingers often taking up more narrow positions after getting into attacking areas it is the fullback job to provide crosses cutbacks throw balls into white areas or to run onto through balls look at Walker when rer is going to switch the Side Kyle immediately starts his run into opponent's box avoids offside and makes perfect assist if your role is to play as an inverted fullback you should try to find pockets of space in opponent's defensive lines in this situation z c seees that Crystal Palace Defender goes out of the line leaving space behind and he immediately uses it with through pass to trar again similar situation Defender goes out of his position and Z he immediately uses it to make a through Pass you should play with rise head constantly evaluating situations and searching for options as a fullback you have to help your Winger create two versus one opportunities near opponent's box look at Arnold and Salah TR goes into open space muhamad takes an attention of the defender Quick Pass and liver P fullback is on the perfect position to make a cross here is another example with zinenko and Martinelli create two versus one opportunity and progress with dangerous cross again great situation with TR after interception he doesn't stop he immediately switches to attack and make a good cross to gako however you should not overlap every time here is two City players on Muhammad so there is no need to go there because you will not make a numerical advantage enter there instead Arnold finds space in the central zone and after receiving a ball perfectly puts it into the corner in Liverpool's 433 on the ugan club Alexander Arnold provides world class Crossing from a variety of positions he has brilliant technique and can vary his crosses depending on his position to pick out a specific teammate with devastating accuracy the speed at which he releases the ball is crucial he puts balls in quickly often on his first or second Touch without sacrificing quality and accuracy his crosses particularly test Defenders when they are moving toward their own goal and there is space between the defender and their goalkeeper Alexander Arnold aims for this space and Liverpool's attackers make runs into the Gap rited comments who is the best fullback in the world right now in your opinion especially recommend you to watch our video about Center Ms which will be very helpful for each position hit the like button if you enjoy this video subscribe if you want to play smart and be the best on the beach [Music] sh

  Top Comments:
  1. @zakariyeahmed5864 [66 likes]: I don’t ducking play fullback but my coach tells me I can play fullback because of my speed fucking hell I have to watch the video 😂
  2. @forproclub [14 likes]: To get more useful tactical tips, Follow our Instagram: @jurg.enklop
  3. @rubentabareswellness [9 likes]: Hi Smart Football, what editing software do you use? I need it to edit videos of my son who is a footballer. Thank you
  4. @semir9112 [3 likes]: Carvajal was brilliant last season. Too bad he got injured at the beginning of this one.
  5. @sjdc152 [2 likes]: Trent is my personal favourite full back. i really do look up to him, but zinchenko, walker and mikolenk
  6. @Sarthak-cp4ig [2 likes]: More like this❤❤❤
  7. @Leonardo.7. [1 likes]: Very good. Thank you from Brazil 🇧🇷
  8. @geraldpeperere2281 [1 likes]: Really helpful 👌
  9. @wandilephakathwayo6616: Been a fullback all my life and im 26 yo now… but i tell you what, this video gave me soo much insight😮😮
  10. @gmogtr98: Do you have the video link at minute 2:34 in this video, I would like to analysize it more
  11. @NikitaPl15: You ukranian brother?
  12. @pscreations8897: Cucurela
  13. @Anreasv: "keep eye on the ball"
  14. @ChickenChilli-mb8mo: Balde
  15. @thebetteryou-SI: How can I make videos like this?
  16. @EmmanuelEjelikwu-r2r: Trying to be really better at my full back position and actively better with both my foot
  17. @djamelalgeria9724: You have to read what he gonna do
  18. @JakeGrayley: What if my winger is terrible
  19. @user0001-v3t: Good
  20. @sergioguinaudeau2657: How do you do the circle animatopn bellow player's feet please?

- Warriors halfback Shaun Johnson's retirement plans | RNZ | 6 August 2024: Kind: captions Language: en let me get my breath right yion um it's been yeah it's been a really um probably draining 24 hours you know um a lot went into you know yesterday um but yeah feel a heat better now that it's n and um you know committed to the decision and yeah feel a just sort of feel like a little bit's gone off my shoulders you know like I sort of have known for a little bit and just about to come out and say it um and announce it the way I wanted to yeah feel whole he better yeah yeah it's hard um yeah knew it was going to be um yeah these decisions you know you're never obviously going to take lightly so yeah bit goes into it um no well you know if you told the kid you know before i' walked into the doors here that you're going to go on and play you know over a couple hundred games for the club and I'm over 250 in the NRL no there's no way um yeah so you know to reflect on the journey so far it's been um certainly like sort of you know a little bit taken back by it um and even just the the flood of messages um of support and congratulations and people reaching out um even that's been you know to be honest a little bit overwhelming so um it's funny yeah like probably you know a little bit naive but just didn't really expect it to sort of be this this big you know like the the response has been crazy so um yeah it's been it's been cool teamates what was that moment yeah yeah they um like that was the bit I was probably most anxious about you know throughout the whole process um um but yeah I just kept it short and sweet didn't allow myself enough time up there to sort of get too Sid track from what I was actually trying to say so um it's probably a good thing you know like maybe you know a few of them were shocked that couple of them actually thought I was getting up to announce my extension so that's um that was nice to hear you know like it's um I just love been able to do this on my own terms you know I feel like in this game you know when you've been in it you know this long you can quite easily not control these situations and um your departure you know can be forced sometimes so you know for me to be able to have complete control over this knowing that there was something there for me to play play on next year um but I I've made the decision not to you know like I can take a lot in that from me I know you've got two young children do they understand that fin no haven't even told them I want them to think on that cool dad for a little longer yet so um I'll hold off on that hey I've answered these questions mate got to check the podcast baby come on bro hey you haven't subscribed yet eh come on um now I I've known for a little while and I've probably like joked about it a fair bit and it's been real light-hearted but I mean to be honest if you're joking about it it's stemming from somewhere you know so I've started to feel this way um you know but I sort of said um it was probably the the the real sort of penny drop moment was probably when I received the offer from the club you know they they came through and gave me everything I wanted um and it probably didn't hit home How It Should Have you know or how previous contracts and have in the past and that was a bit of a point for me where I was like man like I'm not just going to sign a contract here to pick up you know a paycheck you know like there's there's there's something here that I need to think about um and I need to figure out so that if I'm being honest that moment sucked because yet again if you told the kid before I'd walked through the doors that at 33 you're going to be turning down a contract you would have told him shut up sign the thing you know and do what you love so all these conversations all these thoughts they've happened in the background they've happened in my head time and time again um but it still led me to make this decision oh here we go mate youry on the no like obviously when you're not winning um and you're not healthy it's I won't lie it's been it has been tough at times um but like even in the weekend coming back into the side running out it's still just such a buzz you know and it's still very much not lost to me that like this is crazy that I get to do this and experience this you know and um I still have that like little kid of me where I'm like this is mean you know like running out so um obviously you know I've made this decision but it's not because there's no love there for the game or you know like yeah there's none of that you done a lot for the Warriors but the key was as well you had a great career but then does that mean a lot you see for them over the year yeah yeah it does um a little bit diff you know speaking about the kywi CU I haven't been in that environment for a handful of years now um but man when Stace got the head head coaching gig there was a bit of me that was like oh man you know that would be that' be a dream to be able to play for the kiwis under St you know so like that that that Jersey is the one I hold in most you know the most high regard um and I loved every minute of we're in that Jersey you know representing our country so um yeah hopefully it's a space I can be a part of down the track you know obviously in a different role but um I feel like you know there there's some massive strides there that that I guess that Jersey can make in this country and you play time at the Sharks and you know our decision you could be playing for the Tigers right at this moment does it does it mean a lot that you're retiring as a warrior oh I wouldn't want it any other way and um yeah I mean everything just it's just shows you everything happens for a reason and coming back to the club you know Mark Robins and cam George um giving me an opportunity to come home and um yeah just yeah just be in front of my family um play for the club that yeah just means so much to me it's the it's the best way I could possibly um you know picture this to finish so yeah very happy with that so I'm not going to be a head coach there's no way um but I I think there's a role um here at the club I hope there is can if you're watching this um and I think there's a similar one you know with the kiwis as well um you know when I came through all my age groups I didn't have a specialist coach to help me learn my position um and there was probably only one player that could have maybe done it which was probably Stacy you know or bingi was still playing so you know like someone that's I can listen to that I've seen on the tally knowing that they've done the Reps and knowing that they've been at that highest level you know you can you can coach a coach locally you know like to go and teach the kids but it carries more weight if it's coming from someone that you know has been in the arena and done it in those moments and I feel like there's a role here and I don't want to walk away from that because I think you know been able to give those experiences back to you know our kids coming through our you know we got seven teams here next year um through our Pathways programs been a to get you know our young spine members thinking like first graders like why not you know and start molding them and then keeping local talent here don't let them go to Mourne or penth or somewhere else and then we've got to pay freaking Millions to try get them back you know like let's grow them here let's nurture them here and I think I can help out with that oh they're not I I feel like they're not coming through you know I'll correct you on that I feel like they're established first graders and that um we've all made each other better players through competition you know we've seen the way to's played this year Luke had a great start to the season um Chanel coming back in like just getting B every week so um I've loved working with them you know and it's definitely hasn't been my jersey to hand down to them now it's a jersey that we all compete for um and we all you know want to put our hands up and be able to deliver in so um I know L met C in particular can't wait to be that guy out there when he needs to kick the winning drop goal to win the game for the club um and I'm excited to see him step into that role and do that so um yeah really exciting times for the club yeah it's a it's a bit of a um like even today at training you know I'm sort of torn between just enjoy it you know but then also like there's that competitive bug in me that like just know I still want to just take every box to give myself the best chance and us the best chance at winning so there's still hard work to be done you know and like we're certainly not giving up I'm not giving up and um you know getting this sort of announcement off my chest allows me just to focus on that now so um yeah bro obviously it's got to be an aspect of just enjoying it um taking it all in like if I get to play this weekend going up to sun Court like it's going to be my last time you know probably playing up there so just bits and pieces like that yeah it's going to be a special special sort of month of 40 or so game a podcast come on play on get on it um what did I I mean there's there's there's a few um I remember like it's not an individual moment but the game we played out here against Newcastle last year in that final um that that's going to be pretty hard to forget anytime soon I think just obvious see the occasion of the game and how well we played that night um walking around the stadium after and the fans just going crazy like that's kind of like the memory I'm going to hold on to yeah be better okay oh man that one's not on the that's not on the that's a that's a good question who where are you from oh Crow goes well okay um is there anyone that stands out to me of ankles and I say this respectfully I say this with the utmost respect it was that try I had out here um I got cam Smith I don't know if you guys know him yeah I got cam Smith with a nice little right and then I got through and then I gave moner the little Goosey so um that one that I don't know why that one to me is my favorite like I get asked similar question you know a lot but that one stands out no it's funny there is some truth n no but I can guarantee you I will be in Vegas next year to start the season in some capacity I don't care I'm a hand in the CV all over to try to get a get on that plane ride yeah thanks everyone thank you guys appreciate it thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @gt57-1yk: sj 😂just keep well well away from any coaching, you cant even run the backs,4 bullrushes and a feather bomb,thats about all you do,your jersey dosent even get dirty, just like with stacey ,the problem with the warriors is its a retirement home for ex players,tony iro stays around for years and years in a new role in the coaches box after every coach gets sacked, just like justin morgan ,cappy etc the names go on and on, only because they know no other nrl team would hire them and they pull the wool over the owners eyes to get themselves a job😂,because the owner dosent even know what hes doin😮  ,participating is  the warriors motto ,cameron george is on the gravy train to the bottom at the expense of their fans,losing is what they do😮
  2. @stevepetherick789: I almost can't believe it he's been the life pulse of this club for so long . They should retain him as a mentor
  3. @ironzion3747: Thank you SJ💙all the best🙏🏾 WIN•LOSE•DRAW😝👐🏾4LYFE!💯💯

- Daly Cherry-Evans: Will He Join the Roosters or Retire?: Kind: captions Language: en Dolly Cherry Evans, the iconic halfback of the Manly Sea Eagles, finds himself at a pivotal crossroads in his illustrious career as the club faces a dismal slide out of finals contention in 2025. Despite the swirling speculation about his retirement, insiders close to Cherry Evans confirm that he is not ready to hang up his boots just yet. At 36 years old, he plans to ink a one-year deal with the Sydney Roosters, signaling a new chapter after 15 solid years at Brookville Oval. While some pundits have expressed doubts regarding his move to the roosters, rugby league journalist Ben Dobin confidently dispelled these concerns, asserting that Cherry Evans remains committed to playing through 2026. All roads have been pointing to the Roosters, Dobin stated, quelling the retirement chatter that has surrounded the veteran. He insists that there has been no contract signed yet, but negotiations with the Roosters are hopeful. A contrasting opinion, the Daily Telegraph's Phil Rothfield urged Cherry Evans to consider retirement instead of taking the plunge with the Roosters. His concerns stem from the emergence of young talent Hugo Savala, who is currently on a development contract worth around $80,000. Rothfield fears that signing Cherry Evans could hinder Savala's promising future. As the debate continues, one thing is clear. The clock is ticking for Cherry Evans. The stakes are high as he navigates the twilight of his career. Will he forge ahead with the Roosters or will he heed Rothfield's advice to retire as a one club champion? The rugby league community is left on the edge of their seats, anticipating Cherry Evans next move as the future of both a legend and a rising star hangs in the balance.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GlennWesterberg: Go away dce

- Is Panama Still the Best Place to Retire in 2026? 🇵🇦 Consider the Azuero Peninsula Before Deciding: Kind: captions Language: en-US Hey guys, Beasley Finds is back with another&nbsp; episode focused on the beautiful country of&nbsp;&nbsp; Panama. If you’re new to our channel, my wife and&nbsp; I are in search of amazing travel and retirement&nbsp;&nbsp; destinations, especially in Latin America.&nbsp; Panama has been at the top of my list for years,&nbsp;&nbsp; but is it still the best when it comes to&nbsp; retirement? In 2025 this country ranked number&nbsp;&nbsp; one on The Annual Global Retirement Index&nbsp; According to International Living Magazine;&nbsp;&nbsp; you can find a link in the description to this&nbsp; source. I tend to agree with their assessment,&nbsp;&nbsp; and I might be a little biased, but let me&nbsp; tell you why I think Panama still holds up,&nbsp;&nbsp; where you might consider living, and how to be&nbsp; strategic in your search for an apartment or house&nbsp;&nbsp; in Panama. And to satisfy the requests of some&nbsp; viewers, we’ll take a look at the map and explore&nbsp;&nbsp; the Azuero Peninsula of Panama- definitely a place&nbsp; worthy of your consideration. Let’s get going.&nbsp; The cost of living is usually a huge factor for&nbsp; many soon-to-be retirees and Panama has options&nbsp;&nbsp; for everyone from those with very modest budgets&nbsp; to those seeking more luxurious amenities. Right&nbsp;&nbsp; up there with cost of living is climate and&nbsp; lifestyle, and once again, Panama has something&nbsp;&nbsp; t o suit most people’s preferences. From hot and&nbsp; steamy coastal Caribbean towns to expat enclaves&nbsp;&nbsp; in the cool mountainous highlands, there is so&nbsp; much diversity in the landscapes and climates that&nbsp;&nbsp; Panama has to offer. This variety, and the freedom&nbsp; to choose from so many lifestyles is why Panama is&nbsp;&nbsp; still my top choice for retirement, especially&nbsp; for citizens of the United States and Canada,&nbsp;&nbsp; but also for many Europeans and citizens from&nbsp; other countries as well. Many of these travelers&nbsp;&nbsp; become expatriates in Panama or decide to fully&nbsp; immigrate and become citizens. These foreigners,&nbsp;&nbsp; from many countries, contribute to the unique&nbsp; fabric of Panamanian society. I have done several&nbsp;&nbsp; videos that focus on the more popular expat&nbsp; enclaves where many of these foreigners live so&nbsp;&nbsp; check out my Panama Playlist where I cover places&nbsp; such as Boquete, Coronado, and Bocas del Toro.&nbsp; I mentioned that Panama is especially attractive&nbsp; for American and Canadian citizens and this is&nbsp;&nbsp; because you can stay as a tourist (no visa&nbsp; required) for up to 180 days, about 6 months,&nbsp;&nbsp; with just a passport. Besides the U.S. and Canada,&nbsp; If you visit https://www.embassyofpanama.org/visas&nbsp;&nbsp; you’ll find a list of about 115 other countries&nbsp; with 3-month visa exemptions which allows tourists&nbsp;&nbsp; to stay for 90 days using only their passport. ese&nbsp; generous travel provisions mean that many people,&nbsp;&nbsp; from many countries, have the liberty to travel&nbsp; Panama and try before they buy. This is more&nbsp;&nbsp; important than you might think. For example, in&nbsp; the wake of the Covid-19 pandemic and even before&nbsp;&nbsp; this tumultuous time many Americans moving from&nbsp; the north and retiring to states such as Florida&nbsp;&nbsp; have moved back home or at least part of the way&nbsp; back to states such as North and South Carolina,&nbsp;&nbsp; Georgia, and Tennessee. This is such a prevalent&nbsp; phenomenon that the term halfback was coined to&nbsp;&nbsp; describe folks that move south to retire and end&nbsp; up moving half-way back home because they liked&nbsp;&nbsp; the idea of Florida much more than the reality&nbsp; of living there. The point is that living in&nbsp;&nbsp; Panama for half a year or even a few months is&nbsp; going to be invaluable when it comes to making&nbsp;&nbsp; a retirement decision, especially if you intend&nbsp; to buy. And not having to worry about getting and&nbsp;&nbsp; maintaining a visa right away is a really nice&nbsp; benefit. If you do decide to stay in Panama,&nbsp;&nbsp; the country offers many Visa types with the&nbsp; ever-popular retirement visa being of great&nbsp;&nbsp; interest to those with at least $1,000 of monthly&nbsp; pension income. With this relatively modest amount&nbsp;&nbsp; of money, you can retire in Panama and even become&nbsp; a citizen if you’re so inclined. Later in the&nbsp;&nbsp; video we’ll look at some important considerations&nbsp; for anyone pondering an extended stay in Panama,&nbsp;&nbsp; whether that be an apartment or a house. If you’re finding this video helpful and enjoy&nbsp;&nbsp; this type of content, please like and subscribe to&nbsp; support the channel. Now, let’s have a look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; map of Panama; I’ll note the ever-popular expat&nbsp; areas such as Panama City, Coronado, Boquete,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Bocas del Toro. These are the main towns and&nbsp; areas you’ll hear folks on Youtube talking about&nbsp;&nbsp; and they’re certainly worth exploring but I'd like&nbsp; to direct your attention to a region mentioned by&nbsp;&nbsp; one of my viewers who lamented that I haven’t&nbsp; covered the Azuero Peninsula. Our viewer isn’t&nbsp;&nbsp; the only one that has pointed out this region&nbsp; of Panama, with places like Chitre, Las Tablas,&nbsp;&nbsp; and Pedasi becoming more popular with foreigners.&nbsp; These are not big cities by any means and have&nbsp;&nbsp; smaller populations than areas like Panama&nbsp; City, Colon, or David but you can see from&nbsp;&nbsp; the map here courtesy of Thomas Brinkhoff at&nbsp; CityPopulation.de that the Chitre area has the&nbsp;&nbsp; biggest population and as you move your way down&nbsp; the peninsula, population and urban development&nbsp;&nbsp; thin out. Changing over to the World Settlement&nbsp; base layer on the CityPopulation website,&nbsp;&nbsp; we can see that Chitre is the most developed and&nbsp; has a population around 60,000 although I think&nbsp;&nbsp; the numbers in this dataset are a little low. We&nbsp; can see from this handy World Settlement Footprint&nbsp;&nbsp; map the areas shown in black are urbanization.&nbsp; You can check out a more advanced and useful&nbsp;&nbsp; version of this tool on the European Space Agency&nbsp; website that shows urbanization and development&nbsp;&nbsp; with color coding to indicate what year the&nbsp; development occurred in. Let me know in the&nbsp;&nbsp; comments if you need any help using this nifty&nbsp; tool and check for the link in the description.&nbsp; Continuing with our exploration of this&nbsp; area, the Azuero Peninsula is a Tropical&nbsp;&nbsp; Savannah characterized by grasslands with&nbsp; sparse forest and vegetative cover that,&nbsp;&nbsp; aside from the protected areas, has been largely&nbsp; cultivated for agricultural uses. For many&nbsp;&nbsp; Panamanians this is the heartland of their country&nbsp; and, from what I hear, the people are welcoming of&nbsp;&nbsp; expats and foreigners willing to integrate into&nbsp; the community. In other parts of Panama, like&nbsp;&nbsp; Boquete, I would say speaking good Spanish isn’t a&nbsp; necessity, but on the Azuero Peninsula, one should&nbsp;&nbsp; make a bigger effort. While it might not be the&nbsp; most gringo-friendly area, the more research I do,&nbsp;&nbsp; the more promising I find it, and I probably&nbsp; haven’t focused on this part of Panama because&nbsp;&nbsp; I am partial to the cooler Panamanian highlands.&nbsp; And while this region is very hot, it’s also drier&nbsp;&nbsp; than other areas such as along the Caribbean&nbsp; coast. It falls within the Arco Seco or Dry Arc&nbsp;&nbsp; of the country with rainfall totals much below the&nbsp; national average. Compared to the Caribbean Coast&nbsp;&nbsp; with annual rainfall totals of 50 to 150 inches&nbsp; per year the Azuero Peninsula only receives 40&nbsp;&nbsp; to 90 inches per year depending on the specific&nbsp; location. And there are plenty of microclimates&nbsp;&nbsp; in Panama so you can find something that is tuned&nbsp; to your preferences. And don’t make the mistake of&nbsp;&nbsp; thinking that the Caribbean side is the only place&nbsp; with nice beaches and a tropical vibe. There are&nbsp;&nbsp; many beautiful playas all along the coast of the&nbsp; Azuero Peninsula and even a little island or two&nbsp;&nbsp; like Isla Iguana Forest Reserve where you can&nbsp; spend a day relaxing on an uninhabited paradise&nbsp;&nbsp; island. If you’re feeling really adventurous, you&nbsp; might consider a tour of Coiba National Park- a&nbsp;&nbsp; much bigger island 90 minutes by boat from the&nbsp; mainland. Here you can snorkel or dive to see&nbsp;&nbsp; a huge diversity of marine life and go on nature&nbsp; hikes to see wildlife such as crocodiles, monkeys,&nbsp;&nbsp; and tropical birds. As you can see, the peninsula&nbsp; has much to recommend it. I’d say the only&nbsp;&nbsp; downsides are the heat, the distance from major&nbsp; cities, and lack of development. But the region&nbsp;&nbsp; is connected with Albrook airport near Panama City&nbsp; and, like most of Panama, is served by the Pan&nbsp;&nbsp; American Highway so I wouldn’t let the remoteness&nbsp; deter you from considering this location if it&nbsp;&nbsp; checks most of your other boxes. And for now, the&nbsp; cost of living here is very affordable with a low&nbsp;&nbsp; crime rate to boot. This may be an up and coming&nbsp; location worth investing in for those who don’t&nbsp;&nbsp; mind straying a bit from the well-beaten path&nbsp; in order to find the hidden gems. Overall, the&nbsp;&nbsp; Azuero is a great place to live if you’re looking&nbsp; for less rain, a slower pace, and proximity to&nbsp;&nbsp; great Pacific beaches and attractions. Now let’s move on to some strategic&nbsp;&nbsp; considerations when planning on a trip to Panama&nbsp; or an extended stay to scout some properties or&nbsp;&nbsp; rentals. Of course most planning begins on&nbsp; the internet these days. You can find a ton&nbsp;&nbsp; of resources online to help you get on target&nbsp; and start narrowing down places of interest.&nbsp; You can start your search for an apartment&nbsp; or house online but remember that nothing&nbsp;&nbsp; beats visiting the areas you’re interested&nbsp; in, and building a network of contacts.&nbsp; Some online resources are FB Marketplace,&nbsp; Encuentra 24, and Google Search&nbsp; Join Panama groups on Facebook and other&nbsp; social media if you haven’t already.&nbsp; Facebook groups have search functions&nbsp; where you can find posts with questions&nbsp;&nbsp; from people like yourself that may have&nbsp; been answered by the group already.&nbsp; Whether renting or buying, consider searching&nbsp; properties listed in Spanish because these could&nbsp;&nbsp; be priced substantially lower compared to English&nbsp; language listings geared towards foreigners.&nbsp; While not an official Multiple Listing&nbsp; Service the Panama Association of Realtors&nbsp;&nbsp; has a property search tool you can find at&nbsp; MLS® Acobir; link in the video description.&nbsp; An important way to stay on target in your&nbsp; search is to get super clear on the lifestyle&nbsp;&nbsp; and amenities that are most important to&nbsp; you. Do you want to live in an expat area&nbsp;&nbsp; like Boquete or are you willing to live more&nbsp; like a local on the Azuero Peninsula? What can&nbsp;&nbsp; you expect of these two different Panamas? 🏙️ With Expat-Style Living: you can expect&nbsp; Modern apartments or condos with new appliances,&nbsp; high-speed internet, english speaking staff,&nbsp;&nbsp; security guards, neighbors and landlords You may have, pools, fitness centers,&nbsp;&nbsp; and social areas; A/C in every&nbsp; room and hot water at every faucet&nbsp; Newer building amenities may also include&nbsp; backup electric generators, water cisterns,&nbsp;&nbsp; rooftop swimming pools, on-site restaurants&nbsp; and cafes, and co-working spaces to name a few&nbsp; You should expect higher&nbsp; rent: from $1,200–$2,500/month&nbsp; You’ll pay more but you’ll have more&nbsp; comforts, conveniences, and peace of mind&nbsp; 🏘️ With Local-Style Living: you can expect Simpler apartments or houses, with less&nbsp;&nbsp; English-speaking neighbors, and fewer frills While security staff are often part of the&nbsp;&nbsp; package in expat-oriented rental situations,&nbsp; don’t expect security services outside of&nbsp;&nbsp; these areas unless you’re in a gated community. May not be A/C in some buildings (especially&nbsp;&nbsp; at higher elevations) and hot water&nbsp; may not be available at every faucet&nbsp; But you will find significant cost savings in&nbsp; more local areas, so you can spend more money&nbsp;&nbsp; on the things that matter to you so long&nbsp; as you don’t mind making some sacrifices.&nbsp; Besides lifestyle considerations, the choice&nbsp; between renting or buying will determine your&nbsp;&nbsp; costs and overall experience of living in another&nbsp; country. If you still haven’t decided between&nbsp;&nbsp; an apartment or a house, that’s okay because&nbsp; you can do both. But before you do anything:&nbsp;&nbsp; Make sure the person offering to rent&nbsp; or sell the property actually owns it.&nbsp; There is a national land registry&nbsp; in Panama, but not all property is&nbsp;&nbsp; titled so verification is critical Invest in a Panamanian lawyer for&nbsp;&nbsp; peace of mind in all of your transactions Now let’s look at how renting and buying are&nbsp;&nbsp; different from countries like the U.S.&nbsp; and Canada, and how these differences&nbsp;&nbsp; might inform your living abroad strategy. With Renting: the theory is the same in Panama&nbsp;&nbsp; but it’s application tends to be a bit different For example, many rentals and even houses come&nbsp;&nbsp; furnished which is not typical in the U.S. And apartment complexes are often owner-operated&nbsp;&nbsp; buildings as opposed to being run by a management&nbsp; company, which is great when you have an owner&nbsp;&nbsp; who cares and solves problems quickly, but&nbsp; not so great when the opposite is true.&nbsp; And although there are fewer tenant rights&nbsp; in Panama there is more opportunity to move&nbsp;&nbsp; around considering the availability of&nbsp; short-term rentals such as AirBnB and&nbsp;&nbsp; that many units come furnished which makes&nbsp; moving from place to place much simpler.&nbsp; With Buying: There are definitely some differences&nbsp; in the process to consider because Panama’s real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate market is not as structured and&nbsp; streamlined as it is in many countries&nbsp; For example, Property financing&nbsp; isn’t widely available in Panama&nbsp;&nbsp; and many deals are made in cash. However, there are several banks&nbsp;&nbsp; such as Banco General and Scotia&nbsp; Bank that will lend to foreigners&nbsp; Check the link in the description for a&nbsp; guide on purchasing property in Panama&nbsp; Many properties are listed online but there&nbsp; isn’t a well-established MLS like in the U.S.&nbsp; Some properties include furniture and appliances&nbsp; and may be listed as for rent or for sale&nbsp; Buyers and sellers work with real estate agents,&nbsp; but licensing standards are less strict for real&nbsp;&nbsp; estate professionals so don’t expect everyone&nbsp; that works in the business to have a license&nbsp; Foreign buyers have the same property&nbsp; rights as locals, but having an attorney&nbsp;&nbsp; is strongly recommended for navigating&nbsp; the legal and economic system in Panama&nbsp; Paying for a home may be done through escrow,&nbsp; but buyers also make direct payments to sellers&nbsp; Buying in Panama comes with many cost savings, not&nbsp; least of all is that property taxes are much lower&nbsp;&nbsp; in Panama than the U.S. and new constructions can&nbsp; qualify for a complete tax exemption for 20 years.&nbsp; So, as we’ve seen, Panama really continues to&nbsp; stand out as a retirement destination. Whether&nbsp;&nbsp; you’re drawn to the conveniences of expat-friendly&nbsp; communities, the tranquility of the highlands,&nbsp;&nbsp; or the slower-paced authenticity of&nbsp; regions like the Azuero Peninsula,&nbsp;&nbsp; there’s truly something here for&nbsp; everyone. The country’s diverse climates,&nbsp;&nbsp; accessible visa options, affordable cost of&nbsp; living, and welcoming culture make it an easy&nbsp;&nbsp; place to imagine calling home—whether&nbsp; for a season or for the long haul.&nbsp; I hope you’ve enjoyed this episode of&nbsp; Beasley Finds. If you want me to dig&nbsp;&nbsp; deeper into anything we covered today just drop&nbsp; a comment below. And if you found this helpful,&nbsp;&nbsp; please give it a like, subscribe, and check out&nbsp; other videos in my Panama Playlist. Thanks for&nbsp;&nbsp; spending some time with me today and I’ll see you&nbsp; in the next episode of Beasley Finds- take care.

  Top Comments:
  1. @beasleyfinds [9 likes]: *UPDATE* 
Claim: "...new constructions can qualify for a complete tax exemption for 20 years."
Fact: This is outdated information. Under Law 66 of 2017 (implemented in 2019), the 20-year exemption was phased out for new residential permits.
New Rule: Properties with a value of $120,000 to $300,000 (registered as a "Family Patrimony") generally receive a 0% tax rate indefinitely. For values above that, or for non-primary residences, exemptions are now typically scaled to 5, 10, or 15 years depending on the specific project registration date and type.
Primary Source: Dirección General de Ingresos (DGI) - Panama Tax Authority
  2. @johnsoroka8941 [5 likes]: I spent 2 1/2 months in Panama and 2 months of that in boquete. I had a great time and would gladly go back there again.😊 No I wouldn't say it's not that necessary to learn Spanish there. I'm currently focusing on Belize and the reason mainly it's not just because it's warm and friendly but they speak English as well. And the more I think about it it seems like a really good idea to be able to speak to everybody around you they have conversations that can lead to friendships easily. Not to mention when dealing with things like construction and or having to go into the cities to take care of business you can understand what people are asking of you and it's not a big problem to figure out what you need to do. I loved Panama, but I'm going to go with Belize due to the English-speaking they have.
  3. @marshall6201 [5 likes]: Poland was my choice.  Cheap and modern with a safe society. Healthcare is reasonable and inexpensive flights to southern Europe in the winter. My prop tax in Gdansk is only 40 USD as one example.
  4. @RexPonder-y6b [4 likes]: Still the best place. Moved from Mexico to Panama. Can't beat it.
  5. @henryheglas8060 [4 likes]: Here we go, more takeover of my beautiful Azuero.
  6. @bradkurucz885 [4 likes]: We moved from expensive British Columbia to affordable Nova Scotia 5 years ago. We are all set up debt free here with retirement income to boot. But these Canadian winters and the woke politics are filling me with the urge to find a nice warm place to go to for at least the winter months if not longer. Panama is definitely on the list.
  7. @RexPonder-y6b [3 likes]: After 15years we moved from Mexico to Panama. So so much cheaper so so much safer. We are never going back. You would not believe the difference. In Mexico the cost of living is about the same as the United States. Here we live like we always wanted.
  8. @DailyClipztt [2 likes]: If you like not too many people on the beach then yes
  9. @jahmallajaima [1 likes]: I’m assuming the water by this peninsula is cold as it’s the pacific yes? Why I’m more interested in the Caribbean side
  10. @bryanbrennan2827 [1 likes]: Thanx!😂❤
  11. @rasaru4214 [1 likes]: There is more civilized countries
  12. @robertshakerdge5932 [1 likes]: Forget about citizenship. Stay away from an expat onclave'. That's all you need to know. I've been on Costa Rica and Panama since 50.  He's not right about $1000. And his perpetual tourist suggestion / don't fo it
 Laws have changed. I'm now close to Boquete,but, a 100% Panamanian area. $195/ month rent and cool weather so AC isn't needed. That's David's problem. High electric bills.  Panamanians are wonderful and the jubilado law is amazing. They respect seniors
 Please don't come.😮
  13. @lindsayturner5334: Hi  

i’m thinking about moving to Panama  this year.  

I’m retired  and wanted to know what steps  I need to move to Panama.

I’m Married  Wife is from  Venezuela.  I’m an American  citizen. 

Please contact me at your convenience  I would really appreciate it.  

Thanks   Mr  Turner
  14. @fusionbrand: \;
  15. @mybugguypestsolutionshoels2789: Don’t worry inflation and the devaluation of the dollar will only worsen over the next few years and no country will be once what it was. It’s all by design by the elites and we as people have allowed it
  16. @mrjgarbo: Still corrupt, dangerous and filthy trash piled up everywhere.
  17. @twoweary: I really hate AI generated images.
  18. @keepemwet: that whole peninsula has been clear cut..Just BRUTAL ! no thanks
  19. @BradHill-e8l: Nope. Not still the best. Too many expats making it weird and more expensive.
  20. @chrisnaulet: Marre de l ’ IA!!

- NRL Highlights | What makes a good fullback? | The Game Plan | Anthony Seibold | NRL: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the game plan i want to show you a couple of examples there's only three defenders marking almost half the field adam reynolds turned in campbell graham turned out brian pappenhausen with his ball playing [Applause] ability there's a couple of things i want you to have a look at but if you see that there let's bring down the front door first hello welcome to the game plan where each week we bring you in-depth analysis you can't find anywhere else i'm zach bailey joined by anthony siebold saves plenty of wet weather across the weekend but the footy was still a great product yeah great quality football over the weekend starting with the melbourne storm vs parameter eels game last thursday night okay now we've focused on attack and defense over the last couple of weeks but we really want to hone in on the defensive role of a fullback and how important their work rate is in the modern game well they have the highest work rate in the modern game there's no doubt about that they run for the most meters per minute they also run for the highest meters with three cars at high speed running but most importantly they're the captain of your defense so they need to organize the defensive line with regards to their numbers it's a really important role okay james cedesko is the best number one in the game we've got to rewind a little bit to look at this clip but this just shows how important his role is as a full back on the line so this is the last two plays of a set back in 2017 game one blues are on top and on on this particular clip here james tedesco runs for 150 meters within these two plays so here's james tedesco defending on a short side close to the line just have a look at his movements here in his kelpie dog running think of a little kelpie dog on the field the open field there running really quickly but more importantly makes it a try saving tackle on macholette there okay so this is now fifth tackle 64th minute in this game the blues are leading 28 to four so they're up by 24 points he could be having a rest here but james cedesko doesn't yeah again as i said almost 150 meters in these two plays there is a defender on the open side on the last play have a look at his movements here he keeps himself in the frame and he keeps moving just in case so regardless of what the morons throw he is in the frame pretty well the whole time and there they go they shift right just out of the picture at the moment but this is a classic tackle and this summed up that blues performance that particular night here he is just right at the very last second comes into our frame but more importantly have a look at who he tackles and where he tackles him tackles don't go gay guy the right winger for queensland marones puts him over the trial line again they were up by more than 12 points would have been an easy play to not do his job he kept moving just in case okay so two try saving tackles in two tackles that's a coach's dream seems as the marone's assistant at that stage so i hate to reopen those old wounds let's fast forward as you said thursday night a cracking game and a great game from the yields full back in clint gutherson yeah so the defensive performance of the weekend for mine was clint gutherson and these are some examples i've got three really good examples of where he safe tries so this first example here you'll see here's clint on a short side here most full backs close to the line will go on a short side they'll plug the short side to thicken up the defensive line just have a look at his movements here flo follows the football doesn't need to get into the tackle but he organizes the line the next play you'll see him now on the left hand side of your screen there he is here okay gutherson's here just in case thinking up the defensive line of the parameter eels brandon smith show and go who makes the tackle there's the first try saver this example here is literally two plays later so it's the last play and you'll just see gotham come to the edge of the screen here i'll let it play through big nelson a sovereign solomona close to the line tackle five another try saver so two twice overs in three tackles very similar to james sudesco from 2017. okay but there's no try saving stats out there at the game we all remember mike osivo's efforts but he was at it again here yeah so this is another example so the same half of football you can see his movements out the back i keep referring to a kelpie dog a kelpie dog's a quick dog wants to sprint across the field coming kamitha for the melbourne storm there again close to the line reaches out gutherson makes the try saving tackle so there's three try savers that i've shown you there okay so they're all examples of when the melbourne storm are attacking from say what 15 meters or close to the tri-line what about when they're further out what's the role of a full-back in terms of where they're where they have to be positionally in this part of the field yeah so what fallbacks will try and do they'll plug in the line they'll try and thicken up the line so by that more numbers in the front line so what happens is there's no fallback defending on these players this is the clip of the weekend for me so i want to point out two players i want to point out cameron munster you'll just see him at the top of the screen here and you'll also see clint gutherson there at the top of the screen for the parramatta eels so this is a game of cat and mouse two elite players gutherson from parramatta eels monster for the melbourne storm just have a look at this now munster looks short side he looks short side by doing that what happens is he plugs clink gutherson into the line where monster wants to get to he needs to be in this position at the back of the shape so he wants to link with his half back jerome hughes um or ryan pappenhausen that's where he'll get to but he plugs papin house and sorry he plugs clink governor into the line have a look at how this pans out okay so guthrison's seen munster come along and he's on his bike going i've got to get over here he's on it he's a kelpie dog there he's working really hard now he gets in the frame he could make the take on at a car have a look at himself he could have taken taken out her car to the floor takes himself out of play he keeps moving the play of the weekend for me there he is again that's his fourth try saving tackle in one half of football and when you look at the scoreboard at the end of the game it was all the difference between parramatta and the melbourne storm great nasa seems i agree that is definitely the clip of the week we all love a game of cat and mouse but the cat doesn't always win sometimes tom and jerry jerry gets away yeah so this is another example of where ash taylor the ball player for the gold coast titans last friday night against the broncos he shows himself on a short side what he's trying to do he's trying to manipulate the numbers that jamaine asako puts on that short side so what's what asako's done he's left one two three four defenders on a short side but then as taylor comes around late so let this play through okay so again a little bit similar to the monster clip previously as taylor wants to get in this position here he's trying to get in that position to be a ball player at the back of shape now what happens is in the end gold coast titans play the tunnel ball through for feeder but more my point is this you can see asako here he didn't plug in the line he left an extra defender on a short side so what it does it really stresses that long side of the uh the brisbane broncos right hand side defense okay so they haven't used ash taylor but they've still got an extra number which leaves david fafeta some space isako gets there but dave for feet are too strong in that instance yeah too strong there should have been a psycho plugging in the long side would have thickened up the defensive line and it means that there's a little bit more support for milford and tessie newey trying to attack all the uh you know the express that his day for feeder now seems you've used that phrase plugging the line a couple of times what do you mean by exactly plugging the line yeah it's a trend that started in 2015 darius boyd started to put himself in the front line to thicken up the defensive line all the numbers in the defensive line for the brisbane broncos and most fullbacks since that period of time have decided to do that particularly when the attack is inside their 20 meter zone okay so why do they do it well what they try and do is add an extra defender in the line so yes you don't have a full back so there's a risk against the kick uh from an attacking perspective but they put themselves in the line so you look up as a ball player and think that's a thick line and you just shovel it on the inside uh inside pass all right so let's see an example of a good full back plugging the light yeah so papinhausen puts himself on a short side here now the idea of putting himself on a short side is is so that on the longer side it's a really thick line so if the ball plays or parramatta want to play to that long side there's a whole heap of numbers there he puts himself in the line there on a short side parramatta decide to attack against him he stays in the line makes the tackle on dylan brown which is what he needs to do then he gets to his next job so good urgency here by pappenhausen there he is out the back on his kelby dog good job by pap and housing okay but the key there is not only plugging the line but then getting up getting on your skates and getting back to where you need to be in case they shift the other direction yeah exactly right this time papin hasn't plugged himself on the long side so what he's done is he's got the the correct numbers on the short side here i'll let this play through a little bit and i just want to point out papin housing here so there he is on the long side this time parameter attacked that way now what he's looking for he's looking to see if there's any threat in and around that space there so he'll stay in the line initially okay you can see him now he was in the line takes himself out of the line on his kelpie dial because there's no more threat that parramatta have through that space there so he leaves that space gets on his cubby dog at the back of the shape he's in the position to make the tackle if he needs to be but by putting himself in that front line parramatta looked up and there was nothing doing for them on the long side okay and how important is it you mention off the top as well they're almost the captain of the defensive line these days how important is your full back in setting up your defensive line well i think he's the most important defender in in your team uh because he does set the numbers he said he's the the person who organizes the defensive split so um if we have four on a short side and six on a long side he's the one who organises that okay so scott drinkwater plays for the cowboys he was once earmarked as the billy slater replacement down at melbourne and here he is here uh against the dragons on saturday night yeah so good job i drink water here he thickens the line up okay initially puts himself on a short side there's a couple of players who i want to show you who help drink water with his line organization so i'll let this play through there's my guy back late now i'll just pull it back here a fraction you'll see these two players for the cowboys the foreign defender mitch done three and defender michael morgan they helped drink a water with the lion org by telling to uh drinky get over the other side of the field you've got their arms up and that's as simple as it is go and go would it be the chat in that's in that scenario would it be go left going what they'll say is they'll say flip they'll say flip drinky flip drinky he'll flip to the other side of the play the ball and what that does is this it means there's one two three four five six seven defenders on the long so when ben hunt looks up in this particular situation there's a really thick defensive line so what's ben hunt do he just plays to the inside who's there making the tackle it's scott drinkwater which he needs to do because there was an inside ball option the previous example no inside play option or inside ball option so prepping housing we're at the back on his kelpie dog okay so there are some examples of when a fullback has been in the right position they've counted the numbers right but you found an example across the weekend where it hasn't come off the defensive unit yeah so fafeta was a destroyer last friday night for the gold coast titans but i want to show this i just want to point out there's a play the ball here uh gold coast attacking the brisbane broncos line so if i put the numbers up here there's only five defenders marking up the long side of the field here so there's five defenders on the long side there's two markers there's seven defenders there which means there's six broncos defenders marking this base inside the 20 meter zone all right which automatically gives an advantage to the gold coast titans now dave for feed is out here he was looking for blood the other night but tessie newey anthony milford are stressed and under pressure out here because germain osaka hasn't organised the defensive line with the numbers he needs to normally from that field position you would have seven defenders on the long side which means that milford tessie nui feel a little bit more protected with regards to their numbers okay so compare this to the clip before whose responsibility yes it's a full back but it's a communication between these guys down the short side as well to say hey jermaine we need we need guys to flip we need guys over the right right edge that's exactly right so you saw in the previous example michael morgan and mitch dunn for the cowboys they flipped drink water from the short side to the long side to give them the extra number so all of a sudden cowboys had seven defenders so in this situation here broncos are under the pump only five defenders from where you would have seven defenders traditionally to give support to the right edge defense so it's it's an area that the broncos and particularly dramay sucker needs to improve but also herbie farm with as a left center and also the left half in brody croft okay so if you play this out it results in a mismatch between a giant in dave fafeta the titans have already got the extra numbers here with bodies going through the line up on two smaller men in anthony milford and tessier yeah you can see the amount of space in and around tessie newey and anthony milford yes they could have come up with a better tackle there's no doubt about that but they were under stress from the play the ball there was only five defenders on that long side so again dave for feeding the gold coast titans take advantage of that so the media and the criticism even kevin walters in the press conference said that anthony milford had a nightmare job but it wasn't purely on him it was on their whole defensive unit and not numbering up on the line there yeah it's a team sport so again as you can see some really good examples of governson organizing the line pap and has an organized organizing drink water organizing the line they're the most important person but they need help from other people as well particularly short side defenders but again the responsibility of the fullback is to organize the the structure and the numbers with regards to how many on the long side how many on the short side steve as always great analysis i hope you enjoyed that at home make sure you tune in next week for another episode of the game plan

  Top Comments:
  1. @michaela1211 [23 likes]: This is great insight. As someone relatively new to rugby league it would be  really good to see a segment like this on each position to help converts understand what they should be looking to do on the field.
  2. @maxhoy1606 [6 likes]: Would love to see one on what makes a good winger 👌
  3. @jah-rayebrady3242 [6 likes]: Teddy is the number 1 in the comp
  4. @saltwaterboy1265 [5 likes]: Great analysis. Love this content. Waaaay better than anyone's opinion on Fox or Channel 9!
  5. @Hamish_smith23 [4 likes]: I play fullback and this helped me heaps
  6. @BH.2002 [2 likes]: Great content. Grateful 🙌
  7. @ncsintercity7363 [1 likes]: Great analysis..
  8. @esstaihia7635 [1 likes]: Segment: What makes a good coach...
Anthony Seibold calls in sick😂
  9. @josephbellamy4277: I think billy slater was the best but know tommy turbo
  10. @strikerbowls791: 0:26 well... except channel 9
  11. @kimberlypaige7899: The whimsical supply partly stare because grill distinctly dress of a sleepy ocelot. lamentable, spicy bass
  12. @plad3428: Non coach get better trash why the fk is this thing good comms ggs

- Where Winds Meet How to Change Social Preferences Settings: Kind: captions Language: en If you're looking for how to change social preferences setting in the we minds m game, you can do this quite easily. So to change social preferences uh setting in we mind me mute game. Uh what you need to do you need to simply click on setting button to open the uh this menu. Then you need to go to settings. Here you need to select other option from top menu. And then you will be able to see this option the social preferences setting. Here you will be able to customize the setting in here and you can change it as well. And yep, this is how you'll be able to do this. Hope this will help you. If any question or comment below, make sure to like and subscribe this channel. Thanks for watching. See you in the next video.

- BGMI PRIVACY & SOCIAL ALL SETTINGS GUIDE IN HINDI | HAPTIC SETTING |CONNECTION SETTTING BGMI GUIDE: Kind: captions Language: en Hello Guy Welcome back to the new video Let's talk about the setting of the BJM game whose name is Cross Hair setting Friends, all your scopes have your M on which four types of lines come, you can change their color from here as red, yellow, green as you want. In the game, the default white color is set first, so friends, white is the main color among all the colors, so believe me, you have to keep it set to white. The name of the next option is going to be Red Dot Sight. From here, friends, you can change the color of your red dot scope. Which style do you want to keep in the scope, whether you want to keep a dot, three lines, four lines, you can set it as per your choice. The next option is Holographic Sight, you can also change the color of the scope etc. Next friends is the canted sight which is fitted in the arrow guns, you can change its style and color as well. You can also change the color of 2x and 3x. We talk about the next setting, haptic feedback. Friends, this feature is disabled in your phone by turning on this setting. Your phone starts lagging a lot. To turn it on, friends, you have to go to your phone's settings. Go to the settings and click on accessibility. You will see the option of sound or haptic. If you do not find it here, then you have to search for haptic in the search option of settings. Your phone's sounds and vibration settings will open now. Now you have to scroll down a bit and click on haptic. From here you have to turn on this option. You will see that your haptic feedback option will be enabled. Now you will see two-three such new settings, if you enable them, then wherever you get the location of the emoji, your phone will vibrate. You will feel the damage. When you fire on the emoji, you will get the feeling of vibration. From here you can set the vibration on low, medium, high. And friends, by turning on this setting, your phone may lag a little. Now we talk about the next setting, privacy and social. First, we talk about social settings. The first option is the match like feature. If you keep it enabled, when If any of your teammates die in the game and any enemy sees you, then they can like you in that match. In this way, this like option will be shown to you, that is why I always keep this feature enabled. Talking about the next setting, Spam Island Broadcast setting, if you keep it enabled, then you will hear a girl's voice in the beginning, if you disable it, then you will not hear the voice. The name of the next option is Show Other Player Campaigning. See, whenever any teammate or player comes to your group, then there is a pet with him. If you want that his campaign should not be shown to you, you can turn it off by disabling this setting. The name of the next setting is Show Other Player Campaign. If you keep it enabled, your pet will be shown to you in FP mode and if you keep it disabled, then your pet will not be shown to you. The name of the next option is Show Over Campaign in TPP mode. If you disable this, then your pet will not be shown to you in TPP mode. The name of the next option is Elo Team Recommendation. Whenever any player invites you to DA card, then you get a notification in which one of your friends invites you to the game. The name of the setting is 'Allow Friends Recommendation'. If you keep the setting as 'Neighbor', then you get a notification from your friend in the game, which lets you know that your friend has come online in the game, so you accept it. As soon as you come after the game, you will go to his group. The name of the next option is 'Show Teammate, Spectating Campaign'. If you keep this option enabled, then whenever you become a Robo Pat in the game, it will be shown to your friends. If you keep it disabled, then when you become a Robo Pat, it will not be shown to your friends. The name of the next setting is ' Privacy Setting'. The first option is 'Allow Others to See Results'. If you keep this enabled, any player can come to your profile and see your career results. Which matches did you play first? How many kills did you make? If you disable it, then no one will be able to see your results. The name of the next option is 'Show Outfit'. If you keep it disabled, then only your guns will be visible in your profile. If you enable it, then the bundle you entered will be visible. That too will be visible to the players. The name of the next setting is Allow Others to See People. If you enable this, then your popularity will be shown to other players. The name of the next option is Allow Others to See People Play. If you enable this setting, then your friends can see how many days ago you were online in your game. The name of the next option is Allow Others to See Teammates. If you enable this setting, then other players will be able to see the status of your teammates as well as your status. The name of the next option is Accept Team Invite from Stand. If you enable this, then anyone who is not your friend can invite you to his team. If you disable this, then no player who is not your friend can invite you to any group. The name of the next option is Allow Spectator. If you disable this option, then none of your friends can spectate you. If you enable this, then your teammates will be shown an icon on you which will show the match you are playing. can see him, the name of this option is Allo. If you keep this option enabled, then your friends can send you reservations. If you are playing a match, then you will get such notifications. If you do not want that these reservations should be shown to you, then you can disable it. The name of the next option is Allo Others to View. If you keep this option disabled, then if someone sees your profile, your cloud level will not be shown to him. Therefore, by keeping this option disabled, you can hide your cloud level. The name of the next option is Personal Space Innot. If you keep it disabled, whenever you see the profile of any player in the beej game, then by clicking on this option and clicking on Recent Business, he will think that you have seen his profile. If you want that whenever you check the profile of any player and he does not come to know, you have to enable Personal Space To Mod. The name of the next option is Allo Others to View. Popular Battle. Friends, an event comes in the beej game by the name of Popular Battle. If you enable it, then your Popular Battle will be shown to people. The name of the next option is Allow Others to See My Chat Room Status If you keep this option enabled, players will check the status of your chat room in your profile. The next option is Synergy Online Notification. If you keep it enabled, then whenever someone from your Synergy comes online, you will get a notification in the game. In Synergy, friends, you can make someone your girlfriend or friend your Synergy. The name of the next setting is Allow Others to See Connection. If you leave it disabled, then the connection option in your profile will not be shown to other players. If you keep it enabled, then you will see two-three more options here - Lover, Bro, Badi, BFF. If you keep them enabled, then they will be shown to other players and if you keep them disabled, then they will not be shown to other players. The name of the next option is Royal Pass Information. If you keep it enabled, then the information about Royal Pass will be shown on your profile. Below this, you get to see the option Allow Others to See Royal Pass Profile. If you keep it enabled, then all the Royal Passes you have, your teammates will see them. You can see the name of the app is Airplane Finish. Opt-in by Royal Pass. Friends, this is related to your profile. So whenever your match ends, your Royal Pass rank can also be seen by your teammates. How many Royal Passes you played, how many Royal Passes you received. If you do n't want to tell your teammates or any other player, then you can disable this setting. Same friends, if you want to hide the subscription medal information, then you can disable this setting. Next second, friends, Chair Park is going to happen. Whenever you go into Chair Park mode, whenever you click on Friends, you get to see the feet of the person here. Whenever you click on these feet, your character automatically starts moving and reaches the character whose feet you have clicked on. Friends, if your friend also comes with you to Chair Park and you do not want your friend to follow you, then you can disable this option. This will prevent your friend from following you. Friends, if you disable the option in the next setting, Allow Stranger to Follow Me to Chair Park, then Chair Park All the players in the park will not be able to follow you by clicking on your foot. Many players in the park send you quick draw invitations. If you get annoyed by this, then you can disable this option, which will no longer bother you to play. The name of the next option is Region Features Permission. If you enable it, then you get to see two more settings below. Here your city and your state are shown to you. Once you select your state, then after 30 days you will be able to change your state. Below this you get to see an option called Same City Player, in which friends, whenever you are matchmaking, any random player from your city can come with you. The name of the next option is Same City Chain. If you enable this, then you will see the option to chat with your city on the bird option, through which you can talk to the players of your city in chat. The name of the next option is Region Ranking, so all the highest ranking players in your region will be shown to you. The next option is Allow Others. To view my location, if you keep this option enabled, whenever a player clicks on your profile, your location will be shown to that player. The name of the next option is Receive Radio Message setting. If you keep it enabled, then some such messages are shown in your chat. There are strange icons which are radio messages. So by keeping this option enabled, you will be shown messages. The name of the next option is Display Information and Friend Season Rank, in which whenever your friend checks your profile, he will get to know whatever is your rank in the season. Or if you keep this option disabled, then he will not know that rank. The next option is Friends Time Display Form, when you start the game, you get to know at what time you played the game. Or whenever you go to the history in your profile and check when I played the last match, how should that date be shown to you? You have to keep the day, year, month, from here you can change it. The last setting of the page is Other Settings, in which you get to see Game Play Management System Settings. It is written on it that if you are above 18 years of age then Click on yes, if not then click on no and when you create a new ID in the Beej game, you get the option of age or if you click on no then you have to enter your parents' number here on which OTP comes and even then you can play the game, friends these were all the settings of Beej game, on this channel friends you will get to see a new playlist named BG Guide in which you have been told about all the settings of BG game [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @godahiryt [1 likes]: Played For XYZ Years  Bali Setting Batao bhai
  2. @rajaaryan8661 [1 likes]: Bro, Connection section is not showing. Why?
  3. @brokenangel3647: Popularity ke uper jo teen profile show hoti hai mtlb jisne zda popularity di ho unki profile show hoti hai ..usko enable kaise kare plx replay
  4. @XTvori: Bring the video on privacy and social brother!❤❤❤
  5. @tanveerhsd7921: ❤❤
  6. @tanveerhsd7921: 🎉🎉

- Bgmi  privacy & social setting all information || neu update प्राइवेसी & सोशल सभी जानकारी bgmi\ pubg: Kind: captions Language: en So hello friends, how are you all? I hope people will be fine. So friends, if you also want to maintain privacy in your game through your GMII ID or PUBG ID, then see what you have to do? Click on Settings. And the privacy and cycle settings that you see here, if you know about these settings then you can maintain your privacy inside your game. Ok? So if you people do not know which setting is used in what way and which setting is used for what. Ok? So if you people know about all these settings can decide as per your convenience which thing you want to keep hidden and which thing you can keep published, meaning anyone can see it. So one by one we will tell you what is the function of each setting and how you can keep each setting as per your convenience. Ok? So without any further delay, the first setting that appears to us is the default home page. So look, here there is one hub mode, one lobby. So look, as soon as we put it on the hub or you too will have it on the hub, then what happens is that whenever we play games etc. and as soon as we are playing any game, that is, either classic or TDM, as soon as our match ends, as soon as we come out of that match, then directly we are sent into the hub mode in this way. Ok? So like I should go to the lobby. But it is sending directly in hub mode. So this is the setting that I just showed you. So if you people are also troubled in this way. If you are coming to Hub mode again and again then you have to click on Settings again. Here you have to go to Privacy Uncycle and this hub setting has to be set to Lobby. Ok? So you will not face this problem at all that you are going into hub mode again and again. Ok? So after this, the next setting is In Match Like Funds. So see what is the function of this setting? As soon as you enable this setting, then when we go inside the game and any of our teammates kills someone, then the option of liking is shown on the screen again and again for us. Ok? So guys, you should always keep this setting disabled because it seems to be irritating again and again. Ok? After this, the next setting is Spawn Island Broadcast. Ok? So if you keep this setting enabled then you will hear the sound inside the lobby in the same manner as when we enter the lobby. Correct? Dissipation: So if you are bored of listening to this sound then you have to disable this setting. Correct? After this, the next setting is Show Other Players Companion. So look, whenever we come into the game, who is the companion of the person in our team, whom do we call him in this manner? These people who are visible are called companions. So this show will happen. Ok? So if you guys don't want the companion show, you can disable it. And if you want to show us the companion of another teammate, then you can keep it enabled. Ok? As you wish. The next setting after this is Show One Companion FPP. So look, this setting that you are seeing, if we keep this setting disabled then whenever we have our own companion, it will not be shown to us in FPP mode. If we keep this setting enabled then our companion will be shown to us. Ok? So you can enable and disable it as per your requirement. I don't have a companion so I can't tell you here. Ok? So I keep it disabled. Ok? After this, the next setting is Show One Companion TPP. So look, when we play TPP mode, we can choose whether the companion show is there or not. So basically, if you have a companion, then people want to spend money and watch the show. Ok? So if you want that your companion is not visible then keep it enabled and if you do not want it to be visible then you can disable it from here. Ok? The next setting after this is Alv Teammate Recruitment. So see what is the function of this setting? Whenever we are inside the game and any of our friends sends an invite etc., we get a notification. Ok? And after this the next setting is Allow Friend Recruitment. So this is also the same that if your friend sends you an invite then you will get a notification. Ok? The next setting after this is Show Teammate Spectating Companion. Ok? So look, whenever we keep this setting enabled, if any of our teammates dies in the game, then the companion that we are seeing will be shown in this manner. Ok? And as soon as we disable this setting from here, this companion will not be shown. Ok? So I am showing you live proof here. So look here I disabled it. Now look at this companion, I am not able to show it. But as soon as we enable it, our companion will be shown. Ok? So look, the show is going on. Ok? After this, the next setting is Also Other to See Rules. So look, if we put it on publish, then this is my own ID in my friend. So see, if I click on this profile, I can know from here under this ID how many matches he has played and how many kills he has made in which match. Ok? So the entire biodata is visible. But right now I will quickly hide it from another mobile. And then look, I will show you now. So look, this result is not showing right now because I have turned it off from the other mobile. Ok? So this setting is useful for this. Correct? So if we make it private, then if we keep it published, then the result will be shown and one is only friend. So if we click on Only Friends, then only my friend can see the result and no one else can see it. Ok? So the next setting after this is show outfit. So look, this is a show outfit, if we put it on publish, then see what happens. So here I am showing live proof. Look, this is my own ID. I am logged in from two mobiles. So look as I click on his profile. My character is also being shown here. Everything from his outfits etc. and guns etc. is being shown. Ok? There will be much more. Correct? But as soon as I turn it off from another mobile. And I'm clicking look back. So nothing is being shown ? So this is basically the function of this setting. Whenever you keep this setting enabled, it will be shown and if you keep it private, nothing will be shown and if you make it only for friends, it will be shown only to your friends. Ok? And no one else will. There are three settings here. So I hope you guys have understood. Ok ? So whether you keep it on publish, private or only on friends, you have to keep it as per your wish. Ok? After this, the next setting is Other than Popularity. So look, whenever we can keep it on publish, if we keep it on publish, then look, like I am going here right now, inside the second ID, see here all the popularity etc. is being shown, who has given me popularity and how much is my popularity, but quickly I turn it off from that ID, go to the settings and see, I have just turned it off, I am clicking again, so look here all the popularity has been hidden, okay, so if you want, you can keep it published or private, look on private, it will not be visible to anyone and if you click on only friends, then only your friends can see who has given you popularity and how much is your popularity. Ok? So I hope you guys have understood. After this let's talk about the next setting. Allow other to see day place. So look, whenever we play a match etc., we click on the friend list inside our ID. Look here, if we go to the friend list and look here, the timer shows how long ago a particular person came online. Ok? Or how many days ago did you come online? So whenever we keep this setting enabled, it will show that yes, this person came online so many days ago. But as soon as we disable it, no one will be able to know here, your friend, how many days ago he came online. So if you want this setting that your friend should not know how many days ago I played the game. So you can hide this setting. Ok ? So you can keep it enabled as per your wish or disable it as per your convenience. Correct? After this, the next setting is Allow Other to View Teammate Evasion. So look, whenever we put it on publish, then in this way, like we will click on helmet here and look here, we can see the option of evasion here. So from here we can check who has what evolution. Ok? If you want, you can keep this setting published or private or only friends. Ok? So whatever you like, this setting doesn't have much use. Well, the next setting after that is Accept Team Invitation from Stranger. So if you keep this setting enabled then see what happens, whenever we play a match etc. with a random person and he is sending you requests again and again in this way, as seen here, it shows unlisted here, so if you keep this setting disabled then the repeated requests will not bother you, so if you want you can keep this setting enabled or disabled as you like, okay, after this the next setting is allow expected, okay, so if we keep it enabled then what play a match etc. then in this way anyone can watch our match. As soon as I click on the friend list, look here the video icon will be showing. As soon as you click on this, you can see the match here. Ok? So in this way, if you want that no one should be able to see our match whenever you play games etc., then you can keep this setting disabled. Ok? So I hope you guys have understood. After this the next setting is Allow Reservation. So guys, whenever we play a match etc., we see that there is an option to send messages on the top of the screen, in this you get notifications like this again and again, if you do not want these notifications to come then you have to keep this setting off. Ok? Have to stop it. Have to disable it. Ok? So this problem of yours will be solved. So I hope you guys have understood. Now the next setting after this is Allow Others to View Cloud. So look, if I can put this setting on publish then ah everyone will see it. Like if I keep it on private then no one will be able to see it. And if you do it on friend only, then only your friend will be able to see it. Now let us tell you what this cloud is? Let me tell you. Now look what we have to do? You have to click on the helmet that is here. And here we will click on popularity. So if you look down here, the level is 13. And look here, cloud is written, total cloud. So as soon as we click here, see here, the level etc. increases in this manner, this is called cloud. Ok? So if you want to keep it hidden, you can hide it and do whatever you like or you can friend it, whatever you like. Ok? So I hope you guys have understood. After this, the next setting is Personal Space Ignore Mode. So see what happens whenever we keep this setting enabled ? Like I visit my profile here. Like I open my profile like this. If you open and view anyone's profile in this manner, that person comes to know about it. If you keep this setting disabled or enable it, then if I open the profile of any person, then that person will not know that someone has visited your profile. Ok? So, when I visit, to see who is viewing my profile, the look here i button is showing. You have to click on this. Correct? Like we will click here. Now look, all these people you see have visited our profile. Now this Ignorant Mode setting has been disabled. Then I am getting to know this information. enabled then it will not be known who is visiting my profile. Ok? So I hope you guys will understand. After this, the next setting is Allow Others to View Popularity Battle. So look, whenever we keep this setting on publish, then you all know that our popularity battle is going on, so everyone can see it. Ok? If we make it private then no one will be able to see it and if we click on Friends Only then only friends etc. can see it. Ok? to See My Chat Room Status. So see what is the basic function of this setting? Whenever we keep this setting enabled, then we will go to our friend list. As soon as we click on friend list, see here I have logged in my ID from the other mobile. So look here you will see an option called voice chat room. Ok? So as soon as you click on this, you will reach its lobby inside the chat room. Ok? So now see, as soon as I turn off this setting from the other mobile, look here, that option has been removed. But as soon as we turn it on again, the chat room will be shown to us again here. Ok? So this is basically the function of this setting. Correct? So see, as soon as I started it from another mobile, the show started happening here. So I hope you guys will understand. So if you want, you can keep it enabled or disabled. Ok? And after this let's talk about the next setting. So the next setting is Sanergy Online Notifications. So look, whenever we, like our Sanergy people, keep it on, then whenever we are standing in the lobby and someone comes online who is our Sanergy, that is, with whom we are connected, then his notification comes on the screen. Ok? After this, the next setting is Also Other to See My Connection. So see, whenever we keep this setting on public, then anyone can see our connection level. Like here there is lover, brown, elder and boyfriend, family means any number of connections, that is, whoever is connected with us in synergy, then all of you people there, if you keep it published then everyone will be able to see it. If you make it private then all these settings will automatically be closed. Look, as soon as we click on Friendly, we can see all our friends in Friends. Ok? So this is basically the function of this setting. Now look, let me show you what this connection level is. Correct? So look here we will click on our friend list, sorry on profile. And look here there is a connection option. So look, this connection is being shown that this guy is standing here with me. Ok? And here all the lover bodies associated with you will do all the shows. Like if I just made it private then the shows are not happening. Ok? We can see from here. So this is basically the function of this setting. I hope you guys have understood. Now the next setting after this is Show Royal Pass Information. So whenever we keep this setting enabled, anyone can see our Royal Pass information. Ok? Meaning the show happens. And if we disable this, then two more settings are getting turned off here. So if you want, you can close it from here. If you want your Royal Pass to be visible to others, then enable this setting. Ok? As soon as you enable it, there are two more settings here. Allow other to view Royal Pass profile. So see, whenever we keep this setting disabled, then no one will be able to get the Royal Pass activation by checking our profile. If you want him to get the Royal Pass activation then you can turn it off. After that the next setting is Airplane Finish by Royale Pass Level. So see, whenever we purchase Royal Pass, we get RP etc. and our name is shown on the plan inside it. If our RP is too high then sometimes people abuse us etc. If you want that your name should not be shown on the plane then you should keep this setting disabled. Correct? After this, the next setting is Show Subscription Middle Information. So look, whenever we take subscription etc. inside BGMI, then this is for hiding etc. for that. So you all already know this. Ok? Now after this the next setting is also other also friend to follow my chair park. Ok? Whenever we keep this setting enabled, then see, I will show you live here. For example, look here at my second ID, if I keep that setting enabled then there is an option here. Ok? As soon as we click on this, we can directly follow it and go to the chair park. Correct? So, like a girl etc., she wants to keep it private so that none of her friends etc. come with her. So this setting for that. Ok? So look, I did not have it downloaded so I downloaded it. And as I click here, I can directly go inside that chair park. Ok? So if you want that no one following me, my friend etc. should come to the chair park where I am, then you have to disable this setting. Ok? So if you keep it disabled then no one will be able to follow you. Correct? Now after this the next setting is Alway Stranger Infollow Me to Chair Park. So what happens is that whenever we are inside the chair park, such footprints appear. So as soon as we click on that mark, I can go like this by following whichever person I want. So if you want that no one should follow me then you have to disable this setting. Ok? So as soon as you keep this setting disabled, no one will be able to follow you inside the chair park. I hope you guys have understood. Ok? Enable/Disable Quick Draw Invitations. So look at this setting, if we keep this setting enabled then as we are inside the chair park, then here I came near this guy, clicked on him and clicked on the gun here and clicked on quick drop. Ok? So I can fight with him by sending him an invitation. Ok? So if someone is sending you invitation in this manner again and again inside the chair park. So if you do not want to receive invitations then you should disable this setting. Correct? So the next setting you have now after this is region future permission. So as soon as we disable this setting, four settings here automatically get turned off. Ok? But as soon as we enable it, four more settings will appear here. Like there is a change option here. So as soon as we click on change, from here we will be able to change which city we belong to. Ok? So if you have changed any city or from here you can select which city you belong to. So if you are someone like I am from Lalitpur, then I chose Lalitpur here and clicked on OK. So look here I am writing India Lalitpur Uttar Pradesh. Ok? After this, the next setting is Same City Player. So see, whenever we keep this setting enabled, what happens is that whenever I start the match and the next person is playing from the same city, he also starts the match at the same time. So we can come together in a match. But if you do not want players from the same city, then you can disable this setting. Ok? So this setting is basically used for this purpose. Correct? And after this the next setting is Same City Chat. So look what does Same City Chat mean? Look here, Lalitpur is coming up in the chat with the same name Lalitpur written on it. So here we will be able to chat etc. with players from the same city. Ok? The next setting after this is region ranking. Ok? So, like we can go to the rank here and select the region rank from here and check from here in which rank the player from Lalitpur city is. Ok? So from here, if you want that if someone does not see your ranking then you have to keep this setting disabled. Correct? Now after this the next setting is Also Other to View My Location. So if we keep this setting enabled then we can see our location from here, like click on friend and see here the location option is visible. You have to click on this. As soon as we click on this, all the players from the same location will be shown here. We can play games by inviting them etc. If you want that our location should not be visible here then you have to keep this setting disabled. Ok? So this is basically the function of this setting. Correct? So after this the next setting is Picover Audio Message. So see Whenever we keep it enabled, then here we will click on friend list and from here we will click on message and from here see, the radio message is something like this, if you want, you can send it to anyone. So if you do not want to receive radio messages, you can disable that setting. Ok? So this is basically the function of this setting. So guys, after this the next setting is DD Display Information Friend Season Ranking, so whenever we keep this setting on, then any person's season ranking, if you select it here in this way, then you can check the season ranking etc. of any person, if he is your friend or any other person, then if you want that no one should be able to see your season ranking, then you should keep this setting disabled. Ok ? The next setting is Time Display Front. So look, from here we can change this front etc. which is of our birthday date. Ok? So from here, whatever you want to keep in front, in such a way that when the first day or month comes, you can change it from here by clicking on OK. Ok? After this, the next setting is Show Birthday. So look, if you keep it published here, then every person can see your birthday date. But if you keep it private, no one will be able to see your birthday date. And if you click on Only Friends Only, then only your friends will be able to see it inside the game. Correct? So after this the next setting is show personal in match. So what is the function of this setting ? For example, look at this show Personal In Match which you are watching, whenever you enable this setting, there are two more settings here and as soon as you disable it, these below settings will automatically get closed. Such as show battle status in match and show cycle status in match. So what is the function of this setting for you guys ? Let me tell you. Now, if we die, look here, we can check anyone's match etc. from here. So this is what happens. Ok? So if you want that no one can check your KD etc. from here then you should disable this setting. So all the automatic settings will be disabled. Correct? Now the next setting after this is Show Collection Level. So see, whenever we keep the collection level disabled, then any of our people will click on the connection level like my profile and from here see the connection level which is our level, if you want to hide it then this setting of connection level will have to be disabled, okay, so if you want that anyone can see our connection level then you can also keep this setting enabled, okay, so keep it disabled or enabled as per your convenience, after this the next setting is 'Also other to view bio data', so see, whatever settings you are seeing inside the bio data, if you disable the first setting then all the remaining settings of the bio data will automatically get disabled. Ok? So if you want to keep the biodata setting hidden then you can disable it. Now let us tell you what the settings of biodata are. Ok? So now a lot of people don't know. Then click on profile again. Look here, the price option will be visible at the bottom. So you guys look here, whatever data is there about the match, how many matches have you played, how many kills have you made, is there anything ? So whatever price data you have here, you can hide it from here etc. Ok? So guys, if you found the video even a little helpful then please like the video. And guys, to watch such fast videos, please subscribe to our channel. And see you in a new video with a new topic. Till then, goodbye to Tata.

  Top Comments:
  1. @afreenplayz1313 [4 likes]: Privacy and cycle 😂😂😂
  2. @BSF々S4RJ [2 likes]: Thanks Bhai for this vdo 😊❤❤❤
  3. @1kgamingnepal609 [2 likes]: Good luck bro
  4. @Fighter_Bhai [1 likes]: Bhai tumhari Jankari & English Achhi hai
  5. @ZuniQueen-k9w [1 likes]: ❤🌸
  6. @raj3.3.3 [1 likes]: Thankyou Yaar Bhai Bahut Accha
  7. @imranIslam786 [1 likes]: Thank you bro bahut badhiya tha bro❤❤❤
  8. @Ego_gaming-j9x: 😮😮😮😮😮❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😮😮😮 op bhai bahut mehnat karte ho
  9. @Irfanthebo1987: Allow others to see days played online timing nahi balke jabse game khailta aata he uska timing batata he
Example 3 years se game khailta aata hu,1 years se game khailta aata hu
Yeh timing he
  10. @RajaSab-o7w: OK thanks 😊
  11. @Santosh-ge2dj: ❤❤❤❤
  12. @WaqasWaqas-w7z: Thanks bhai ❤
  13. @jlacgaming: Very helpful video😊😊😊😊❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  14. @surajchaudhary4071: Thsnks
  15. @MiniPanda770: ❤❤❤❤
  16. @Mashupsong1M: Dhanyawad 🎉
  17. @PrincePanwer-uf4ch: ❤❤
  18. @Nishat_Ahmed0: Thanks 😊 🫂
  19. @HarrySingh-m8q: Thank you so much my brother
  20. @SiddharthSiddharth-i5m4l: Love you bhai....❤️🙏

- Neverness to Everness How to Change profile Social Settings: Kind: captions Language: en So if you want to change uh social setting in narness to awareness you can do this quite easily. So to change social setting in neverness to aess you need to simply click on menu icon or escape button and then you will be able to find out do icon edit profile do icon again and then select social settings. So here you can allow friend request show birthday show property show vehicle and all these different type of setting that you can do it on your profile and you can change it as well if you want it. But this is the way you can do it. I hope this video helped you. Make sure to subscribe this channel.

- Monopoly Social Experiment - How Money and Power can Modify Your Mind: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] rationally speaking it would make sense that the more of something you have maybe the more inclined you would be to share it with other people but that's not what our research and what a lot of other research seems to find we brought strangers into the lab in pairs of two with the flip of a coin determined who was going to be a rich player and who's going to be the poor player the rich player got two times as much money to play the game they got to roll both dice instead of one so they got to move around the board a lot quicker and that mattered because when they moved around the board and passed go they would collect 200 whereas the poor person or they'd collect 100 in the inequalities almost immediately apparent to the players how couldn't it be but within a couple of minutes dynamics start to crystallize how many 500s did you have just one are you serious yeah i have three and the rich player started to behave a little differently rich players become more dominant rich players eat more pretzels when moving their piece around the board they become louder they start smacking the board with their piece and the rich players were significantly ruder you don't have enough money they were far more likely to showcase and talk about how well they're doing for me and to belittle the plight of those poor players so they became less compassionate yes and i'm buying it and these are patterns that we're observing consistently over hundreds of different individuals you see people who are winning because of the flip of a coin start to act as if they actually deserve to win looks like i made some good investments one of the questions we ask is why did you win the game and you could imagine that rich players would say well i won the game because of that flip of the coin i had two times the advantage but none not one of the rich players attributed their inevitable success in this game to that force of luck that randomly got them that privileged position in the first place when we watch patterns of human interactions people who feel entitled and deserving of their own success are more willing to privilege their own interests above the interests of other people and often engage in ways that undermine other people's welfare so that they can get ahead and that's a fairly pernicious social consequence but it's not about people who are rich but rather that the experience of being relatively better off than someone seems to affect everyone or would affect everyone in the same way yes we won the lottery peter my god what the hell are you wearing it's a solid gold tuxedo lois i had to fight three rappers down at the nonsense store for this look peter this is not who we are i'm worried the money is changing this family and not the way you hoped well i was hoping it would make you shut up so you're right when we in experiments get actually poor people where we make poor people feel rich again same pattern of results lois don't you understand we don't got any of our old problems anymore we don't have to worry about paying bills we don't have to worry about saving dough all we got to do is enjoy ourselves interested oh my god peter it's beautiful is it a blood diamond ah the bloodiest the two kids who found it were forced to murder each other oh peter i love it we translate perceptions and experiences of being better off than others materially to being better than others the mind makes that translation it seems

  Top Comments:
  1. @victordiesel [18 likes]: Beware those "self made man" stories told by their own protagonists. Its very likely they aren't aware a huge part of their succes could be just plain luck.
  2. @donnellcarr89 [13 likes]: This was a good social study
  3. @deepujaglan251 [3 likes]: The only reason humanity can't transscend is the fact that they go kaboom on slight of achievements and forget the greatest ones in the process 😂
  4. @frankiedankymemes [2 likes]: This is such a good study. 

Interesting, not shocking though!

It's stuck with me since I discovered it a couple years ago..
  5. @MyerClarity [2 likes]: Absolute power corrupts absolutely
  6. @josephstark4259 [2 likes]: Where is the link to the study?
  7. @minx8334 [2 likes]: im living proof,  my parents made money off war and are rich assholes that dont carre about anyone.   i am poor and humble that chose to live in 3rd world countries =]
  8. @GianniGianni-l1u [1 likes]: I've always known this.  It's unfortunate that some people don't understand me not even if I explain it to them (sometimes they are middleclass enterpreneurs).
  9. @Mr_Lion973 [1 likes]: Much doesn’t add up with this...

-  Its a game, having to go around so many times as the rich player, yes you would mess around and skip the piece around the board. 

- You would make light of the situation and the obvious advantage you've been given in such an obviously one sided ans uncomfortable situation, it does not demonstrate malice. It could well indicate guilt.

- Again, its boring, they were set up to win so their body language will reflect confidence in that situation. 

Not to excuse privilege and the obvious correlation but this doesn’t feel like an accurate demonstration.
  10. @thenecessitarian: Now many people participated?
  11. @HenryCasillas: 🧭
  12. @BetoLourencoRoberto: I got the point. The viewr POV. 
The more you please the watcher, more the watcher will value the pleaser. 
The pleaser and the pleased. 
Its a 2 way game. Marked cards.
Thank God im not here to please. Not a slave of 3rd´s pleasure. 
Best of luck for them. I make my own.
  13. @AntiZZbel: The study is irrelevant, it's a game, and that's fake money, people when playing they tend to behave rude and silly like its a part of having fun, in reality things are different
  14. @patrickguzman7355: You should have people who have never ever played monopoly and the one who flipped a coin to be the rich person away so go watch a very in-depth 30 minute  video on the the ins and outs of monopoly, and then the poor person just watches like a 5 minute explanation then you start the match.
  15. @sonnyaragon9223: What
 Is his name,
  16. @Human-b5x: This happens not only with money. But status and power too. I think money is just a marker of status thats all.

Ive noticed people changing like that, for example, when they get special "power" or status in companies. Your colleagues suddenly become tyrants.

And also ive noticed this on attractive women too. 
The more a woman perceives herself as high status and attractiveness, the meaner and egocentric she behaves.
Once i've heard a pick up artist saying that almost all men want to sleep with a "10" but actually marry an "7-8".
Ive met a lot of women, and this is what ive experienced.
Some women who dont consider themselves as "attractive* or high status, or have a condition that makes them socially less praised (religion, skin color,  country of origin), tend to be relatively warmer, and more human. You can talk to them and bond with them. You feel you can trust them. 
Ive meet a girl once that was bullied her whole life, she is very beautiful, but also is the sweetest, kindest, hard working, and more lovable woman ive met.  
Im sure it happens with men, i just dont date men.
  17. @armankhodaei: My question is how smart are the people in the studies? You would have to have a child's level intelligence to think that getting such a huge advantage automatically sets you up to win and there is zero strategy. Personally, I find Monopoly very boring and to be given such an edge, I would just find it outright boring. Already, the game lacks in strategic complexity. So, my question is did they get the stupidest people off the streets when doing this study?
  18. @vishmaster09: It would be a much better experiment if both people brought in were just as good as each other at monopoly. There will be some successful people that think, well they did play the game right because they didn't buy the shit properties. Like they would think they didn't make bad decisions, so it's not always so obvious to them that it's purely their privilege.

It's like irl someone from a privilege background saying they studied in school for exams. They did try hard and didn't piss it away
  19. @docohm50: So if you win the lotto make sure you give it all away so the social justice warriors don't complain
  20. @romynae: Wow. Amazing

- Path of Fury - Top 8 Players - Hitkill Count Community Challenge: Kind: captions Language: en Don't hit me. That's not allowed. No hitting the player. It's abuse. All right, we got this. Get these low blows in there. Come on. That moment where it was just all around here and you just like I'm going to get you all. You ain't got nothing on me. [Music] It's amazing. Ah, this in the stair ship. Just keep it up. Oh crap. Huh?

  Top Comments:
  1. @oliverhinck2567: This is kinda off topic to the video, but are the endless levels canon? Also, will there ever be an episode 2?

- 1000 Players Simulate Civilization!: Kind: captions Language: en i invited 1 000 random minecraft players and divided them into seven teams each team will have 24 hours to develop a civilization and at the end of the 24 hours we're gonna force them all into war and these seven youtubers are each gonna take charge of a team good luck because 30 000 is on the line let's go let's go let's go team we're in the middle of the badlands are there any trees there's one tree oh god oh no you're literally screwed on all accounts hey listen you should be happy you're not the team in the middle of the ocean ocean team you're surrounded by all the other biomes and probably the worst biome fit how are things going we've been doing a lot of building we've been making sure that the defenses are impenetrable for the most part if you guys win you earned it i think you should just try to smooth talk your way out of war we have now reached the halfway point and these bases are starting to look insane sip over you guys are stacked right now holy crap did you guys build all this yes sir nobody's getting in that i feel like you guys are gonna win now and i've seen literally nobody else's build so congratulations holy crap this is like a castle we got like multiple inner walls we have a giant moat i'm glad you guys started taking the war serious and you built a giant burger we got we got our own mysteries burger yeah towards the end the team started to focus on the defense for their bases and ice was even big brain enough to hire five professional builders why do you have a dragon on top of your base because we're fired and dragons spit fire you're literally on ice i'm definitely not putting money on ice right now oh my gosh you guys are literally sitting on the border waiting we're not messing around boy we're not messing around captains this is our final meeting before the great war is there any last words you're all dead wow server begin the challenge pvp is officially on and if they die they don't respond each team in the middle their biomes have a giant slide and if that giant slide is destroyed they are then forced to fight for the team that destroyed it let's go baby let's go we're breaching planes they're all in our land right now they're all in our land oh they're all right here you're about to run into all of them oh my gosh bro there's that all-out war over here there's a whole demon here go boys i just want to see blood sip what is going on i got so much adrenaline in my veins right now jimmy we're going to take home this dog we're going to take on this knob go go yes we're right in there we're right in there infiltrative you finally made it to the slime get some hits in oh plains is dying oh my gosh yellow's also coming in and purple yellow and purple everybody's here planes is gonna die keep going keep going keep going go red deep now that jungle has captured the plane's army badlands saw this as their only chance to strike before they got too strong listen up team badlands we are going to attack team jungle are you ready let's go let's go let's go what guys southwest got a couple badlanders coming over from southwest get them we're defending this badlands is getting destroyed right now we're we've got to retreat oh god this is bad this is bad we need your guys to come to the jungle i'm gonna die i'm gonna die you just walked over there and lost 20 people probably messing with the wrong team oh no i think someone jungle is coming to us oh jungle's breaching you're getting raided oh gosh we gotta defend we gotta defend oh they're breaking through nice nice nice nice oh this slime is taking damage oh my god they're going down oh my gosh they are all a tank in the slime no i will go down fighting with the team ah that lance is gonna fall yes get it oh now we're out let's go jungle has killed planes and badlands now ocean your slime took some damage what happened we've had some attackers from all teams oh they're outside swimming i believe oh the communists aren't eating all right this is it gentlemen this is it let's go jungle kill them all make sure to just hold up the base dude nobody can stop jungle this is insane ice red is also attacking ocean you guys are sandwiching them now is the time okay go go go go go ice is right outside the entrance oh snap desert is coming in hot deader's taking over right now oh my gosh no way desert this is your time one two three start taking down oh the invasion yo this looks insane ocean show us what you're made of i believe in you blue is actually holding them back really well actually i thought for sure desert had you guys that's right we're not giving up that easy wait deserts getting attacked now come destroy let's go let's go let's go come next year come desert come desert desert's about to die how did you guys just get absolutely trashed okay ocean's about to die this time in very buddy it's time to go in it's time to go in hey you just need to land like two hits on the slime oh they're inside oh oh forest oh he's going in is he gonna get it oh my gosh force at the last second stole ocean which means forced in jungle have now both taken two extra armies on their team we're working together this is good this is good we're gonna win this boys yo this looks so epic bro green's on their way forest is coming forest is coming get back to the base now they're in the trench hole down there hold down hold down guys this is do or die oh they're taking damage they're whacking your slap guys get in here red after all you've done come on guys it's not over to the door yes kill them all [Music] we gotta go go go let's go baby yeah wudo you're unstoppable right now communism will thrive communism always wins that means all that's left is ice it all comes down to this all you have to do is take out ice mcburkin we're like mcloser yeah we got this baby we gotta go we gotta go we gotta go 30 grands on the line what's going through your head i'm going out i'm attacking i don't even care anymore dude don't fumble the bag guys let's go we're ready for it don't let him get up the trenches guys i'm breaking through i'm breaking through go go go they're breaking holes this is the final push go go we gotta win this oh forest disabled training if you're not actually fighting a green person get in here oh you're taking damage did it hit it yeah oh he's hitting it 300 hp i'm pretty sure there's more green people in here than purple forest is going to win only 50 health left wait you guys are hurting their slime oh my gosh stand on your slime stand on the slime block the hitbox mark to hit my we're gonna kill him we're gonna kill him oh my gosh we got this he said we can win he said we can win he said we can win go go go we won we won we won we won no way forest wins you are the leader of green team which means you just won 30 000 what oh my gosh no way thank you for watching the video goodbye

  Top Comments:
  1. @TSkillz407 [5 likes]: Watching this in 2026 is hilarious whenever they say we’re taking out ICE
  2. @Will_the_Titan [2 likes]: 1:36 chandler saying he def not putting money on ice is hilarious
  3. @PolishJoe [1 likes]: 3:44  bro said oh shi😮
  4. @JhovenValdez-y7l [1 likes]: idk if its bedrock or java cause they are spamming theyre sowrd
  5. @sandycox7757 [1 likes]: knew a guy in this
  6. @DesiCrafter007: Me
  7. @jasoncain4837: Mr beast needed to shave in this video
  8. @mingyuejiang5574: next time u have these challenges plz invite me!
  9. @joshua5086: forgot how jimmy looked back then, bro’s way ripped now
  10. @aakashrane7849: Yo what team jungle? You all are communists??
Look up on google about the state of Kerala
  11. @kierria6521: What about the other players why they don't get money
  12. @JohnIverBermas: communism ❤❤❤
  13. @Fin4nceDude: 6:40 imagine if it was the opposite
  14. @larry109-cm4ur: 3:52 Among Us
  15. @elementsoflucas7755: When I clicked on I thought it was actually gonna watch a simulation of a civilization.
  16. @Zachissus: It’s good but short and we didn’t get to like meet the teams ya know mrbeast
  17. @FélixDowler: do the leaders respawn
  18. @RayhanaIbrahim-e9d: PLEASE ADD ME TO ONE OF YOUR CHALLENGES
  19. @NetanyahuMC: 1:35 DID not age well
  20. @AliAbbasi-k3q3d: 4:40

- Can I Win A 4v1 Race To Complete The Community Center?: Kind: captions Language: en so I was recently challenged to a race a competition to see who can complete the community's center the quickest being confident is the current world record holder I immediately accepted the race The Twist I was racing against a four-player team to see if I can complete the community center faster than four players could all right we want to count us down are we counting down is everybody good um okay all righty here we go then smile whoa run it back in three two one go No One's Gonna Get good luck on day five guaranteed no I took my bonsai tree I'm so sorry wow Hello friends I should probably mute shouldn't die that would be uh I like when you're talking I mean I need you to tell me your life story yeah how did you get your start in game what you're starting games like what was your first uh my first game played with Super Mario is sunshine on the Nintendo GameCube when I was like five really yeah so did you start your timer he doesn't need a timer leave him be they did not I'm just asking because his his chat's freaking out about it it's supposed to start by itself my bad I don't know sometimes it does that time that's not fair I can't raffle bad luck on day five come on another bad luck day day six okay we're on day four oh I got a good luck let's go on five no you said six how how lucky uh just a pyramid I feel like pyramids are better than purple anyway not supposed to be oh I'm gonna mute have fun good luck all right if anybody's ever seen any of these runs or have seen the stream we are doing in the normal we are just trying to get as deep in the mines as possible ideally to floor 40. collect as many resources as we can so we can pay for strawberries and also craft sprinklers as well as get the items that we need for the Boiler Room oh this is a lot of forage which is very nice this is going to come in handy nice inventory through the horseradishes the safer later we already have the parsnip so we're fine and off we go looking for ladders I could actually I'd skip there but I actually kind of wanted the crates over here for once these are decent great spots for day six generally I say the crates on floor three are fake because I don't really like getting them anymore they're generally not good but I mean two geodes that's 100g we love floor five or 19 might be the most overall hated floor floor 19 is the spiral floor for those who don't know but I absolutely despise floor five okay we're gonna get it eventually we'll get it on one of these on one of these rocks you know it may take a year to find it but I'm gonna probably go down really early against them thing that they have multiple people for the lines but I'll save a lot of the time back and the only reason this is mainly competitive is because of multiplayer sleeping times they need to they their sleep load times take so much longer than single player a lot of times that I save a majority of the time back they also get the advantage of being able to multitask like shocker it's a multiplayer run they get the multitask but it's like they can fish and do the mines at the same time which is pretty big but again the the load times is the main reason this can even be competitive big magnet Rings super nice the main thing that I'm concerned and the only reason why no reset runs are very concerning to do for this category is the lack of weapon if I don't get a weapon on 24 or 29 I'm gonna be in a really tricky situation when it comes to Coal later on we'll see if we get the floor 24 Club we did all right we're gaming we're not in as much of a pinch anymore like really big this is why I'm talking about memorized crates this crate right here we'll have a club in a ancient seed piss everybody off look at it look at it you get to stare at it I'm just gonna eat just stare at it I'm eating no I'm not gonna pick it up it's worthless it's a waste of time for me to use but I have to go all the way to the Museum to be able to get the the thing and then it's just like I'm not gonna go out enough to make it worth it uh or I'm not gonna go out every seven days to harvest it right that was kind of just bad it's cave carrots and Floors it's doable I'll go I'll at least go five more I'll see how many cave carrots I have left at the end of 35 though and see how my eyes do on the ladder test here it's like I have three cave carrots I can technically go to 40 if I get extremely lucky but do I really want to bet on that not really I'm just gonna play it safe here pretty good otherwise so I did 30 more copper still uh and then I need to get 70 Iron uh I need about eight more coal and we're doing great on Stone we should be definitely fine on Stone question is is will I have enough energy to do that as well as getting to 45. I'm trying to kill everything how did I get a second ancient seat already I'd go outside go outside go outside all right I just like to say I've gotten two ancient seeds now that's really good money no it's not I'm not going I'm not going all the way over to the museum just to turn it in all right what am I doing with this stuff oh my god oh you're throwing for me right no you're we're seeing how much we have okay well I put a lot of my stuff in the chest habitually so I'm gonna go all right gonna talk uh I got a letter from that transition to a missing bundle Speed Run let me just delete it to piss everybody off even more uh I'm just gonna skip it's not worth it I need three more iron four more eye or I'm sorry four more coal and then we need 30 iron and 13 copper can't do that many right I got a third ancient seed there's no way oh I got the perfect amount I was gonna be so mad if I got to I got three ancient seeds all right that wasn't terrible okay okay the game is trolling me now that wasn't a terrible Minds could have been better they'll need an aquamarine doc was gonna be the most annoying thing to get granted I can get it later but still gonna be the most annoying and we have all three of those which we are good to go do others smelt there and then we're off Festival pretty solid it is still raining after the 13th I was expecting with all the rain days before the 13th that it would just not rain but apparently this is the it is spring April showers bring May flowers it does make sense the average amount of rain that you get uh between the 13th and the 23rd which is the strawberry growth days before we have sprinklers is two so I already got the average the lovely cat as much as I would love to say yes to it it needs to be sacrificed to the rain gods to get the rain that I need in summer it also just gets in the way it's kind of funny because if CA didn't make it so we couldn't decline the animals the animals would probably on average lose a minute every single run for us and that's just that that's not including the time or the extra time it takes to name it and uh get the extra cut scene that's just how much it would block our way because we will be using a little bit of our house and if the cat spawns in that little bit of area in your house on a rain day you're completely screwed and you have to like walk past it we got four rain days this spring that's really good so there's two goals for these strawberries it does two things first off we need it for money we just need a lot of money to be able to buy everything the second thing we need is farming XP because we want to get Farming level 10 ASAP but what comes before farming level 10 farming level two the thing that I just completely skipped because it's faster what can you do at farming level two craft the best sprinklers in the game basic sprinklers these things are way overlooked they solve all your early game energy problems which is what most casuals complain about they solve it and you only need to get Farming level two not farming level six which is ten times as much xp needed technically a little less it's like eight but my point it's so easy look at that I didn't have to water any of these strawberries it's crazy but their pattern is impossible oh yeah crazy hard their patterns actually satisfying in my opinion until once you learn it it's a very satisfying pattern because it's a little quirky you know it's not just squares like or like uh quality and uh iridium they're a little quirky you know so yeah I'm prepping for Quality sprinklers we will still be using quality sprinklers come off Ball but to get to uh quality sprinklers we use basic sprinklers story we will be needing one gold quality strawberry later so that's why I'm holding on to one going to be a gift for Demetrius we are going to open up the CC today this is a newding Time we're gonna be buying a little bit here [Music] backpack upgrade so a few things hotkeys in on the PC if you press e while holding something in your inventory or in your shop menu uh it will immediately go to the first available spot so I left click press e to get some of these the other thing that you may not know you can shift click to buy five at a time or shift and control click to buy 25 at a time so that's important because I technically only need 44 straw or 44 blueberries the issue is is I don't want to have to individually click uh four times to buy four blueberries so I just buy 45 and plant extra I was trying to figure out where I was missing one uh and that extra one is like right there where the wheat's supposed to be and then I do the same thing with wheat I don't need nearly I don't need 75 wheat at all but it's just faster to buy the 25 at a time than to like try to get like the eight left over here it's just much it's much faster in the in the menu to do it this way it's a very specific way of doing the menu you'll see me abuse the 25 mechanic a lot more on the full first menu and I don't even want to begin to explain how that menu works just know that I'll end up with the exact amount of money I need because math all right in summer here we're looking for four rain days to have the week grow up we're guaranteed to one on the 13th and one on the 26th so that means I just need two random ones other than that we're gonna replace the melon with the hot pepper that I didn't plant and then just go I'm pretty sure we're at two rain days so I just need one more random rain day again where I'm guaranteed another one on the 26th okay also I don't know how that tree grew that's really annoying I'm gonna have to destroy that and fall we are going to be going to the mines one last time I need to get a solar Essence still so I need to make it down five more floors to get the floor 50. and then I gotta kill a ghost for solar Essence I'm also going to pick up a little bit of iron I still need another aquma Marine and then I need six more bat wings I try to get the first ladder via a monster ladder on 45 it just makes it consistent so I don't have to waste a bunch of energy on this floor kind of reset it until I get a few enemies and then go and kill them break a few rocks I got I don't know what my odds are on the amount of artifacts I've got in this run but this is insane I've gotten two dwarf scroll threes and three three ancient seeds actually a very clean 50 as long as I can get off of this before no aquamarine so I will have to farm for it a little bit I'll probably go until last second for aquamarine I don't really want to Yellow it from the Quarry getting a lot of coal I do need a lot of money on those days so getting the coal here is pretty important I have everything pre-smelted I only need 19 total for every call I get saves 150 gold apparently want to aim for at least two I don't need the winter route yet I can easily get it later I probably should have just deleted a tomato though yeah we're good on coal uh yeah I need one more batwing and I need to farm for a little bit of iron to make sure I have enough money let me just do 50. it's a it's a big floor there's the second lock I'm not gonna worry about picking it up it's unneeded three Aquas you know on the same floor Dave is this game has a sense of humor all right so I would like to give you a little update I have found three ancient seeds now and two dwarfs roll threes holy moly are you gonna go ahead and grow them no I deleted them all oh what the heck dude oh yeah what the heck we're uh we're in Fall I just got the white large egg so how do you feel uh I am done with day three so I'm a little behind that's okay though because you got really cool scenes yeah yeah but you know I've also joined because I do have a Omni geode and you know what that means right oh are you serious you're gonna open it right I'm gonna open it it's gonna have it I swear okay wait who's going to the mines is it me it's me and you said you wanted to go fishing so you're going fishing okay okay clear comes process geode there's an Earth crystal I lost a 50 50. unlucky dude maybe next time imagine winning like the one in 30 but losing the 50 50. oh that's heartbreaking just like to point that out that's the second time I've lost the 50 50. foreign we go and we're going to be turning in two bundles and then the wheat and the hay those up you can animation cancel out of the cutscene so I can start moving again real quick awkwardness there we're gonna walk all the way over here ozen and then walk out of the community center before the cutscenes finishes allow us to get close to Pierre's all right this menu is very confusing I'm not even gonna bother trying to explain it just know I'll have the exact money I need by the end of it that essentially just abuses the sellback mechanic and the fact that 75 blueberries sells for exactly 12 coffee to Trout soup and a training rod it's a fun menu when you do fast I didn't sell the big bunch of blueberries fast enough though you want it to be the last thing that you sell so it's at the very bottom of the menu but I scrolled to the bottom of the menu before I sold it so I had to scroll again not waiting for the train ooh instant rain day we're fishing in this particular spot because it's the lowest fishing depth that you can get so it has the highest chance of giving us trash for those who don't know on your very first catch if you get trash it will convert to a sunfish no matter what weather you're in what season you're in or whatever you're doing so I'm trying to exploit that and get a Sun Fishing fall which means I don't have to do it in Spring after that I need sardine red snapper tilapia this is either a snapper or tilapia I'm actually leaning more towards tilapia was a snapper though it's fine all fish have patterns in this game you just gotta memorize all of them sometimes they overlap with each other and you can't tell the difference but you can you can get a general take from it it's like this is a tilapia or a snapper again hoping it's tilapia but yeah it's probably just a stamp I do need the fishing XP so it's not like a terrible loss I do want more cash for tilapia if not I'll just catch it in summer you win that's fine oh early cockle love to see it I'm gonna zoom in the reason I'm zooming in is it makes the GUI bigger so I can actually see what I'm fishing and what I'm trying to catch somewhat difficult fish like the catfish and tiger trout it's just annoying to zoom in and out constantly so I only do it for this okay so we're just missing catfish and I guess tilapia now the real question is is how fast can I get this eel I get the eel in like one try pretty solid get me out get me out get me out there's already a seaweed back there at the house so how's the fishing going for you guys because it's 10 p.m and I just caught the eel oh we're in Fall dude I just caught the eel it's 10 P.M we're actually in winter it's the Wizard's birthday oh crazy crazy when's your birthday uh May 9th chat quick oh wow oh my God happy early birthday yeah I'm gonna be in Arizona during it so oh I'm so sorry what why will it sisters college graduation ah happy birthday you're gonna be gonna be in jail crew just ride your bike over here like eight hours away yeah you're really close I think it's gonna be more than eight hours yes I'm turning old years old feels old man I think I have it I have it oh man I don't know yeah how old are you attorneys what year is it oh nice it is 20 23. I'll be turning 24. holy okay you and Lee are the same age oh yeah literally you just asked all right I need 33 pumpkins somebody reminded me about that in a second can you throw you're going a little fast am I going a little fast yeah a little tiny distances are walking distance if you have enough time to get there so true the eel is just wanting you to get the bream you got the brain even get the catfish or the tilapia too is the worst part I got the tire trout though hey there you go uh it's so cool you're having fun though right all right great time with fishing hopefully uh tuna goes not the exact same way I hope it does but you know it feels better than the competitor it makes sense too miss you I didn't get a purple mushroom oh what wait you're gonna purple washer around the 15th well you still got the 28th yeah you still gotten the rest of the month I guess this is kind of evenly matched because the load times are super slow uh main reason s I'm not throwing no haboos no I just get accused of it all the time TG that's not me I gotta do math give me a minute okay good luck uh I have 10 coppers I only need to buy 15. 833 pumpkins actually really don't need much uh yeah we're we're gonna be like really fine on money because I'm over I'm over a hundred Stone higher than what I normally am at and then I also have eight coal and ten Copper from fishing it's uh move I think if you can do the math fast enough this is technical thank you allows me to not have to do math I don't know where I'm missing the last one don't really care amount of wood it's kind of crazy like when I bought as much wood as I did I thought for a second that I messed up but it's like there's and I literally don't need to buy anything until I sell all right the winter we go [Applause] I forgot the purple mushroom I I guess I have a backup and be a little annoying but I have a backup no I'm not going to floor I'm just gonna I haven't turned in the Solar essence I'll just get a second one Ah that's a little frustrating but whatever they'll be it that's my backup he loves uh solar Essence as well I just have to get another one from a ghost under the world kind of like sucked all the life out of me doing that mistake we're still gaming we're still in this I'm gonna like I just get annoyed at myself when I make uh mistakes like that like if RNG screws me in a no reset run so be it like it's it's whatever it's like that purple mushroom I should I should have never forgotten it okay I feel like I have way more wood than I should possibly ever have right now but I it's it's fine I probably won't need to get any wood whatsoever for the rest of the game you have Sunfish already so that could be a turn and if I tried but I'll probably just end up checking the the beach or something uttered on the clicking but it's fine so what are we missing still we need tilapia catfish uh I need a second solar essence I think the and uh I need a crap hot item those are the things that I could have that I don't have that's not bad man we're kind of just chilling we don't have this is hibernation season we have until summer before uh your run really gets back into it sturgeon tuna tilapia find that owl seems to be cooking gotta find Ali 20 points alien missing the meteor night event the crop fairy and the uh which the collect all five yes the goal is to collect all five and event percent it should hit us level 10 farming for that delicious 40 Artisan bonus you know please or tilapia I mean noon tuna is not the worst tuna I've ever had a cell cells one two and one two 5 price Apple I have so much wood we're just missing two more we just need the space urchin and the witch are you guys doing on event percent I'm done oh actually yeah I don't think we've had any how many do you have I have the fairy the owl and the uh Alien one so I I just need uh the Witch and uh space urgent and then I have The Infinity Gauntlet bingo bingo drinking Bingo for every event we get uh we didn't get anything by the way do you want to hear me that sounds horrible guys at least in summer the rest of college I hear you're in summer thank you Lee we're kind of in summer if you think about it really hard yeah but we got more fish oh I got the witch I just need one more there's no room for this here for the meteorite the spawn though dude you're playing Pokemon you're playing a different game it's just even more just collecting them all to be fair we did have like three nights of like 30 second loads so yeah I mean that's just how multiplayer it is it's the only reason this is close has been kicked twist yeah sad I had to sleep outside I wasn't like that torn up about it but not because of Internet [Laughter] yeah there's hopefully improving the net code for the next update but apparently they were supposed to make it so that it's like the default Max is eight players but they reverted that oh wow that was they reverted that but they're still updated with that code so hopefully it's fine you know it'd be nice too is if they got rid of the uh the flashbangs of any kind that'd be so nice yeah that would be cool they just need to have the default uh flash effect off yeah that'd be nice oh yeah I don't know how you would fix the mail because it's like it's not supposed to be spammed that's a change to Casual play which CA doesn't like doing all right good luck games respond back in the main house good luck buddy you feel sick that day I was sick because uh my gameplay skills are sick I don't know what you're talking about the good news is I have chopped enough wood outside of like just for funsies that I can repair the bridge if there's not one on this left side yay pretty sure I've had so much extra money this run that I have that I have the wood do that too that too no idea I had 260 Stone going into fall day three use your mind it was like uh 24 minute Minds okay I guess that's like three minutes above your average or whatever actually only like two I was Green at some point against PB this run are you serious yes I was green I think going into fall fish 7 P.M eel and I just got a 7 P.M sturgeon so good luck thanks YouTube that was toxic hurt everybody muted I got the pomegranate at least I got the crap oh that sturgeon is like drained all my energy uh not build I'll build yes love me tweet I hate this game I really hate this game that's that's so comical uh it has a sense of humor this game just has a sense of humor it's such a good sense of humor that's a good card but it's so messed up that it's after sturgeon egg right I only need a H it's based off your monitor res ever tricked into thinking that I'm playing at a 2K game res allows me to see a lot more what most people can and it seems like this race is close we're basically neck and neck again really comes down to how fast I can complete turn-ins the the desert what the hell average I can sell them right yeah I have the wool I have the okay Lemmings no I'm done with animals I just got the rabbit's foot in the duck feather on like the sixth day yeah okay you can just hold hold Jess back don't let her finish quick okay now Lee do we only have so many hands you have four times as many hands as I do nice math that checks out I'm gonna check the car Robert live you ready I got a pretty crazy cart you know the sturgeon that I missed six times it was in the car it's also in our cart there is a chance a brown egg what he gave large brown egg dude if you finish in the next two minutes you could PB oh yeah true I am so slow at turn-ins yeah okay Lightning Fast guys I know I've actually I've actually just being a boomer with these turdens I bet you're slow is still faster than my fast you're gonna get the meteorite you just like zoned it out bed is calling Robert sleep time oh I got the naughty shell again that's fine we'll take it no it's not okay never mind you know what scratch that not fine like how have you not given me a truffle yet or am I just both big don't cook what are you guys doing like October 17th or whatever twitching it up oh listen I'm bringing I'll bring my laptop I don't have mobile desktop either you can play on my phone a what a laptop it's a mobile desktop spamming oh I still need to get another solar Essence because I didn't get a purple mushroom in Year One oh I did that come on in everybody in the water is fun what I don't think the pig is giving oh no he has given me a truffle yes bye cow um let's not turn in today um I really think I'm just waiting for Oak resin and then the male gift stuff I think that's all I have to wait until late into winter for this because I need to I need the maple syrup the oak resin and then I need two more resin for exotic yeah you always get one too all right moment of truth what do you think do you think I'm gonna have both of the gifts or nah no yeah I have had runs where I just don't have the fire courts whatsoever quick seizure warning chat I hope you don't get it but I feel like you're going to purple mushroom Jade Fire Quartz bereave not only show I've had I got so many gifts unlucky dude I got what I needed can you throw no yeah please I've already thrown because it's the night market and I warp down there now I have to walk back up unless if I want to reopen up all my mail but it would be funny and quirky if you did I mean with the amount of gifts I got I would probably get it back again because I got two breams a nautilus shell Fire Quartz and Amethyst two Jades and a purple mushroom so I got like four gifts from each person wow keep in mind it is winter 17th so it's not that unlikely yeah never mind that makes more sense oh wait I have a nautilus shell I'm stupid I got it from the mail wait a minute the last thing you needed uh uh it should be unless if I'm forgetting something random actually I mean I still need a uh I still need to go get a solar Essence from the mines I'm checking oh you do yeah because I I had to use my solar Essence for the wizard gift because I didn't get a purple mushroom the only other thing that I possibly am missing is the hardwood but I'm pretty sure I have it in a chest I'm gonna go double check yeah okay no don't double check yeah it's in the CC chest oh Jess do you want to um clear space for me to run yeah hopefully I have everything if I'm missing a fall locked item it's over so I hope it's cope right now I hope you don't turn in stuff we'll see yeah I hope you forget something I hope you forget something it's also kind of a Gamble I need a muscle what we can do is if we get the rabbit rabbit's foot we can check the mail like you said Jess instead of sleeping the next day is it guaranteed don't get it oh never mind we'll put the muscle on the beach are you kidding me okay to be fair I'm like level four fishing so I was just gonna buy a crab pot and sleep anyways oh oh wait I don't have the money for a crab pot never mind I got the I had that happen not giving it to us it was the coolest how many hearts did they have probably two like or one and a half or two yeah two Two Full Hearts well I'm done wow ggs wow it was much closer this time at least that's true that's true well we were too far behind you the last time though either I think yeah but I mean this time it's just rabbit's foot death yeah yeah this one is uh we just didn't skill hard enough

  Top Comments:
  1. @Gschneebs11 [1 likes]: "I don't want to go all the way to the museum for the ancient seed" -- proceeds to go to Clint 🤦🏼‍♂️
  2. @ineedbread6262 [1 likes]: This dudes music choice is top tier
  3. @Triple_Epsilon [1 likes]: Basic sprinkler patterns are the same as Minecraft sugarcane farms
  4. @bain69 [1 likes]: drop the seed # for the ancient seeds lol
  5. @Piemon19 [1 likes]: This is the first time I've seen one of your speedruns and my reaction basically was "Oh I've heard this guy is one of the best at Stardew OH MY-"
  6. @XXdarksidecookie: 22:05 12 days till hes 27👀
  7. @errvega2705: Yes
  8. @LEVICR43: Man the player base of this game is odd
  9. @Megs0325: Who needs Stardew wiki when you ARE Stardew Wiki
  10. @loknight356: 10:40 didnt used sprinkler in first run as i didnt know anything bout the game but used it in second one soooo much better had soo much more time even though planting 100 crops which for me i player who had not even played till winter in 1st playthrough is a lot and soooo much less tiring
  11. @prismiemona: Stardew Valley speedrunner versus 4 hunters
  12. @joshw9424: Three ancient seeds, bro ain't beating the cheating allegations 🤣🤣
  13. @dannyphinotelli2866: CA doesn't like changing how casual play functions because 99% of players are casual players. it's a casual game
  14. @mrsnekk5297: Jeff is annoying
  15. @lauracynthia7175: wait i have the same bday as haboo
  16. @mapleleaf95: i played stardew few times and now i finally decide to use basic sprinklers for less watering, and its so good! i have so many time to do other stuff with limited energy, so instead of only farming and foraging skill lvl up fast, this time every skill is lvl up balanced except for fishing went to lvl 10 first (which i did most of the time at first year) and combat is the last to finish (mobile version makes controls really bad during combat so i did it less)
  17. @waxei: why is his tool speed so fast?
  18. @nicoperez2188: lol,why are you a girl?
  19. @wahaw2: So I've never watched any speed running content. Brand new to watching any SDV content at all. Wtf are you even doing, it looks like your character is just hopped up on drugs. Is this animation cancelling???
  20. @panjamysy: Lol, I'm in Winter Year 1 and still haven't completed it because when I play chill games, I play it chill.

- CHALLENGE RATING | The ONE Thing You Need To Know: Kind: captions Language: en No one: Challenge rating! Yes, of&nbsp; course, I use it as intended to&nbsp;&nbsp; prepare combat encounters and calculate the&nbsp; appropriate level of difficulty for my party,&nbsp;&nbsp; always accounting for their resource&nbsp; expenditure during a given adventuring day! Me like 4 years ago: Oh, CR! Yeah,&nbsp; totally Critical Role has been such&nbsp;&nbsp; an inspiration for me when I DM,&nbsp; and I'm trying to use the what&nbsp;&nbsp; Matt does to really just bring out&nbsp; the best in my game and my players-- So challenge rating or CR is that little&nbsp; number near the bottom of the most important&nbsp;&nbsp; information on a stat block. It's meant&nbsp; to give you an at-a-glance look at the&nbsp;&nbsp; difficulty rating of a monster, but there's&nbsp; a lot of behind the scenes to those numbers&nbsp;&nbsp; that you can use to really calculate optimal&nbsp; encounters for your group! Using CR can be&nbsp;&nbsp; anywhere really from an art to a science,&nbsp; and wherever you fall on that spectrum,&nbsp;&nbsp; in this video we're going to break down&nbsp; what CR really is, and how you can use&nbsp;&nbsp; challenge rating most effectively for your&nbsp; game with some tools to help you do so! And&nbsp;&nbsp; the ONE thing you must remember whenever you're&nbsp; using CR to design encounters! Let's do this! Hey, Bob here :) and welcome to Bob World Builder&nbsp; where we learn how to have more fun playing D&D&nbsp;&nbsp; together! So hit that subscribe button for new&nbsp; videos every Wednesday under your subscriptions&nbsp;&nbsp; tab! Now the Dungeon Master's Guide has some&nbsp; very math-heavy pages about the four levels of&nbsp;&nbsp; encounter difficulty, XP thresholds, multipliers,&nbsp; modifiers, budgeting for an adventuring day,&nbsp;&nbsp; but you don't need to use most of that stuff!&nbsp; I'd bet this is the first time a lot of you&nbsp;&nbsp; are hearing about it! And while I've read that&nbsp; section, I've never actually used those pages&nbsp;&nbsp; to calculate optimal encounter difficulty for my&nbsp; game, and I've been having fun playing D&D for a&nbsp;&nbsp; couple years now! But in those several pages of&nbsp; tips for setting encounter difficulty, there is&nbsp;&nbsp; ONE box of text about CR: what it actually is and&nbsp; how you should use it! So let's break that down! "When putting together an encounter or&nbsp; adventure especially at lower levels,&nbsp;&nbsp; exercise caution when--" Hold up! "Exercise&nbsp; caution 'especially?'" No, no. 'Exclusively'&nbsp;&nbsp; at lower levels! There should be no caution at&nbsp; the higher levels because encounter balance goes&nbsp;&nbsp; against a lot of what D&D should be! An immersive&nbsp; world where anything can happen, and your party&nbsp;&nbsp; will need to think their way out of just as many&nbsp; encounters as they can fight their way out of!&nbsp;&nbsp; Balancing encounter difficulty is really just&nbsp; a matter of trying to keep your party alive,&nbsp;&nbsp; and in the first few levels of the game (maybe&nbsp; level 1 to about 4 or 5), it is pretty easy&nbsp;&nbsp; for characters to die. So at level 1 when your&nbsp; party can get squashed by just about anything,&nbsp;&nbsp; it's good to use CR. And this&nbsp; is understandably very tricky&nbsp;&nbsp; because if you're a brand new DM running&nbsp; for new players and no one knows what CR is,&nbsp;&nbsp; here's this other thing you have to learn about&nbsp; this whole game system you're trying to wrap your&nbsp;&nbsp; head around! If that's you, we'll talk about&nbsp; an easy way to do that in just a second! But&nbsp;&nbsp; in my opinion trying to balance encounters beyond&nbsp; level 5 is just very counterintuitive to what D&D&nbsp;&nbsp; is meant to be! Just lean into what is likely&nbsp; to happen in that type of environment and what's&nbsp;&nbsp; going on in the story that your players need to&nbsp; know about! Should you choose to use CR throughout&nbsp;&nbsp; your gameplay, it should be one of the last things&nbsp; on your list when coming up with encounters. "...exercise caution when using monsters whose&nbsp; challenge rating is higher than the party's&nbsp;&nbsp; average level." Here is some simple, actionable&nbsp; material and it's the way that I think most DMs&nbsp;&nbsp; actually use CR! Look at the stat block. It's a CR&nbsp; 4 creature. That means if you have a party of four&nbsp;&nbsp; level-four characters, it should be&nbsp; a pretty fair encounter for them.&nbsp;&nbsp; If you have two monsters of that same challenge&nbsp; rating, now it's really sliding into the monster's&nbsp;&nbsp; favor! Even adding a CR 1 creature with that&nbsp; CR 4 one will make things pretty significantly&nbsp;&nbsp; harder for your party! And yeah, there's plenty&nbsp; of nuance to really doing this correctly which&nbsp;&nbsp; we'll cover in just a minute, but first here's&nbsp; why you need to look at that average party level! "Such a creature might deal enough damage with a&nbsp; single action to take out adventurers of a lower&nbsp;&nbsp; level. For example, an ogre has a challenge&nbsp; rating of 2, but it can kill a first level&nbsp;&nbsp; wizard with a single blow." Bingo. It's really all&nbsp; about just giving these super squishy characters&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance at survival! So when you're looking at&nbsp; a stat block and the challenge rating seems okay:&nbsp;&nbsp; it's within one level above or&nbsp; below your average party level;&nbsp;&nbsp; it's still really important to look at the&nbsp; damage it can deal in a single action. If the&nbsp;&nbsp; maximum single action damage is higher than the&nbsp; characters HP with the highest HP in your party,&nbsp;&nbsp; you probably don't want to use that monster! Or&nbsp; you can just change their damage dice to something&nbsp;&nbsp; a little bit lower. And many creatures&nbsp; even at these levels have multi-attack,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning they'll be doing not one but two attacks&nbsp; of that same type per turn; thereby killing&nbsp;&nbsp; two characters in one turn and super likely&nbsp; spiraling toward a TPK! And like I said at the&nbsp;&nbsp; top of the video, this is all about giving those&nbsp; squishier characters, especially at level one,&nbsp;&nbsp; a chance. But there's a whole style of play where&nbsp; people like those first level characters having a&nbsp;&nbsp; tough time! So leave a comment below about&nbsp; whether or not you think those squishy guys&nbsp;&nbsp; really do deserve a chance! And if you've noticed&nbsp; how even starter modules can be really unbalanced,&nbsp;&nbsp; check out my guides on the Dragon of Icespire Peak&nbsp; for help balancing all of those encounters! This&nbsp;&nbsp; summer I'll be publishing pdf guides of each&nbsp; of those videos on my Patreon, just like I'm&nbsp;&nbsp; doing now for Rime of the Frostmaiden! Liking,&nbsp; commenting, subscribing, and joining Patreon&nbsp;&nbsp; are all great ways to support the channel, and me!&nbsp; So thank you! But now let's get back to the text. "In addition some monsters have features that&nbsp; might be difficult or impossible for lower level&nbsp;&nbsp; characters to overcome. For example a rakshasa has&nbsp; a challenge rating of 13 and is immune to spells&nbsp;&nbsp; of 6 level and lower. Spellcasters of 12th level&nbsp; or lower have no spells higher than sixth level,&nbsp;&nbsp; meaning that they won't be able to&nbsp; affect the rakshasa with their magic,&nbsp;&nbsp; putting the adventurers at a serious&nbsp; disadvantage. Such an encounter would&nbsp;&nbsp; be significantly tougher for the party than&nbsp; the monster's challenge rating might suggest." So this tells us that CR can be a great indicator&nbsp; of a monster's difficulty, but it's really&nbsp;&nbsp; important to read the whole stat block! That&nbsp; last line about challenge rating being kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; misleading is basically a subtle admission of this&nbsp; one thing you need to remember: challenge rating&nbsp;&nbsp; has no context! ~no context!~ There are just far&nbsp; too many variables that the makers of this game&nbsp;&nbsp; could have ever tried to wrap into one single&nbsp; number: the number of enemies, the environment&nbsp;&nbsp; and what's going on around the party during&nbsp; this combat, are they fully rested or not, do&nbsp;&nbsp; they have magic items including health potions--&nbsp; that is a huge way to turn the tide of a battle!&nbsp;&nbsp; CR is good for the mechanical side of D&D that&nbsp; needs to be kind of streamlined for adventurers&nbsp;&nbsp; league play, but D&D always was and will be&nbsp; primarily a game for your friends and your family&nbsp;&nbsp; at home! So when designing encounters, focus on&nbsp; what's fun! What are some cool monsters you've&nbsp;&nbsp; recently read about that you want to incorporate&nbsp; in your game? If they're in a desert or an arctic&nbsp;&nbsp; wasteland or a forest, they're going to probably&nbsp; see very different monsters in those kind of&nbsp;&nbsp; locations! And if they're in a forest, what's the&nbsp; likelihood of running into a green dragon anyway?&nbsp;&nbsp; Probably pretty low! There can't be that many. And&nbsp; something like a dragon or many of the big cool,&nbsp;&nbsp; just spectacular monsters in the monster manual&nbsp; are things that will really affect your story! So&nbsp;&nbsp; really you should just be considering what kind&nbsp; of monsters you want your party to experience&nbsp;&nbsp; and why, not what a number tells you to do!&nbsp; Again after about level five when a bunch&nbsp;&nbsp; of your characters have multi-attack, CR is the&nbsp; last thing you should be looking at when planning&nbsp;&nbsp; a cool encounter, but when you're in tier one or&nbsp; you just really wanna make sure they're going to&nbsp;&nbsp; be okay during that adventuring day, use Kobold&nbsp; Fight Club! It's a totally free website that&nbsp;&nbsp; does all the math on those pages in the Dungeon&nbsp; Master's Guide for you! But still, don't get too&nbsp;&nbsp; obsessed with it because those numbers are not&nbsp; going to determine what's fun for your players!&nbsp;&nbsp; Funny enough, those same pages in the Dungeon&nbsp; Master's Guide then include a section about ways&nbsp;&nbsp; to design fun encounters with things that&nbsp; will totally throw off the CR calculation!&nbsp;&nbsp; But only YOU know their fears and their flaws and&nbsp; their backgrounds and their desires of what they&nbsp;&nbsp; really want to achieve as that character! And what&nbsp; will really make for a fun session! So remember&nbsp;&nbsp; to give this video a thumbs up if you found it&nbsp; helpful, and thank you to all the new patrons&nbsp;&nbsp; like Katherine, Daniel, Davi, Vili, Dylan, Aaron,&nbsp; Calvin, The Mustard Tiger, Jimmy, Shane, Dale,&nbsp;&nbsp; Syforce, Jason, Luke and Highlander Wins! Thank&nbsp; you for all your support, and keep building! :D

  Top Comments:
  1. @BobWorldBuilder [16 likes]: 📜 Patreon Sample Encounter Pack: https://www.patreon.com/posts/36929606
🧡 Support on Patreon: https://www.patreon.com/bobworldbuilder
❤️ Subscribe on YouTube: https://www.youtube.com/bobworldbuilder?sub_confirmation=1
  2. @chemilbassa7201 [1 likes]: It's been 4 years, and this videos are still invaluable!!
  3. @ejcohen5299 [1 likes]: Thanks, Bob!  Honestly, I never got my head around the whole "CR" rating until now!  I always thought that a PC Character's LEVEL was his CR rating!  So, HOW do you figure out the CR for a party, anyway?  I have a party of basically, 3-4 players every session.  Some guys only show up when they feel like it!  (I only take off for important religious holidays, or if there's a death in my family-both coincided last month, my dog died.)  Right now, they are 2nd Level, but they're about to be boosted to 3rd Level.  They're in Vogler, just about to face an invasion of the Red Dragon Army, having to protect 400 villagers as they panic while getting into small rowboats, to escape down the river to safety in Kalaman.  In other words, I have "squishy" PCs, 3rd Level, about to face I guess CR 3 or higher monsters...and a single red dragon has a CR rating of 17!!!  YEESH!  Even if they are helped by NPCs, including my own creation, a Level 5 Wizard of High Sorcery, I can't see how they're going to survive this!  (And yeah, one of the supplements I bought on Dungeon Master's Guild DOES throw in Kamala--Kansaldi Fire-Eyes on her Red Dragon, who's after the party, and sets the village ablaze!)  Even replacing a real, live, fire-breathing dragon with a Boilerdrake--which is essentially a bloody TANK with a flamethrower!--and a listed CR 3, I don't see HOW they're going to survive this unless I deliberately fudge the dice rolls behind the DM screen!  I -think that I'm just going to have Kamala Fire-Eyes fly her red dragon in the distance, fighting the Ironclad Regiment (which are I guess, Level 10 mercenaries) but 200 of them, leaving "just" JUST! around 80 or so Dragon Army soldiers, officers, and an ogre or two, not counting squishy goblins, who are pouring through the village gate (which has been stuck in the "Open" position for decades!) all intent on burning the village down and killing just about everybody!  So...picture a party of just 3--4 if I'm lucky!--party members--with a half-dozen NPCs of higher level, to protect 400 people.  Alurian is a Level 5 Wizard of High Sorcery, Becklin is a Level-8 Knight of Solamnia (I would've made her Level 10, at LEAST!), Cudgel is a Level 9 Veteran, Raven is a Level 3 Scout, and the militia (those not dead or injured) are only Level 2 Guards!  Well, at the very least, each Army Soldier is only Level 2--BUT--there are dozens of them!  Not just burning the village, but stealing, and killing--and other assorted nastiness--commoner villagers who are fishermen, plus their wives, children and old folks!  In other words, total chaos.  I'm going to have to seriously think this through!  I definitely want to boost Lady Becklin and Cudgel to something like Level 14.  Darrett shouldn't be anywhere near Level 8, not as a squire, but I'll let that slide.  The wizard is only 16, Darrett's cousin, and Level 5, having literally just passed his Test of High Sorcery.  His most powerful spells are Fly and Lightning Bolt.  (What we really NEED is Doctor Stephen Strange, with Superman and Batman thrown in--never nomind they're from two different comic book companies!)  and those are just the NPC helpers!  The party consists of all 3rd Level, Sorceress, Ranger, and two Solamnic Squires--one of which has a magic, haunted +1 Shield, which I boosted to an Animated Shield.  So, Bob--any advice?
  4. @LuluTheDuck1111: I still don't understand your CR explanation. How does the Party CR come to play with what appropriate monster to fight?
What is one character in the party is CR 10, while the rest is CR 5?
  5. @Devin_Dean: This has been the best video I’ve seen on helping new DMs with setting up encounters and using monsters. Especially the making sure the attacks of the enemies aren’t more than the highest HP’d players health part. I also tried DMing Icespire peak as my first time and my lvl 1 party of just a bard and a rogue (not ideal party already) went up against the lvl 5 manticore at the windmill. Like bruh. So I decided to just home brew one shots. Still a new DM
  6. @epochinfinitysedge5008: "CR"is for tabletop, war game miniture player' nimber crunchers! THAT'S ALL! In war gaming, it is all about the numbers! "A vs B". Dungeons n Dragons was NEVER only supposed to be table top battling. WOTC and most players just don't actual "get" the point of playing an ROLE PLAY GAME! It's never been about the battles. Video game players just don't get that. Dungeons and Dragons ROLE PLAY, is not about "button mashing", and killing! If you do think that, I beg you not to play it. Play anything else, including a video game. Yes, I do have a right to say this. Unlike 99.9% of WOTC  and players were not there, when Gary Gygax held that first game, nor do they really know or understand what and why he wanted to make a Dungeons and Dragons- Role Play, NOT like tabletop war gaming . He wanted to avoid too many rules andtoo much numbers crunching. You all need to get off your elitist, I want, I want, I want, mindset.
  7. @frankprendergast8020: @BobWorldBuilder could you do reverse CR a monster from the monster manual to see if it's CR is correct as far as the rules to create a monster allows.... What I'm asking is can you Bob create a kobold or an adult red dragon using the Monster creation rules to see if it's CR is the same as the book?
And also recreate a spell from the PHB, like fireball, using the spell creation rules.  
And do it in a video post so we all can see the outcome.
 Are they true to their own rules guidelines or do they break them?
  8. @nicoleh3703: It is fun when there's a weird twist as well. I decided to run a battle between a bunch of level 3s and a Displacer Beast for fun. I had just given all five of them a bane (it was part of a solo campaign generator), so my Barbarian ended up with Hunter's Mark for one use. All of a sudden, he could attack without disadvantage.
Then again, there was a round of combat where the beast was distracted since the Druid simulated a laser pointer with Prestigitation.
I really enjoy making solo campaigns go off the deep end
  9. @johnpfaff7532: Bob rules
  10. @EODReddFox: I agree, CR is for low level. After lvl 5, where many classes get extra attack, possibly +1 gear here and there, creative spells, better slots. It generally has to go scaled up single baddie, or some level of mixed with a boss, or a horde scenario. Maybe even cool homebrewed extra objectives for combat. I DM a party of five, lvl 7. A CR 10 stands no chance. No monster has enough action economy to outplay tactically minded players unless they vastly overpower them
  11. @MelissaYoung-t9z: My dude! Thank you so much. This has helped me more than I can express for planning combat. I'm a new DM and am gonna use this to help me plan and balance. Thanks again. Combat is my weakest point so I'm learning as much as I can.
  12. @WolfgangOSS: If you have 4 level 4s the average is level 4. So you use a CR 4 monster. However a party of 2 level 4 PCs still has an average level of 4. Is it meant specifically for a certain number of people in a party?
  13. @Adam_First: Great video
  14. @thalia.tenebris: My father always told me that CR means that a four-person party of that level will lose a fourth of their resources while beating that creature.
(He has been dming for over 30 years.)

For example, a CR 3 Green Hag (without a coven) could be baten by an average 4-person party, but a fourth to half of their resources (spell slots, potions, hp, etc.) will be expended.

Edit: You can also use CR calculators online. There are even ones that take multiple creatures added up into account.
  15. @dantestrider3578: Thank you! I'm planning to start dming soon, but the two games I've played, my squishy lvl 1 character got demolished and I really hated that, so I want all the tools I can get (besides a deus ex machina or two in my sleeve) to avoid my players experiencing that
  16. @Ccagesniper: Everyone forgets to calculate the experience pool of the monsters. 

A monster that gives more experience at the same CR is harder than one that gives less experience. I really like using tools that calculate the experience based on the number of players and their levels and gives me an at a glance idea of how hard it's going to be. It tends to be fairly accurate and allows me to make multiple encounters on the fly per session with out thinking too much about it. 

Just looking at the CR of a creature alone is the completely incorrect way of calculating encounter difficulty and not how the balancing of the system was even designed.
  17. @mikfhan: If total hp after long rest < 16 then add the difference as temporary hp, gives a buffer to avoid random wipes early on so you can run more encounters and short rests.
  18. @andylaugel4241: Multiattack with 3 melee attacks are of special note, as you can drop a PC on the first attack, and the next two attacks have advantage and will make the target autofail two death saves per hit if they connect--high odds of a PC death with no chance for others to offer healing or distraction.
  19. @Evelyn-rb1zj: As a player my gloomstalker/rogue and my brothers soulknife rogue managed to defeat the cr6 warden in the prisoner 13 keys of the golden vault module in a turn each (though I could've oneshot them but got second in initiative) at level 4 and the DM just stared at us like "Well, that was quick..." (if we were using the xp leveling system we would've made it a little under half way to level 5 from that encounter alone XD)

However as a DM I'd have to be much more careful with CR because a lot of the players are far less strategic than me, some don't understand the mechanics or their abilities at all and I'm usually the only "healer" of the party (even as the aforementioned ranger) so it'll be interesting to see how they go with the video game esque "you all have 3 lives and you'll face encounters that gradually increases in difficulty" oneshot thing and I'll give out consumables and things like extra lives, inspiration, extra hp or replenished spell slots/abilities as rewards for doing interesting or strategic things in combat to hopefully encourage the development of some degree of combat strategy moving forward (I might also include a "hint button" if they need extra help lol). Yes this is partly because I like running level appropriate encounters without having to worry that something like 6-8 goblins using any amount of strategy on my part could cause a tpk against a level 5 party...
  20. @CountAdolfo: You got it right, Bob.
CR and 'balance' are NOT useful at higher level because D&D, itself, is broken at higher level and always has been

- Sebi cautions market players on risks from AI tools like Mythos; sets up task force: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] Hello, I'm Muskan Ojha and you're watching Mani. If you consider the stock market or the financial system as just a platform for buying and selling, then in today's time its picture has become much bigger than that. Meaning, it is not as limited as we think it is. Because now this entire system is based on technology. Trading, data, payments, everything is digital and where there is technology, there is a huge danger hidden. The threat of cyber attack and now this threat has taken a new form. Where Artificial Intelligence i.e. AI itself has started finding the weaknesses of the system. This is where the Securities and Exchange Board of India ( SEBI) enters. Which has recently issued an important warning here. A warning has been issued by SEBI stating that AI based tools like Mythos are now developing so rapidly. It is developing itself so that it can identify the weaknesses and vulnerabilities of the system on a very large scale. And if this thing goes into wrong hands, then it can become a big threat for all the financial institutions. Now let us try to understand it in a little easier language. Earlier, finding flaws in the system used to be a very long and technical process. But now AI can scan thousands of systems and find their vulnerabilities in a short time. And if a hacker gets this information, he can take advantage of these vulnerabilities and steal data. The entire system can be attacked by hacking it or disrupting the service. And since the entire ecosystem of the stock market is interconnected. That is why the problem in one place can spread rapidly to other parts as well. Also called the cash scraping impact here [music]. Now, considering this entire risk, SEBI has made cyber security. A task force called AI has been created. Which includes exchanges, registrars, transfer agents and other market participants. And its whole motive is not only to identify the danger but also to prepare a way to deal with it. Such as sharing threat intelligence , providing timely information about cyber attacks and securing the entire system in a coordinated manner. SEBI has clearly stated in its advisory that now companies should not depend only on the old securities system. Rather, along with AI-based tools, it has now become necessary for them to take steps like regular vulnerability checks, timely system updates, patching, strong API security and continuous monitoring. Apart from this, SEBI has also advised to adopt advanced models like Zero Trust Architecture [Music]. In which every access is verified here. Be it from inside or outside. Another important point here is that just securing your company is not enough because sometimes the threat can also come through third party vendors or service providers. That is why SEBI has also said that companies should strengthen the security standards of their partners and vendors [music] and also conduct their risk assessment regularly. Apart from this, it is also advised to connect with the Market Security Operation Centre so that the threats can be tracked in real time and any important actions can be taken immediately because AI driven cyber attacks can spread very fast and the scope of delay in them is very less. If there is even a slight delay, the loss can be huge. So if you try to understand the whole issue, then on one hand AI is making the technology stronger and on the other hand AI is also increasing the cyber threats manifold and SEBI now wants to keep the entire financial system safe by being prepared in advance so that any small weakness does not turn into a big problem. What do you think about this whole issue, what are your thoughts, you can definitely tell us by commenting. For more such news, you can visit our website money live.com and for all such news related to personal finance, business, banking and government policy, you can subscribe to our [Music] YouTube channel money. See you in the next video, till then goodbye. [music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @mr.techno-era7474 [5 likes]: @0:30 हा, सिर्फ EVM हैक नहीं हो सकता, बाकी सब हैक हो सकते है 😂
  2. @birjugupta5616 [5 likes]: AI kisne le aayi😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  3. @राजकुमार-भ2थ7झ [4 likes]: पहले इंसान को नंबर यानी संख्या या डीजिट बनाया गया ( आधार कार्ड या डिजिटल आईडी) फिर उसको बैंक एकाउंट, शेयर, और हर उस जरूरी चीज से लिंक करवाया गया जो जीने के लिए जरूरी है। अब डिजिटल टेक्नोलॉजी द्वारा ही इंसानों को कन्ट्रोल किया जा रहा है। इसी सिस्टम का फायदा उठाकर ए आई भी लोगों को और उनके पैसे को कन्ट्रोल कर सकता है।
  4. @alkeshgajjar510 [2 likes]: इस्का मतलब ये हुआ। ना शेर खरीदो। ना बैंक मे पैसे रखो। यही ना?!?!?!?!?!?!?????🤔
  5. @channelp769 [2 likes]: AI = America India😂😂😂
  6. @jeet143jeet143 [2 likes]: Margin rules लाने वाली सेबी ने option sellers को ज्यादा पैसा लाने मजबूर किया है अब free margin फंड में कुछ भी गड़बड़ होती है sebi को जिम्मेदारी लेनी चाहिए चाहे brocker कोई भी हो
  7. @nnrahbar [2 likes]: limited to unlimited 😞😞
  8. @Newsreporting1 [2 likes]: Thank you
  9. @TradingWithBS [1 likes]: Givt ko mythos ka use karke swiss bank sd paisa lana chahiye
  10. @ayubibrahimkhatri4429 [1 likes]: Yeh topic me general public , investors ko kya karna chahiye. Aap log kaam ki baat bataiye. Lognon ko gumrah nahi kare. Money 9 ke sabhi topics faltu hote hain.
  11. @dhruvcharak4623: ❤u
  12. @MNRG2230: Agar aise hota hai to Bank, trading account ke broker Broker aur Goverment iske liye zimmedar hai...
Bank aur Broker , ki responsibility hai ke apne customer ka paisa aur investment safe rakhe...
Aur goverment ki responsibility hai ki inhe apne control me rakhe yani banko ko reserve bank se control me rakhe aur Broker ko SEBi control me rakhe....
Agar nahi kar saktey hai to Koyi kyue apna paisa bank me rakhe aur share Market me invest kare...

- Sports clubs and players boycott social media over online abuse | 5 News: Kind: captions Language: en used to battling it out on the pitch the biggest names in football are now aiming for a victory on a different platform tackling abuse they've faced on social media for years by taking a stand and switching off [Music] what's happened obviously in the past with myself and obviously my players you know it's unacceptable on the social networking platforms the rangers captain who's had racial abuse online is backing a boycott this weekend as a way of highlighting the hate there at the club's press conference today i asked the team's manager what difference do you think this will actually make if any you hope that the the big media three social media companies are gonna listen and take notes i think the more noise that we try and make together and send the message that we we're going to keep pushing for change and the need for that is cleared this is today just watch this video released by the english premier league why are you a icon you black figure i'mma pull it like how all black people get they don't matter b l d m black lives don't matter the social media boycott is temporary but those working with clubs across the country to address racism hope the effects may be long lasting this group's created a guide on how fans can stop the spread of hate this is about everyone the social media companies have got to stand up to the plate and take responsibility but at the same time the fans have got a responsibility and i believe the overwhelming number of fans they oppose racism they don't want to hear it when they go along to a football match and therefore it's about everyone coming together being educated and standing up to the challenge that is racism some clubs have taken action against fans with posted abuse online social media companies have previously said they have ongoing measures to combat the problem and are developing further solutions one tech expert says that should start with verifying who's posted what that if people know they're going to be held to account that they can be found out there's much less chance this is going to happen um the analogy might be speeding on the motorway you know if you think there's a speeding camera around the corner you're suddenly going to slow down whereas you might be a little bit tempted to just put your foot down on a day when you're in a bit of a rush and you don't think there is a camera around the corner this isn't just a football thing those involved in other sports are taking part too to address all kinds of online abuse clubs and players were usually posed as promo now silent in solidarity alan jenkins 5 news

  Top Comments:
  1. @johnlawrence2757: Please support me in pressuring YouTube to ban all anonymous contributions
Those who use aliases, pen-names or otherwise conceal their identity are responsible for virtually all abuse, defamation, and threats that are found in the app. This is where trolls live, liars cheats, and thieves. And dishonest posters use aliases to boost their own posts. YouTube monitors to interfere with comments.
Help improve the quality of the platform by only allowing honest contributors and making it impossible to post abusive and detrimental comments in threads ...

- Massive outage of Facebook-owned social media platforms: Kind: captions Language: en a million subs social network Facebook Instagram in WhatsApp and injection Sholay notification hypnotized up schedule time 2000 fighting doctor sahiba 419 system company service Twitter account arrangement ad youth instigating box normal speechless possible in apologize for the inconvenience

  Top Comments:
  1. @nicholaskidenge3801 [8 likes]: I almost  concluded that airtel data is not supporting WhatsApp
  2. @wabz. [6 likes]: Sijawai restart simu mara mingi kama leo 😂
  3. @paulthemwalimu [4 likes]: Mimi nimekuja kuangalia hii video hapa citizen , ndio niamini, I've bought data 2 times 😒,, 😂😂
  4. @mwangojerusa6891 [3 likes]: Have switched my phone on off on off thinking my phone has a problem hahaha
  5. @martinkamurua3803 [2 likes]: Nimenunua data mara tano
  6. @simonkamau634 [2 likes]: I restarted my phone to no success then decided to check on Twitter if I was alone and saw WhatsApp trending..God bless Twitter
  7. @mremboruthtv890 [2 likes]: The world is on pause
  8. @iamlaura1904 [2 likes]: I have resarted my phone twice .....toped up data ...then decided to Google.....
  9. @ItzMikeyofc [1 likes]: I thought my wifi has a problem🤭until i called a friend and confirmed her whatsapp was not working.I had to restart my phone several times
  10. @christinehuber823 [1 likes]: At least YouTube inatukeep busy
  11. @wlkmwlkm3381: It was whole the world I switched off my phone seven times but wapi 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
  12. @Kirimikilea: bored
  13. @annewanjiru818: Gosh I even panicked and uninstalled WhatsApp account
  14. @florenlebaron524: Intent;ional.
  15. @aishafarah7450: worse than covid 😞
  16. @WESKAR300s: i was so stressed about this
  17. @mccoyali8398: Yani nimetoka kucheki CNN na bbc news wanaogea na voice moja safi sana but hawa local utasema wamekunwa juice ya ndimu 🤮
  18. @cindynimmore: Mess up
  19. @christineachieng6211: 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣nimepigia  Zuku after restarting my phone 6times
  20. @karendikitchen8439: The way i hv dismantled my phone... Lines etc😂😂😂😂.
Restarting device like mad woman🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️🤦‍♀️

Uzuri imo na youtube zinatuweka busy🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️🏃‍♀️

- Should Social Media Companies Do More to Curb Racism Aimed at Athletes?: Kind: captions Language: en all right chanel basic is here with me now to dive into today's quick take focus which is going to be about football soccer and racism this morning we saw the great britain's women's football team or soccer if you're here in the u.s take a knee before their tokyo 2020 olympic soccer match against chile the first time the anti-racism stance has been seen at the olympics the ioc loosened a decades-long ban on expressions of protests before these games chanelli this protest of course in response to a range of things but specifically the treatment of the england national team's black players after the euro 2020 cup last week um definitely getting a lot more attention and an issue that we've seen for a number of years but we're actually seeing players take a stance like this yeah and of course we've seen racism play out online in so many different forms the question then becomes what is the role of the social media companies what is the role of politicians and lawmakers to prevent this from happening and also what is the role of the athletes themselves who are stepping up and really speaking out against this remember marcus rashford tweeting about a week or so a few weeks ago that he can critique his performance all day long jen but he will never apologize for who he is and where he came from so to talk about this to push this forward to think about how this can change is paul cannaville he's a former professional english football player and chelsea's first black player he is the founder of the paul cannaville foundation which aims to address the rising inequalities and mental illness in youth we're also joined by quick take reporter alex webb we thank you so much for being here paul as a former footballer what was your reaction to the treatment of the english players and how does this kind of stand out in the broader scope of racism you've seen throughout the decades with that um hearing it and seeing the game as well it was really tough for three young lads to take penny and i would not trust me and put me up your upside depending on the big game like it was and unfortunately what happened but for what they received after it was disappointing it was anger and disrespectful and um something had to be done right this moment with regards to the met police to investigate um with the met police i regardless of the relationship they have with the black community this would probably help i'm not saying it would be the fault or the doubt but it will probably help as well as that the fa the fa the premiership they need to now look into this seriously um and it is about talking about solutions um that's one one that has to be discussed with the organization absolutely alex let's bring you in here um of course as we mentioned uh racism racist acts racist abuse of players has been going on for decades but what role has social media sort of um played in sort of what we're seeing right now uh in regards to social abuse racial abuse of players when it's essentially it's a hotline straight to the players in a sense you know they post on their social media and people have the right well people are able to respond often in you know utterly vile and despicable ways that is not something that perhaps was as easy in the past of course paul had horrendous experiences in the stadium um i don't know whether it would have been quite the same of people calling him up with thousands and thousands of messages so you've got this this this these um this race is manifesting itself in in a very different way and it's a it's a challenge which i certainly think the social media companies are not really stepping up to just yet i want to get back to the social media aspect of this but paul i'm wondering how uh you would handle this issue what are some of the solutions that you would recommend well the solutions obviously that like my colleagues said the social medias have not been dealing with this and you've got to understand this is more than once this is several times this has been happening throughout the year and the social media like i've seen since we a month ago was told that we gonna boycott the social media nigel thought put on my hand said no why we haven't done anything wrong um and with that for the fourth day that we boycotted looks what happened it's come back to us in our face again so with social media it's the government and don't get wrong government football don't mix but they need to step out now and step in and say you know what you're not doing your job you're not monitoring what's going on in social media we're going to give you a strip fight a serious fight and maybe close you down for four or five days and see how you like that that's what needs to be done so serious to all of us not just myself the black players itself and everybody they shouldn't have to go through that i'm sorry that's another acceptable that that solution that you just uh mentioned that idea of shutting the social media platforms down alex how possible is that to do can they be fined for not doing more to prevent racism on social media can twitter can facebook be targeted by lawmakers to make a difference here so there is legislation in the works in the uk called the online harms bill which will give the government the power to impose a temp a fine representing 10 of global revenue for these companies so put that in context facebook makes about 94 billion dollars a year in revenue nine and a half that could be a nine and a half billion dollar fine that of course is unlikely to be the case to that extent equally just look at the cost of something like this uk has something like 17 and a half thousand professional athletes i follow 3 000 people on social on twitter alone so extrapolate from that let's say that's six times more than i follow you can have six people covering all the social media all the social media accounts of every athlete in the country social media uh monitors earn fifty two dollars a year so for the for a cost of um something like you know several million pounds you could have people actively monitoring every athlete's account in the country to ensure they're not encountering racist now put that on a global scale and you're getting into billions but facebook can employ you know hundreds of thousands of media monitors and still be generating very healthy free cash flow like this is a problem that is easily solvable and not just through ai that might be the solution in the medium to long term but in the immediate term there are things you can do just by employing more head count and alex do we have any indication that they're taking this seriously and and doing something in the near term to sort of address where we're at right now well they do publish figures which show that you know um hate speech is declining on their platforms you know you can make the case that some hate speech is still too much hate speech and um i think that you know that is i mean i'm interested to hear paul your experience you know how many voices does it count to feel it as an athlete i i can guess but presumably even just one voice is too much as far as you're concerned i don't want to put words in your mouth i'm interested to hear what your thoughts are um to be honest my experience with three years have been racism for a minority of a group my own fans and even to hear just one voice you can imagine 20 voices once i warmed up down the sideline that was off point that wasn't a confident booster for me to go on the pitch it felt like i had the battle of playing twice as better than my teammates just to get accepted but um like you mentioned i was i'm so glad that we didn't have social media back when i was playing can you imagine oh my gosh but um something needs to be done it's too far gone now and the government fa the met police have to step up and show us how to deal with this and how they're going to take seriousness paul what would you like to see the government do to step up what kind of a response is appropriate clearly boris johnson has gotten a great degree of criticism for not stepping up enough but what is the right example here to set well like quality said monitoring has to be done and taken seriously that means getting more employment and so forth i've been hearing about the social medias how they don't have enough people i'm sorry you make enough money that you can afford to employ something definitely after that game that european pen everybody phoned me up to say you know what's expected the next day so you're telling me social media didn't know what to expect they knew what to expect so they should have been on it that's what i thought so yeah it's taking them far too long now and serious net of government needs to step in and that's the only time in fact i would say to step in here and show some instinct such and passion at least and tell them you're not doing your job here well this is what we're going to do after that the fa premiership negotiate and this is where they need to start discussing about solutions to protect not myself protect those young black players of today and i hopefully we're going to see that we're waiting to hear they've arrested a couple of um fans that were yeah on social media with their racial abuse and we'd like to see the results of that so it is about here at mouth in here you know i mean also not to hear my result of what's going on paul you stick with us we'll chat more about this in the next block and alex thank you for your time we're looking forward to hearing more about these experiences in just a minute your streaming quick take we're back with former english footballer paul cannaville paul i'd love to hear more about your experience as chelsea's first black player you mentioned that you felt like you needed to work twice as hard what was that like and what kind of tools that sometimes take mentally perhaps it was meant because every day playing the game going home thinking what could i have done better what could i've done good and it wasn't my fault not me but had that feeling what could improve and like when i made my debut against crystal palace it was the excitement of a young lad thinking that this is where he wanted to be in the first scene and um being told to warm up in the second half thinking yes i know what i want to do i feel i've got the the beating of this ride back and you start to warm up and receive this racism and like you think wow the opponents of the fans they're really trying to put me off and let's not pay attention but then to find out and look and it was my own fans that was daunting that was like well i didn't want to get on the pitch i didn't want to go i didn't want to get stripped i had to get stripped i stood by the sideline and i was constantly waiting for the referee's whistle to blow um with that i just ran straight into the changing set in the corner and you've got to understand that football will tell you that one thing about burning the changing there's a whole different banter you'll be talking about the game talking about you talking about situations about this changing move was quiet because my teammates had heard they couldn't listen they heard what was going on what could they tell me what could they ask me how am i they knew how it was so um with that my chair my um manager and i risked some present rest in peace john nil because he gave me my opportunity he gave me my chance and he told me when paul i can understand how you're feeling but these same ignorant fans are the ones who's paying your wages what do you want to do that and that's where i've had to go away and i had the constant phone calls from family members and they're saying why did you want to play for racist site and i got them wrong it wasn't charity weren't racist it was just a minority ignorant fans that were following uh the national front following us a problem that you know didn't accept or respected black people as such that's how i looked at it um but the battle was for me to yeah fight that if i walked away or i continue playing and i continue playing i'll get me wrong you can understand how my parents that came over to win rush and how what they received and it was difficult then and i had to grow up in that that period of my 60s 70s right and here he was you know i mean seeing this i didn't expect this to receive this at all in 1980 and now to see where we are 2 000 this is nearly 34 right it's still receiving it so and paul i i wonder what guidance would you have for these young players as this conversation continues to move forward as you mentioned there's a lot of pressure that they were on stepping up to the pitch and taking those pks but moving forward how do they handle this how would you advise them the close confidence of this earth they know their abilities yeah you can't be taken in because if we took on every person's word if we may you know mean humane humility of of crushing us and pulling us down then we it doesn't make sense that's painful it don't make sense you being a professional football you knew why you were going to be you know why you're here you have to ignore that don't get me wrong but the authority that i keep saying this is the fa the premise you need to show their support and need to have their backs and that's what needs to be happening paul canaval thank you so much for sharing your story and for being with us today really powerful words uh for us today on focus all right that'll do it for quick take this hour but there's more quick take coming up in just a minute i'm jennifer zabasaja and i'm shinali basic you can check out the latest stories at bloomberg.com or quicktake on social media thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @aland5626 [3 likes]: Say yes to racism
  2. @Jimfromearthoo7 [2 likes]: I would like them to go to another country! Why stay here
if you don’t like it here so much?
  3. @jess9994 [1 likes]: What are you talking about?
  4. @uptown215: They just mad the sun burns them and sun screen is literally black skin lol
  5. @SubFlow22: Social media should act as a common carrier.  This race-baiting witch hunt is just a feeble attempt to explain away people flawed moral and cultural priorities.  We live in a country who elected a black president and so-called "marginalized" people have free and unfettered access to open media to spread their message.  Too bad their message is, basically: "Our failures are someone else's fault".  Instead of race-baiting, why not accurately depict how good racial minorities have it in America compared to LITERALLY ANY OTHER PLACE IN THE WORLD!?

- Startup Social Chain Takes Social-Media Marketing To A New Level (HBO): Kind: captions Language: en As big brands look for new ways to engage with millennials, they've shifted their advertising strategy towards social media. And the people who best understand how to gain traction on social networks are millennials themselves, so brands are paying very young people shocking amounts of money to market to their peers. And it’s working. — So this mural here is the answer to the question, “What would The Last Supper look like if it happened today?” — Social Chain is the creation of Steve Bartlett, a 24-year-old university dropout. In 2014, Steve started hiring the authors of popular social media channels, often teenagers living at home, and brought them into one company. They own more than 400 popular accounts across a number of social media platforms and use them to influence what young people talk about online. — So, you’re not representing digital influences. What you do is you find the digital influences and you bring them in. — We are the digital influences. — This morning, they’re creating content for their "Love Food" channel on Instagram, which has almost 7-million followers. — So you just posted the picture... and that’s your notifications. — Social Chain’s revenue grew by nearly 600% last year, to almost $7-million, and is projected to double in 2017. The creative team gave us a demo of how they can set the conversation. — So today, we’re just trying to think of something that we can hit the trending topics on Twitter. There’s so much conversation on Twitter right now, it’s all Brexit and Trump… — Are you going to think of a hashtag now? What is it that you’re thinking of? — Yeah, I think, if we went with a hashtag… #AmericanVsBritish. — The hashtag is going to be “American versus British”? — Yeah. Game on. And… you’ve got half-an-hour. — Okay. — Let's do it! — You’ve got a lot of young people working for you, but you also work with lot of companies run by older people. Are you just… blagging it? You’re just a bunch of kids who got together, who are convincing old people that… this is how you do things. — My honest response to that is I don’t think you can get this far by blagging it. —While we’re talking to Steve, word comes from the creative team that their hashtag has already gained traction. — She’s celebrating because it’s trending. — They started trying to make this trend at four o’clock and, 11 minutes later, number six in the United Kingdom, trending topic: “America versus British.” “I think we easily win this by not having Trump.” “Who wants to eat a stupid cookie when you could have a glorious biscuit?” That’s impressive. But are you transparent? Because, when I log into Twitter and I see “AmericanVsBritish,” in my head, it was somebody who sat around, came up with something, and then that caused a trend. Do people know that you’re behind it? — It’s exactly what you just described there. So, you said there’s a group of people that sit around, they come up with something, they post, that’s exactly what you’ve just seen here. These are the people that, before this came together, were sitting in their bedrooms, influencing all those trends. This only thing is, now, they do it here. — So you’re a group of influential individuals who’ve realized that, collectively… you are an Illuminati? — You said it. They’re not our words.

  Top Comments:
  1. @lo-fi-meditation [6 likes]: I can't believe the comments here. This guy Bartlett is A) a genius B) an archetypal workaholic. They are also a marketing agency, so, they're not in the business of curing cancer but marketing shit and, also, having that in mind they are more honest than marketing agencies of the past.

Every woman with a diamond on your engagement/wedding finger, that your guy grossly overpaid for, take a good look at it now! There you go, that's a Steve Bartlett of the past, that's his work. Before a marketing manipulation someone pulled on people in the 50s diamonds were just shiny stones someone had a lot of and paid a marketing agency to tell everyone you can't get married if you don't buy one, and/or they're a status symbol if you're a rich woman or a woman with a rich man.

Even more insidious than that was a campaign to get everyone to smoke cigarettes. Yah, smoking was a marketing campaign.

This guy and his company quite transparently tell you what social media is, this info is something you should be thanking them for, and you have a choice to be on social media, or not, and how to use it.

Stop hating on Steven Bartlett, you are simply wrong to do that. He was dirt poor and he didn't use his high IQ to become a drug dealer or gang boss...He isn't living on benefits in UK complaining how capitalism is bad and he's a victim either...Instead he's been working 10+ hours a day since he was 15, and he actually became a fairly decent human being, especially for a marketing guy. He says he was skinny when he was a teen, now you can really see he works out and he isn't skinny anymore...

Everything about this guy says he works hard, too hard for my taste! Personally, I think he needs to slow down, find someone decent and willing to sign a prenup and get married! Start building a life outside work...His personal life (that is none of my business anyway) aside, to hate on this guy just makes you sound like a bunch of bitter old people that can't keep up with the times.
  2. @ashrahman6875 [5 likes]: would die to work for this company!
  3. @FreshtexBlackman [4 likes]: "Who wants to eat a Stupid Cookie when you can have a Glorious Biscuit"
  4. @jacobdonohoe3214 [3 likes]: How can they claim it is 'organic' reach when they pay the Youtube kids to promote brands merchandise?
  5. @stylz1 [3 likes]: While watching this I knew there would be a lot of hate in the comments... and sure enough.  I realized while watching this how threatened a lot of older and more conservative people would.  They see these young liberal looking kids being successful and having a huge influence on the new world around us.  They hate that.  Jealousy pure and simple.
  6. @ikergarcia7794 [2 likes]: Social Chain rules, Steven Bartlett rules
  7. @user-vw6gs3yh3s [2 likes]: I think people are more annoyed that this company is making money this way. Purely because it seems to be so easy. When realistically it isn't because if it was that easy, you'd be making millions of it from your home and thats why your jealous.

stop hating go and be productive!
  8. @LucasBradford55 [2 likes]: Does anyone remember when Vice actually made quality content?
  9. @DaggieBlanqx [1 likes]: 1:05 We are the influence 👌🙌🙌
  10. @Watchman13579 [1 likes]: Innovation at it's Best.....  People doing what they love without any pressure. Definition of youth involvement
  11. @Weathership_Tango_Delta [1 likes]: Super  depressing.
  12. @harrylately1 [1 likes]: elevated-hustling POC scammer using social media as a platform instead of a parking lot...nothing there, no magic, no imagination..just BULLSHIT with sparkles on top
  13. @mikeldonges5617: Here after reading the book
  14. @Rhapsodygonzalez: Anyone here in 2025?
  15. @tekkertruth1256: The hate levels on this video lol. Its not Steven’s fault you didn’t think of this idea of how to get rich lol.
  16. @xxTrumpetBoyxx: "...collectively, you are Illuminati."

"you said it! not our words!" 

Illuminati confirmed
  17. @morganxo7168: This dude went to my school, we keep having to learn about him m he has no GCSES
  18. @darrenwatkins4490: Hiya, checking for valuable methods on the net. There's a shortcut to discover all online working methods. Go to google and just type: "TheMakeMoneyOnlinePro".
  19. @tiffixies: great content! collaborating with influencers is one way to boost your brand/blog/profile, head to phlanx.com for collaborations with big brands and influencers
  20. @Panchoo52: NERDS

- 17a – History of Experience Africa, ‘Give Half Back’ and the Multiple Website Strategy – 6 Minutes: Kind: captions Language: en welcome to the history of experience Africa give half back and the multiple websites strategy to achieve success we will create many websites to operate a top 10 and award websites alongside websites for individual safaris over time creating many thousands of websites that use the same framework but have different content it's important to know that we've been working on this plan for over a decade in 2002 we created the world's first macromedia flash virtual tour the Cape Town guide in 2003 we use this commercially within Kate villas com in 2004 we created the South African guide it was offered its own TV channel we tried to connect it to Galileo GDS to give us online bookings after which we would create similar websites and cities all over the world but core business in Cape Town suffered and the project was abandoned to make matters worse the domain was not reregistered and we lost the website at this point disappointed I stopped web development in favor of running kate villas as a business in 2008 we started making safari bookings to our villa clients in 2009 we released the Kate villas magazine with condé nast traveler bolgheri offered to pay most of the cost for a follow-up but we fought a magazine on all luxury accommodations in Africa would have a broader appeal and so experience Africa was born we hide a web development company did a lot of research and made a lot of quality content and this was the big idea in 2010 we did a deal for some of his realty to duplicate the experience Africa website as African concierge calm which they would run and give us profit share but unfortunately the content management suite was unstable and their staff struggled to use it so the project never got off the ground later in 2010 a life-changing event occurred and as a result I wish to do more for the world so I started writing a business plan little did I know at the time it would take over five years to complete the business plan was based around the duplication of the experience Africa website and included a global distribution system CRM and financial software so a small or medium business could have the systems a media power of a corporation this plan was for virgin and we can see it here on the s world dot bids website and at the heart of it we find experience Africa duplicated as African concierge as the main the main point the global distribution systems are necessary as is the CRM and the financial software and we see towards the end by duplicating this for many many companies are making a large network we hope to make an awful lot of money on marks the 18th 2011 the plan was presented to Virgin brands sa free weeks later fiona was the head of virgin brands sa approved the plan for the London committee however at this point I asked and sort of demanded a thousand million dollar donation to the Nelson Mandela Foundation and this ended our discussions and I learned a valuable lesson not deterred I move forwards with the plan this time for Google and at the heart of the concept was give half back which saw the percentage the money that I would receive reinvested in a manner that would help others not long after we made a gif halfback presentation to Facebook but could not find a way to send it to them after which the gif halfback concept was entangled with in the business plan and over two years many ideas and theories were considered in 2012 the project was renamed American butterfly and four books were written in 2013 the last of the four books the implementation strategy suggested experience Africa should be used as a lost leader now it was time to go back into the water programming and build the system but as we had far more content for villas we researched and created the software framework as well as secrets this was a long journey and many lessons were learned earlier this year in 2015 we recreated the multi-site strategy on the website American butterfly however for this to work we needed an army of content writers and in the process of research in content marketing we discovered WordPress and so a way to create experience Africa with a very simple give halfback philosophy now the projects has come full circle and as we are able to create visually superior websites and have a powerful marketing strategy we have an edge we look forward to making a difference in 2016 here we can see Kate villas in 2013 that we duplicated and rebranded as Cape Town luxury villas we did the same for bitter secrets here we can see the strategy on American butterfly including some quite detailed videos of how we expand this free websites to four thousand websites over a ten-year period lastly we see experience Africa a rather ingenious not-for-profit travel service the lost leader the champion of give half back it will be successful and as a result of its success we will be able to help the rhinos elephants and cheaters thank you this is the history of experience Africa give half back and the multi website concept

- Don’t miss the last few days of the Half Back offer!: Kind: captions Language: en [Music]

- Coping with Stress Through Eating | My 600-Lb Life | TLC: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] food is like my best friend thank you can I have some juice Miss V when I eat it take the stress away that's what I do to help me coope with things I need a roller cot right we going to have to get one I know that the food is unhealthy and it's not good for me but with the Habit that I had so long it's hard to change this so I'm disappointed in myself for letting myself get to this place but you know you can't change the past you know the situation with me as a child I have three siblings my sister my older brother I have a deceased brother I was a baby and up until the time that I was 12 everything was really peaceful my dad was always at work he he was the provider to bring in the finance but my mom she was a great stay home you know Mom she made show that we didn't want for nothing both of my parents are Baptist Bible study Sunday school praise dancing and just learning the work of God and positive people with positive attitudes and during my early Elementary School years I was always a little chubby food was just something we did as a family and as a community and I love eating for that reason because food always meant love but then when I was 12 everything changed because that's when my mom died very suddenly my mother had as real bad so one night she was having an attack so my older brother Terry took mom to the hospital and before she left she said if I don't make it back till tell everybody I love him but you know I'm not thinking that it's a possibility that my mom not going to come back so when we got to the hospital when we went in the room me and my sister they let us go in there and I was trying to wake my momma up but she wouldn't wake up she was just laying there and I just kept on pushing her trying to wake up and she wouldn't told me she was dead so I just I couldn't even cry because I didn't believe it was real and I've been dealing with it every day of my life just seeing my mama lady her and not coming back home with me when my mom passed away I started to turn food into a comfort food took my painful thoughts away and it made me happy for that moment when my mom passed away my father moved away 3 months later with a lady that I didn't get along with I moved in with my older sister which is my only sister I stayed with her for a few years she always was a good little girl once my mom passed she had to come live with me and I guess I think she felt like she was kind of alone but she had my kids to play with but is just not like having your mother when I turned 15 I got my own place and I was only able to do that because my dad came through and signed for the lease in his own name and I just been on my own ever since so my dad being the type of man that he is financial wise he did what he could but as a child he wasn't available you know to be there when I need him the most so then I lived on my own for for a while and during that time I gained a lot of weight by the time I was 15 I was up to 200 and by the time I was 17 I was up to 300 lb cuz I really had no one taking care of me and I can do whatever I wanted it was the food that made me feel better I was going to drop out of school but my godmother got a hold of me and made me finish L going through a depression she start eating more and staying to herself a lot and that bothered me I can't really explain it but she changed a lot as I got grown I just got comfortable with life and you know I just gained a lot of weight over the years you know I saw her and I told lanya I said you going to have to get control of your weight she felt like she had control of it cuz she said she was walking she was in the gym exercising but at some point I guess she stopped dieting and kept eating like 5 years ago I feel and broke my knee so I went to the hospital and that's when I got the motorized wheelchair and once I sat down in one of those it's like I never got back up yet and my health is gone downhill ever since praise God that during that dark time I was able to find a real light that it was during that time when my fiance got in touch with me I was incarcerated and I ran to one of her cousins he know I was in the big bony women so he was like I got a cousin for you he showed me the picture of it so I was like yeah see I look past what other people see her weight this and that I know she a good person she teach me some things you know you know what I'm saying I know that he love me just the way I am I just can't thank God enough you know how God worked things out but now I need to be able to live long enough for us to grow old together a few years back I went to see Dr now but I don't think he ever took me really seriously because I decided that I wasn't ready yet I couldn't commit to doing program but now I'm thinking that I need to go back and see him again you done yes ma'am thank you you did real good and can I get a a wet Tower wash my hands yes ma'am t t huh what time it is what time it is I don't know what time it is let's go to the grocery store ready when you ready when you ready when you ready Adrian got the keys he waiting for you outside okay I'm coming let's go I go grocery shopping maybe once a month because it's hard for me to get back and forth to the grocery store yeah yeah would you tell Adrian I'm coming please and you guys can go and get the boys and stuff ready so it can be already ready all right all right bab thanks bu thank you um my nephew Adrian maybe like three times a week you know asks do I need help and run my errands and do things for me you know oh my God it's cold out here I told you it was cold it's freezing I'm sorry guys told you it was cold I am so sorry I'm sorry I told you was cold I'm trying to get get y some cloes y'all could had the cloes I clam in my van that take a lot of energy so before I could start the van and drive I have to take a breath because it didn't took so much energy to do all that moving what kind of drinks y'all think we should get hold on no back up that good right there I take my chair because when I ride the store wheelchairs I'm uncomfortable when I'm in my wheelchair I'm comfortable and I don't get really tired when I go grocery shopping because I'm doing something that I like once I get inside I'll be in the store for hours because I don't know the next time when I'mma go everybody got a hobby and food is my hobby oh y'all get some donuts the glaze Donuts get the scrub every on too them different I eat about six times per day the one the chips over here I need some nuggets eggs bacon turkey bacon with some juice pork beef chicken tilp fish and a salad or something like that jum aot rice macaroni and cheese I love chips I like candy cakes you know cookies you know sweet stuff like that I love cereal some days I don't even eat regular food I just eat snacks all day thank you for your time you too be blessed food is my comfort zone and I'm just trying to get out get in the car so I can eat chips or something like that oh my God

  Top Comments:
  1. @DavidL1986 [2 likes]: Sorry but losing your mum is still no excuse to get like that.  Death happens unfortunately, becoming obese is not how you handle it
  2. @asakk_o [1 likes]: And then ppl be saying that being obese is only about food, poor her…😢
  3. @biblia843 [1 likes]: Her dad got a new woman 3 MONTHS after her mom suddenly passed, then moved away and abandoned her! That’s terrible. Her dad should have stepped up and put his child first.
  4. @ImOccasionallyFunny: the thing that hurts is she would have literally been a baddie/fine ASF if she took her health seriously/had a better corner
  5. @Trapsammy: Those eggs looked good ngl
  6. @YangGChapo: 6:52 I know everybody was wondering if she ate them crumbs or is it just my sick minded ahh😂😂
  7. @Michelle6998832: It's despicable how this channel exploits these people without doing the good for the world through awareness! For example, I can't pay to watch the show right now, so why show only a sliver of it? I'm not asking for the entire season, but why tease with a quarter of an episode? Are you guys that desperate? Are you paying the very people whose lives you're exploiting at least a fraction of a percentage? Stuff like this makes me so freaking mad that even when I have the money, I won't come watch it! 😮
  8. @marknelson626: Bruh what fkin stress does so have
  9. @sahintosun5004: If rest of the country was tax so I can get paid for my food because I don't want to work and just eat eat eat, probably I would spend hours in groceries too :)
  10. @DzemilaKourdbakir: I do not even know who is sicker him or her.
  11. @DzemilaKourdbakir: So her dad bought her flat to live and she did this to herself. Oh gross. Not sorry. Not a second.
  12. @DzemilaKourdbakir: Interesting how all this people are good manipulators.
  13. @DzemilaKourdbakir: All of you do not pretend to understand. This is beyond disgusting.
  14. @DzemilaKourdbakir: We all can find excuses but  this is beyond normal. People like this should be hospitalised as well as their enablers to mental ward.
  15. @susanpatterson5412: What's with the thighs open pics? Awful
  16. @kaylag5296: I feel bad for the mom I really just really just feel bad for your mom but I really like you and awesome in that picture❤ mom still loves you and heaven
  17. @NatoyaWilliams-g3p: Go work out bruh
  18. @NatoyaWilliams-g3p: Man looes some weight!!!!!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  19. @She2savagee: I didn’t get asthma till I was an adult, I recently had a 12 hr episode because I didn’t have an inhaler.. I didn’t know I could die in my sleep from it. Thank god I couldn’t sleep.. that’s awful. 😭
  20. @paparazyWorship: What 😳  are you  saying to  the  comments

- 6 True Scary Skinwalker Stories To Make Your Skin Crawl: Kind: captions Language: en I don't really have an explanation for what happened I have ideas but here's the story I'm a freshly graduated high school student on my way to college during my senior year I had a job working for my grandfather as a farmand more or less a farm manager he would give me instructions on what to do on the farm without him being there most commonly feeding the cows it was early November and at this time baseball practice started after school and would last from 3:25 to 5:30 by that time the sun was almost down when I arrived at work and started getting ready one day I had gotten dressed filled up the buckets and fed the first farm when I realized that I didn't have a key to the other Farm frustrated I was forced to pick up two buckets at a time and walk them from the fence to the feed trough a good 40 yard walk while walking I was trying to keep myself upbeat and just started to whistle no real pattern or tune just something that I came up with when I came back and put the last buckets in the bed of the truck I heard something from my neighboring property it was whis Ling strange I thought as no one lives anywhere near that property and it sounded very close I rationalized it was a mocking bird or something and just kind of went on with my life the next couple of days I didn't whistle but the whistling continued slowly over those few days it got clearer and clearer until it sounded like regular whistling eventually it got louder when I first heard it it was very faint I almost missed it over the crunching of me walking to my truck in the last few days I kind of became accustomed to the whistling and kind of expected it when one day it didn't come I was a little disappointed this time I had brought the key and walked up to the gate and started fiddling with my keys when I dropped them into the grass I said damn it when I dropped them I squatted down and started to search for them when I heard a very faint sound coming from the other property a low groan or GLE and it was getting louder at this point I wasn't scared but more curious as to what was going on over there I left my truck parked across from the property and walked a few feet down the road and hopped the fence of the property where I heard the sounds the land in there goes straight uphill and is heavily wooded all throughout and the further you go up the more dense it gets Looking Back Now I made a few big mistakes that could have gotten me hurt as I walked up the hill I would occasionally hear the gurgle it was far up the hill so still as faint as it was before as I walked a bad smell started to hit my nose a weird mixture of garbage and wet dog or something I heard something as I was about to crush the hill damn it a very dry low and quite distorted Dam it came from a couple of yards in front of me it sounded like a 60-year-old smoker saying damn it very slowly as if they didn't know English or something I automatically thought someone was on our property somewhat angry and paranoid now I started to move slower I didn't want this guy to hear me before I could see them I kept going and stopped and listened when I heard another [Music] sound damn it damn damn it this guy was now slowly saying damn it normally not long and drawn out in that Eerie way as if he didn't know English I sat down on this log kind of listening trying to figure out what I should do about this person he kept saying it over and over and I noticed his tone was getting higher and his inflection was changing and it hit me this guy was perfectly mimicking me my tone inflexion lit Lally everything he even mimicked my frustration when I said it angry and kind of scared now I got up and started to Crest the hill I flicked on my flashlight in my phone hey this is private property I was cut off in M sentence as I came over the hill the light barely illuminated this naked figure squatting just a couple of yards in front of me his eyes were illuminated by The Faint glow of my flashlight light I automatically felt that something was wrong this wasn't a regular person his neck was longer than normal and when I came up the hill he winched his neck and snapped his head to look at me without moving his eyes were too big and his head was large and slender he was squatted in a ballerina type squat I looked at his body he was very skinny his ribs were showing through a skin the was a short silence and like a robot the man turned in the leaves and slowly stood with his hands next to his side I was debating if it was even a person it was far too tall to be a person damn it it said in my voice I turned and sprinted down the hill it didn't feel like I was running but more that my legs were just going through the motions I didn't look back before I got to the fence and when I hopped it I got in my truck and sped away sadly I still work at that farm but I've never told anyone the story not even my grandfather I've only heard the whistling a few more times since then I'm not really a believer in the Paranormal and I really Tred to find an explanation for weird stuff and believe that this may have just been some weird squatter but I really don't know my father told me a story once and I'll never forget it for a few reasons I think it's the first story he told me as a child it's also the story of how my grandfather died but honestly that isn't the reason you hear stories on TV or sometimes you overhear something in a public place people talk about ghosts and aliens and you think to yourself that isn't real they're making it up or they're mistaken or they're crazy something like that he just can't believe it until something happens something that brings it all together connects the dots in a way that you didn't think of before maybe it happens to you or maybe you hear the same story again again happening to different people it doesn't take long for the world to become a bit bigger than you thought as I said this is a story my father told me but I never believed it even though he swore up and down that it was true it wasn't until I started clicking around the internet that I started to believe I started to hear other stories just like the one my father told me it didn't take me long to believe in the rake that's not what my father called it of course he's never used the internet in his life he wouldn't know what the consensus has taken to naming it when he chose to call it something other than it or that thing he called it skinwalker after an old Navajo tale his grandfather told him but I'll tell you the story the way he told it to me we were out hunting one night killing coyotes for 50 bucks a skin we lived on a dairy farm in Ohio and sometimes we'd kill a calf we'd do it every night because we needed the money sometimes while we were out we'd come upon a deer and kill it our landlord didn't mind and it could feed our family for a few nights and save us some money anyway we were done making our rounds and heading home walking because we didn't have a car or a four-wheeler back then and we'd cut through the woods and that's when we came upon it blood everywhere splattered on the trees in the grass in the creek everywhere and at first we figured it was a pack of coyotes we'd seen it sometimes they scavenge and then start hunting deer or cattle the worst was when they bred with feral dogs but this wasn't like that when a pack of dogs or Wolves or coyotes attack something they do it right they'll pick off one that's weak sick old or just small they'll hunt it draw it into a corner someplace it can't get out of and then they'll run it right to the biggest one the alpha and that deer will never see that Alpha they might hear it but it won't see it it'll just notice that its throat is gone and then it will drop dead it's quick it's clean that wasn't what what happened here something had run up on a den of deer coyotes won't attack a den and wolves neither because they'd get too much of a fight there were three I think three bodies just torn apart you'd see a head here a leg there a torso over there predators don't do that they don't leave behind scraps what had done this hadn't done it for food it had done it for fun but we didn't didn't know that we saw a bunch of carcasses and we think it's something that we've got to take care of I remember my dad telling me to go home he thought it was a pack of feral dogs but I wasn't leaving him and I damn sure wasn't walking through 2 miles of woods alone with nothing but a 22 and a pocket knife I was only 13 at the time so a 22 rifle was about the only gun I could reliably use dad had the shotgun and he wasn't going inwhere without it it took me a while to convince him but finally we began tracking whatever did that it wasn't hard either we just followed the blood either that thing bled a deer before it got away or it dragged one for a mile I don't know I know that I'd never seen my dad scared before that night we started hearing noises I've been in a lot of woods in my life I've been all over the world and I ain't never heard noises like I heard that night I heard things screaming deer and fox and rabbits and raccoons and birds just scared now keep in mind this is maybe 12 or 1:00 except the fox and some birds nothing was supposed to be awake but they weren't just awake they were moving I saw flocks of birds that night fly straight into trees just trying to get out of there We Came Upon a pack of coyotes nearly shot a couple thinking that it was what we were looking for but then we saw that they were running towards us they ran right past us didn't even notice and then some deer did the same and then some rabbits squirrels foxes even a couple of Wild Hogs these things were supposed to be eating each other and the only thing they cared about was getting out of there we should have put it together that maybe whatever we were tracking it wasn't something we were supposed to see and it wasn't something we could kill I don't know why we didn't just go home I guess we were curious I think that was my dad's nature to go toward trouble to fight and knowing what I knew about what my father did during the war my nature was to stay close to him we finally get into an open Valley it was normally a soy field but it wasn't in season so it was just flat dirt we saw the tracks then a lot of the animals fleeing the forest had paved over the land but where the deer blood was nothing had taken a single step like they were leaving it for us to find the tracks were shallow whatever it was couldn't have weighed more than 100 lb but that didn't mean much a bobcat weighing around 40 lbs nearly tore my damn throat out once and all that means is that it's quick and it's hard to hit so we follow the tracks and it doesn't take long for us to find where it is there's this old school house that sits on the top of the hill half of it had been ripped out by a tornado and nobody lived there not for a long time we caught homeless people in there sometimes or druggies looking for a safe place to shoot up we figured maybe that was it it maybe it was just some sick kid riding a high but we didn't think that for long we get within 50 yards and we hear this noise a screeching kind of sound it was sort of made up of two different sounds one a high-pitched Screech another was a low pitch growl it was making both at the same time we get within 20 yards and we hear the sound I can remember thinking that it sounded like paper being torn apart while someone was swinging water in a bucket back and forth North dad looks at me kneels down and Whispers I got to stay behind him cuz we're about to Corner him any animal will fight when it's cornered especially when it's a predator but we can tell by the tracks that it's just one he tells me it's probably a single feral dog probably Rabbid the plan is to sneak up on it while it's eating shoot it and then keep shooting until it doesn't move anymore and then slid its throat if it gets to Dad it's my job to shoot it or stab it to get it off of him so he walks up and I'm right behind him just a taded to his side so I can see what it is I wish to this day that I hadn't it was leaning over a carcass tearing off its flesh and throwing what it doesn't nibble at its side there's blood all over the brick glistening in the Moonlight it's pale white human looking but not quite human it had arms and legs like a human but it's sat like a monkey hunched over its hands weren't normal it had long fingers with claws at the end so we see that and my dad hesitates he wasn't about to fire on a person so he clears his throat to try to get it to turn around I swear to God all the noise just ceased I ain't never heard true silence before that and not after it but for 2 seconds nothing nothing made any noise which made it all the Lou louder when it turned around made this shrill cry and jumped on Dad he got a shot off I think he missed it if he hit the thing it didn't mind but it was on him tearing parts of him off I started shooting it with a 22-point blank but it barely bled the thing I got off five rounds and then I started hitting it with the gun butt it wasn't budging it didn't even register that I was there it clawed at my dad taking off bits of his flesh it started on his torso ripping off the skin and then it moved up it tore off his throat his nose his eyes it scalped him then it started digging in and ripping off the bottom half of his jaw the little bones in that tube in your neck and then his ribs I don't exactly remember what happened but somehow my dad's knife ends up in the thing's shoulder and my dad ends up on my back I'm running and by God I'm running faster than I'd never run before or after and I know it's following me I end up back in the woods opposite the ones we've been in I'm heading towards my landlord's house because it's a half a mile away I can hear this thing screeching and moaning I hear the tree branches crack and get thrown around it sounds like someone taking an axe to every single tree I pass it's cracking so loud and often but I just I'm Not Looking Back finally I trip into gravel I look up and there's my landlord in a bunch of his buddies drinking around a campfire I scream and cry and they come over I'm telling them to call an ambulance and he looks at me and I never forget what he said what's that on your back he asked me and just as he said it he saw one of those god- awful flannel shirts my dad wore everywhere it was what was left to my dad most of his head his torso but nothing after the waist suddenly we hear it's screeching and he grabs me my dad gets thrown in the ground and I'm fighting him crying cuz I think we can still save him somehow but my dad had been gone before I even picked him up he has to pick me up and throw me inside before I come with him he and his buddies were all inside and they're locking doors and getting guns ready the landlord looks at me asking what happened what happened but I just don't know what to tell him he pieced enough of it all together to understand that there was something dangerous out there all the lights in the house are on and someone calls the cops and they'll be there in 15 minutes we look outside and see it walk in front of the fire they'd made I don't know what it is one of them says it looks like an ape and suddenly something goes through the window we shoot at it but it ain't the thing it's my landlord's dog just the body though not his head or legs and we start pushing things in front of the door and windows when we hear something in the garage I remember one of his friends saying that the doors were open and we hear metal and glass just getting ripped apart we put a couch and a TV in front of the door to the garage it banged around some more but then it got quiet not silent like it was before we could hear it move around some and the guys were talking making sure the guns were ready someone hands me a pistol and no sooner did I the hammer back did we hear something shatter upstairs then we heard it Screech again except now it was louder and it didn't Echo and fade out because it was inside with us we all rushed to the one door leading upstairs and we got to it just as that thing did it opened it just a bit and four or five men just slammed into it it got its hands through someone with a shotgun took care of that put the barrel right up to its wrist and pulled the trigger cut its hand clean off that only made it Angry though it started pushing on the door clawing we were on one side pushing as best as we could and it was on the other doing the same that wood just wasn't going to hold so someone tells us to keep our heads down suddenly the top half of the door is just gone my ears are ringing and there are splinters everywhere two or three of them just unloaded on the top of that door I don't really know where it went after that the police showed up up I was still glued to that door what was left of it and the sun was up before they got me off it they put me in a hospital for a while and a lot of people talked to me but I didn't talk back not for a long long time when we got back home I got a job from the landlord working on the farm we didn't talk much not about that thing but I signed up for the Army when I was 19 and he sat me down to drink some Scotch as a sendoff I asked him right away what the police told him the story they went with was a wild animal probably a wolf or maybe a bear that had migrated North or something I asked him about how they could say that when they had the hand he looks at me stunned he tells me that hand never made it back to the station the cop who had it in his car wrecked and drove into a tree died on impact the hand was never found probably taken away by an animal and the cops when they would acknowledge the hand even existed at all said that it simply was the Paw of a bear that looked like a human hand I never ended up talking to that landlord again I guess he went missing when I was in basic and the cops never found him they said he owed some people some money and just ran away but I don't think it's that simple I never went back to those woods I wouldn't even if I had the whole goddamn US Army at my back and that was my father's story of the rake or Skinwalker I'm still not sure what to think but As I Grew Older and when my mother died I don't think my father felt that he had anything left and he might as well settle old scores he went back into those woods I guess and he never came back the FBI was called and they did a show and dance for everyone involved but I knew that they weren't really looking and they never did find him in the summer of 2013 I decided it was time to kill coyotes for that sweet sweet fur I grabbed my bare bones basic AR-15 that I got for cheap I like the way an AK slings a fix so I get out a sling point to put on the barrel I slung it on my right side around my neck messenger bag style and took my ATV up to a cabin on the mountain upon arriving I took the key to my ATV and started looking around I've been throwing squirrel and rabbit guts into the woods to attract Predators checking my bait I found it all gone and a strange feeling persisted the guy who lives on the mountain just down the road left in his car just as I decided that I should look around in the woods every time I Ste I kept thinking that I heard another footstep shuffling through the grass and brush I saw a stick figured shaped thing at a distance a little bit down the hill for me and I sort of waved at it and it slipped behind a tree I thought okay goodbye and walked back to the cabin deciding to sit around and just drink for a while I started hearing coyote Yelps and stuff in the distance so I got my gat ready to blast a couple of fools I sat with a lights off on the porch but nothing came by then the yelping turned into a distant help me I looked over to the neighbor's house and the lights were off it didn't click that he left and I got up and listened help me help me I thought oh God he broke his leg and stuck in the woods with coyotes or something I got close enough into the woods to tell that it was on an ATV trail and I decided to take my ATV and AR driving towards the person saying help me when I came to a U-shaped dip in the path without hitting my brakes I just coasted down it I heard something right in front of me on the trail scream helped me and I freaked out trying to turn I ended up flipping my ATV and I can't really remember but I blacked out for a minute and woke up under the ATV with it pinned on top of me me I sat still and waited for my eyes to adjust before feeling around my left leg was pinned under the ATV and I tried pushing it but I couldn't get it off it's like I got 100 lb heavier in a couple of seconds the sling around my neck told me that I still had a rifle I dragged it to me realizing my arm was bleeding in the meantime I checked over the gun the handguard was messed up and the stock was cracked but it appeared to still be functional I've got 30 rounds to keep me safe until the night's over or someone finds me and I sat and listened closely to the sounds of the forest before I heard something shuffling in the grass that silence is everything it's dead quiet and I don't think I've ever felt more fear than I have in this moment I heard it shuffling around help me I didn't know if I should respond or just sit in silence it shuffling got closer and something appeared over the ATV like if you had fallen at a bar and the bartender sort of looked at you funny this thing looked like it was 9 ft tall frozen solid I twiddled my fingers reaching for my gun brought it to my shoulder and sat there pointed at whatever this thing was I didn't want to look at it because I just felt so much fear help me I heard it again I heard it climbing over the ATV I looked away but something grabbed my face my mind went completely blank looking for the trigger but I couldn't find it slowly it moved my head over and I was face to face with this thing it looked like how almost everyone describes them a Gollum that had done crack carved up its face with sunken cheeks and deep eyes to this day I've never smelled anything quite as bad as the breath from that thing I felt the flash hider on my AR bump into something and I remembered that I had it aimed at the thing my brain rebooted and I screamed as loud as I could it screamed back I started yanking not pulling or squeezing the trigger as fast as I could the gun was going off and my ears started to ring it grabbed my hair and started slamming my head into the ground as fast as it could still pulling the trigger as fast as I could it ripped the gun from my hand and started beating me with it it was still screaming as loud as it could while beating me over the head with my own gun lights started flickering through the woods I was about to black out when I heard something louder than the screaming I swear I saw the thing's head fly open I dropped my gun screamed like a child that had just been shoved into an oven and ran for it my gun was dropped 10 ft from my head and the light was getting closer I didn't know if I was dying or being saved somebody started screaming my name telling me to hold on something was tugging my arm I looked over and it was the guy who lived down the road he had a huge revolver a Magnum Research bfr at that moment I just blacked out and woke up in a hospital with a ton of stitches in my head when I eventually got out I asked my neighbor what he saw that night and he just replied A Bear we get them often up here I'm not entirely convinced that I was nearly beaten to death with my own gun by a bear it was around November of last year and I just moved to Washington State being new to the area I like the woods so a few friends of mine who were huge in a Woods fiends decided to take me out to a secluded spot what the hell I thought I'll do it I need some time away from work anyway I got the weekend off packed my bag cleaned the rifle and headed over to my friend's house we ended up about 25 or 30 miles away from the Canadian border in this Forest that seemed to go on forever I was really digging it because my home state didn't have anything like this there were six of us and two dogs a Labrador and a Rottweiler each person also had either a hunting rifle or a shotgun with a handgun except for me we parked our cars on this tiny dirt road used by game wardens or border patrol and hiked about 4 miles into the woods by this time it was already starting to get a little dark we decided to build a fire right away so we could set up tents two of the the group and one of the dogs went out to gather wood while the rest of us started setting up the tent it was one of those huge six to eight person ones November gets cold up there but the tent was set up in about 15 minutes and the trio still weren't back we said screw it and started a fire with some branches from around the site we started hearing crashing noises headed our way like someone was running their butts off the two guys came barreling through wide-eyed and the dog was nowhere to be seen they started yammering on about seeing one of the other guys out in the woods acting weird so they started trying to get close and every time they got close though he would just move away they said at one point he just disappeared and then popped up not 10 ft behind them they also mentioned a really bad rotten meat and spoiled milk smell popping up around them they tried asking what was up but there was no answer and then apparently he he took off sprinting like Usain Bolt into the woods the dog took off after him barking its head off and the two dudes lost both the guy and the dog pretty soon and the smell started disappearing as well far off they heard a weird screeching followed by a really loud dogs Yelp then the smell came back with vengeance this time with what they described as mad giggling they got out of there and back to the camp and they got really angry at the dude but all of us who were there vouched for the guy and so pretty soon we were all weirded out but still thought that it was just this really messed up elaborate joke I said as much and got yelled at and then had well where the heck is the dog then tossed at me good point and at this point though the sun was already well on its way down so we built the fire up and brought out some Coleman lanterns as well all of us huddled around the fire eating MREs and our guns were at hand about 15 minutes after dark the remaining dog the Rottweiler kind of perked up and started growling and I mean they were really aggressively growling as well the smell popped back up and the guys were not wrong about that smell I had smelled rotten deer carcasses that have smelled fresher than this weird groaning started up and you could hear branches and leaves cracking around the perimeter of our camp the noping intensified all around and the dog was going ballistic so one of the guys with a shotgun Greg stood up and fired off three rounds of Buckshot randomly into the woods this hellacious Screech came out of the woods and started moving away from us fast and the smell dissipated as well we waited about an hour and then decided to try and get some sleep with two people on guard at all times the first watch was me and another guy Victor the dog was chilling around the fire as well and 2 hours in nothing happened so we woke up Greg and Tom for their turn after being asleep for a little while I woke up to that smell and Greg was yelling his head off we got up and headed outside Greg was looking around the edge of the woods with a spotlight and calling out Tom's name I asked what happened they had been sitting there when they heard one of the guys from earlier calling out from the woods the dog started growling and rushed the spot and Tom followed after the dog went through some bushes and he lost him so Tom followed him into the woods Greg had been yelling for him when he heard Tom begin to say something before he was cut off I can't leave him out there so we all put on some clothes grabbed a flashlight or a spotlight for each person and our guns and headed out by this time the smell was everywhere and it was making most of us rather nauseous but we kept going because we wanted wanted to find Tom we found some of his tracks but lost the trail when they just stopped literally no other foot Prince after a while and none leading back the way he'd come one of the guys at the back was shining his light around and kind of stop and made this sort of weird noise then started yelling you freaking jerk we' been worried sick about you the rest of the group walked over to look and there was Tom standing a good 20 ft away but he was standing very wrong are you okay buddy you need some help he just stood there dead pan and slowly nodded yes a few of us walked over and put an arm around his shoulders to kind of support him we noticed that he rre and the dude hadn't even been out here for a full day now laughs abound except for him and we thought nothing of it except worried that maybe he fell and hit his head or something back at the camp we tried to lay him down but he just refused to so we let him stay outside by the fire a couple of us went to sleep but Greg Vic and I decided to stay up and keep an eye on him watching him he did weird jerk muscle spasm type things every now and then very creepy stuff we thought that it might be something serious he was mostly quiet and slow to respond to things until it came to food we gave him an m to eat and he only ate the meat out of it we Shrugged it off and then he got up and started moving around very Jerky like looking towards the woods he asked us if we wanted to come into the woods with him for firewood besides the fact that it was Pitch Black out besides the fire and also the huge stack of firewood that we collected on the way back it wasn't all that weird he jerked something like a shrug before walking weirdly into the woods and at this point we were on guard and didn't try to stop him Greg got up a few minutes later to step into the tent for something so I was outside with Vic when the smell hit my nose like a ton of bricks and I gagged then I started hearing some sort of gibbering and giggling I'd never been more freaked out in my life and you could tell that Vic was feeling the same Greg came out in time to hear it really well and then went inside to wake everyone up he froze at the tent flap and then started cursing which woke everyone up I didn't know why he was cursing but it was working when they were all up and awake he counted everyone and you could see him turn white what's up dude apparently while he was inside he did a quick body count and there were four bodies inside someone or something had been chilling in our tent without us realizing that it had gotten in we lost it hard at that moment and then everyone started asking where Tom was at this time the gibbering gets louder and you can hear a bunch of nonsense moving through the woods we hear Tom's voice calling at us from the woods to come help him but it's all off key and every now and then he would start giggling we built the fire up and sat around it with all the lanterns on full and weapons at hand until the sun started coming up as soon as it was enough to see we put the fire out and packed our stuff and made for the vehicles we started hearing the giggling and the smell returned and we just got out of there back for the car we got there and there was scratches all over them and most of the windows were smashed and the seats were ripped to shreds we just needed them babies to run so we tossed the keys into the ignition and heard the sweet glorious sound of an internal combustion engine starting up we tossed our stuff and got in and sped out of there we didn't talk about it for a few months and most of us didn't even admit that it happened one of the guys with us told us later that he'd seen Tom at the edge of the woods staring at us as we left and apparently he had this very creepy grin on his face and I believe him I know that I'll never go camping that far away again without at least a lot more people than six but I believe that was my first runin with Skin Walkers I'm 21 and a college senior from Connecticut I live in a semi-rural area about 20 minutes from the closest supermarket in fast food I go to school in Washington DC not the nice part either but the part where substance users are a problem and cops are reassuring rather than Troublesome I've definitely seen some things in my day it would be good to mention here that I'm not some glandular freak I'm 6'1 and 240 lb most of it muscle and Lord knows that I could drop 15 lbs or so I love to smoke drink and eat sue me and being the good student that I am I picked a real major accounting I interned for a midsize PR firm doing accounting work and getting paid $20 an hour college is expensive so I deliver pizzas at night after the office closes it's a cheap sort of pizza place with an absurdly large delivery radius around 20 minutes from my house and 5 minutes from the beach my place is north of there and we deliver probably another 50 minutes past my house I'm actually typing this at work in between examining the fine print on our client contracts to ensure that we are charging them every penny believe me they do everything they can to short us but anyway basically the further north you go from the pizza place the more countryside it gets I work until close and this happens at around 9:45 p.m. I'm in the back folding pizza boxes like a good little boy and the counter girl comes back with a delivery slip she tells me that this customer sounded weird on the phone kind of like he was talking through a fan or through his hands and that he was kind of gurgling my Washington DC experience instantly makes me think of some user if you catch my drift although around here it's way more likely to be some Ben freak automatically assuming some weird interaction will occur I look at the address it's basically in the middle of nowhere I'm a little mad because I don't want to drive that far but screw it not to mention it's the weirdest ticket I've ever seen the guy ordered a large pizza with anchovies ground beef ham sausage pepperoni Etc literally $15 worth of extras on top of his pizza I go to ask the counter girl if this is right and she says she thinks so she couldn't really make it out though so she said she did her best she's about 16 years old so I cut her some slack maybe she was daydreaming while she took the call so I'll just give them a call back to be sure I dial the phone and it rings 5 10 20 30 times but no one answers I hang up and call again this time the phone goes right to the number you have dialed does not have a voicemail box that has been set up yet goodbye okay then my manager decides to just make the pizza as ordered and we would proceed from there I go out to deliver a separate Pizza to a hilariously big guy and a couple who invited me in for drinks but I don't drink or smoke when I'm working I was hoping by the time I got back that someone else delivered that pizza order and surprise surprise no one did and it was my turn again to pick up an order and begrudgingly I take the pizza and get in my car I entered the address in my phone it's on a side street adjacent to a park locals call open space which despite the name is actually about 500 Acres of straight Woods it's about 25 minutes away basically the edge of our range I put on some dub step and crank my Turbo subie while taking off towards this road now if you're not from a rural area this can be hard to explain winter in the woods is scary there's never a single sound ever unless there's something larger than a cat walking around it's just you and complete silence finally I make it to the address there are a few houses on the street but they sit on probably 5 Acres so they're spaced out a fair amount I'm looking for number 1134 I pass 11:30 then a long stretch of road of nothing and then it picks up again at 11:44 what the heck I just want to get this over with and get the next delivery without getting attacked by some pillhead head over something as small as a pizza I try calling their number again and it rings and rings and then stops ringing wait a minute someone picked up but there's no voice instead I hear a buzzing or a humming sound they hooked up to my car stereo and it's getting louder and louder until I just hang up because I don't want to ruin my speakers the windows are fogging up at this point I'm pulled over between two of these houses right when I roll the windows down and I am overcome by this odor of decaying trash like driving through Newark New Jersey it's so gross I put the car in first and start pulling towards the next house trying to escape it at the end of the driveway there's a stanion with a light on top the plan was to pull into this house and knock and ask if maybe they gave me the wrong number over the phone that would make sense for these kinds of people I'm probably 100 ft away when I see someone step out of the darkness and into the light at the bottom of the driveway I sigh thank goodness it's the guy that ordered I'm expecting the guy to be all over the place leaning over acting completely out of his mind but he actually pretty calm I stopped the car about 10 ft away from him he's wearing a big black coat that looks three times too big for him even though he's probably got five Ines on me I don't look right at him at first I grab the pizza and step out of the car then I grab the ticket and prepare a change if it gives cash I say to him Hey sir uh sorry about the waiting for all the calls I made the delivery's pretty far there's no response from him I realized that I should be watching him considering the red flags and the smell is extremely pungent but I know it's not trash day I get the pizza on the roof of my car and he's standing there under the light on the opposite side I finally pay enough attention to get a good look at him the guy is basically a giant he's wearing no shoes and he has ripped up jeans and there are stains everywhere I try to get a look at his face and his eyes seem to be sunken in I can't even see the actual pupils with the light from here it's like they're just black craters I'm getting really sketched out at this point because the guy still hasn't moved or said a word I sto the process and stare at him he staring right back at me with those freaky eyes his head is sort of bobbing side to side but not in any sort of fluid sense at all kind of like a car door like how it stops halfway open and then you give it another shove and it stops at the all the way point I watched his head do this with no real pattern for about 10 seconds I'm started to get more uneasy between the stench his head movement and the eyes and him still completely ignoring me I stand Frozen and so does he without breaking eye contact I take my phone out of my pocket and hold it level with the roof so I can look at the guy and my phone at the same time curiosity overflowing I decided to go to the recent calls in my phone and I redial his number the phone starts ringing but I don't hear it anywhere wait a second I do hear it it's coming out of the quiet of the woods I can hear a faint distant cell phone ringing about 50 yards away in the woods and I'm kicking myself at this point almost soiling myself the guy's just standing there still doing the head thing but I swear to God I see him smiling finally I get the courage to speak uh can you can you please come get this also I think you might have dropped your phone or something when when you were hiding a body or whatever in the woods I laughed nervously L still thinking maybe this guy just dug too deep into the prescription pills and I see his mouth open head still bobbing feet planted on the ground he makes a sort of low guttural quick Grunt and then a high Grunt and then a low Grunt and they're sort of soft kind of like someone clearing their throat at this point I'm ready to book it to the driver's seat if I have to and just as I go to Redial that phone again I hear him talking that phone's not mine the pause between the phone's not and mine was way too long phone's knot literally sounded like one word mine came off as an octave higher my mind is in DEFCON 5 full-on panic mode my knees are weak and I'm literally about to pass out I push the pizza to The Far Side of the roof away from me and I finally muster out sir you're freaking me out I got a 45 and less than $20 on me just just take this so I can leave when I say this his head bobbing stops his eyes are dark and burning a hole through me and he opens his mouth again it what his what I ass stunned it was his the phone was his the guy starts coming towards my car not a step but like one huge muscle spasm that propels him forward the phone was his he repeats I'm on the verge of tears at this point the guy jerk jumps again now closer to the car phone's not his anymore I blubber wordlessly then gather myself and scream I'm going to call the cops man if you just don't get out of here I see this guy smile that creepy smile and without moving his mouth I hear him saying a completely different voice a voice I've never heard before go away stop following me I will call the police in another big jerky motion the thing reaches forward takes the pizza off the roof and places a couple of round things that I later identify as quarters on the roof they're surrounded by this dark liquid that spreads over roof I don't even think just get in the car and peel out down the road I leave the hot sleeve for the pizza too I leave everything don't even close the door all the way I get down the road going about 80 for a/4 mile then pull a U-turn because I don't want to get even more lost with that psycho out there I whipped down the road past the place where I had just been and he's gone I finally get to the end of the road and there's a stop sign to merge with the main road I look right to make sure it's clear then I look left that thing's face is 12 in from my own where I turn I tactically have a heart attack and peel off down the road I finally make it back to the pizza place shaking like crazy I smoke just to calm down which I never do when I'm working I walk in the front door of the pizza place hey that guy at the open space house just called back he said you forgot some food but he only ordered the pizza right he wants you to come back and I start crying I look at my phone which had been thrown through the car when I was driving there are 14 Miss calls from his number all the voicemails are empty except the last one all I can hear is ragged breathing and those low grunting sounds I'm balling my eyes out in front of this hot counter girl but I don't even care I sit for 10 minutes trying to calm down and then I remember the change that he had left on the roof I steadily go out to the car and turn on a flashlight the roof of the car was covered in the most viscous weird fluid but it smells like copper I throw up and the panel gap between the trunk and the end of the rear window I find the quarters they're covered in that same gross maple syrup goop and they're stuck to it along with the fluid I can now see what appears to be a soft little chunk of tissue I got to open my car and my veins turned to ice there was a single line of this fluid going from the front quarter panel to the driver's side door that freaking thing tried to open my door when it was next to me at the stop sign I go back in crying harder now I tell the counter girl to try and call the number again for me she tries over and over but the phone goes right to voicemail the next morning I give the number to my uncle who was a police captain a few Towns over he says the number is a burner phone paid in cash basically untraceable and it appears to be turned off now I sleep with the lights on these days I was 23 stalking in the woods in the Ozarks of Arkansas to be exact was some new gear that I've been saving for months boots a tack vest even a millspec gas mask it was like Christmas being where I was and wanting to field test some personal prototypes I had my nugget on hand it wouldn't do much against the big bears but it would ruin any snake stray dog or Cougar's day right to hell I had a bunch of strippers and two clip aines I built and I wanted wanted to field test them in my pouches I got some rolled up targets stuck in my loops and a light complement of survival gear Compass topographical map thermal blanket extra undies MREs canteen and Camelback The Works basically prepared for the inevitable invasion of any type I was having a great time romping around the Woods playing with my field of view in The Mask testing the reliability of the clipp aines and generally having fun I wandered next to a creek bed and decided it was time to practice my gorilla tactics it was late summer early fall so no danger of getting my gear wet in the non-existent Stream my stuff was in more danger of water damage from my own sweat after triple checking my safety I proceeded to do a series of screen slides and Uphill hustles and full survivalist gear needless to say I got winded really quick I stood panting in that dry stream bed and decided to check my position with with my topographical map and Compass so I could set a course for home in the middle of reorienting myself I caught wind of a smell at first I thought it was my sweat but the funk quickly evolved into something worse a dark undercurrent of rot deep notes of animal musk a Bassy score of raw garbage punctuated by garlicky tempy and a thick black score of something between skunk and onion sludge I went into straight operating mode popped an Addie from my pouch for extra Focus pulled the clipazine from my nugget it seemed to be working fine but if I was going to have to shoot something I prefer not to have any risk of jamming the smell made me gag and I nearly puked up that atti tablet the smell was that strong at this point whatever the source was it was definitely mobile and getting closer to me screw it I pulled up my mask from around my neck and over my face it helped a bit but the mask wasn't 100% airtight around the joints so some of the smell got in I walked cautiously and slowly along the creek bed toward where the slope was shallowest listening for twig snapping or animal sounds from above me I definitely heard something shuffling around up there and it sounded bigger than what my nugget was up for it was a near constant snuffle Grunt and sloppy uncoordinated crunching around bark and leaves all mixed with a smell my mind immediately jumped to Big Bear and I mean big possibly even rabbit if it smelled like that and let me tell you something about Ozark big bears straight from my dad's mouth my dad's lived in the Ozark for 58 years and in that time only two things have managed to shake him the challenge of fatherhood and the big bears according to him the native black bears were hunted to near Extinction between the 40s and 50s and to correct this the anrc nrcs and Arkansas Fish and Game Commission released 250 Bears into the Ozark and washingon mountains their website insists that they were all black bears my dad insists that that is bull crap according to him more than a few of the Bears released there were brown bears they inbred with a few remaining local Bears and the reintroduced blacks thanks to a little phenomenon known as hybrid vigor the resulting Offspring were bigger and meaner than their parents and screw me were they fertile when I asked him to prove it he simply left the summer porch went upstairs and came back with a manila folder labeled BB he pulled out a couple of Polaroids and asked me to take a look I saw a big black and brown something rooting around a clothesline dad directed my attention to the clothes line about 50 ft away from us between the two poles about 5 to 6 ft above the ground it was the same closed line in the picture the something's shoulder was about a farts length under the line despite being further in the background I looked through the other pictures one was rooting through the trash another was barely concealed by trees all of them slightly shaky detail was hard to come by but I was convinced my dad told me two things about how to avoid getting attacked by the big bears big bears are dumb as crap something to do with them being high this makes them more dangerous than other Bears because they're not afraid of you this also makes them smell like crap and you'll smell them coming a mile off if you smell a big bear get inside get upstairs but take the 12 gauge and some deer slugs if you do see a big bear and you ain't home or you ain't got a shotgun loaded with slugs hide up a tree if you can they're faster than you so there isn't any use running I tell you all of this because after 23 years I'd finally managed to prove my dad wrong about something well half wrong there's something in the Ozarks that matches my dad's pictures of big bears but whatever they are they sure as heck aren't Bears so back to my story I would have stayed in that Creek bed and waited for that something to screw off on its own business but the light was already slanting through the trees as bad as my dad made Big Bear sound I was sure as heck not wanting to be stuck with a godamn rabid one after dark and instead I opted to climb up the opposite edge of the creek bed I had to scramble over some big rock outcroppings and half stand half lean against the slope of the hill but I figured that if anything that would just be an extra layer of protection against that something out there I gotten a few glimpses it over my shoulder as I climbed but this was my first good look at it I just couldn't stop staring like I said in my previous post this was not a bear it was bear like but not a bear I've been in the Sci-Fi my entire life and even got Bar's guide to extraterrestrials from my awesome late stepmom so when I saw this thing for the first time my freaking nerd brain immediately went oh a solidor except it wasn't it looked like a solidor a grizzly bear and a sloth had a three-way on top of a garage Heap to make it it had a long prognathous snout like a stubby trunk with big angular shoulders feet that look like manhole covers covered in dirty matted fur and a body like a furry blimp its fur was the same charcoal black and dark glow Brown that I saw in the pictures and full of Matts and clumps of dirt I mean I stared at it for so long drinking in those details trying to make sense of it for 2 and a half minutes and it somehow didn't notice me Jesus these things were dumb her I remember feeling a twinge of relief if it hadn't noticed me yet trying to Scrabble out of a rocky Gully it probably won't notice me sneaking away from it it's going to sound ridiculous but I farted then the something stopped my breath stopped and my heart stopped the only sound in those woods at that moment was my freaking fart echoing and the sound of my nose blistering under the something's odiferous assault it was like slow motion when the thing turned its head looked back at me sniffed the air and stood up it had been shuffling around Crouch low to the ground the entire time what I thought were shoulder blades were its freaking elbows it could tie its shoes without bending but its paws probably would have crushed its Air Jordans to bits they were like trash can Lids it sniffed the air again and coughed or barked like it was asking me a question it sounded like gorp I swear on my mom that's what it sounded like gorp so there I was the idiot who didn't listen to his dad the awkward cringe Lord who freaking farts when he's trying to sneak away from a freaking gorp I aimed at it and Center Mass and I fired it didn't thock into the gorp because hey if you're going to die might as well give your killer a stupid name in your head right instead the shot thed if that makes sense there was a puff of dirt and hair when it swamped and bless my luck the gorp actually Flinch from impact I waited to see blood I guess the GPS are so covered in nasty flea ridden hair mats that over time their poor hygiene gave them Natural Body Armor because I didn't see any red at all what it did do was rear up and Gore at me a low growl that had my colon deciding that it was a warning because it was producing bricks enough to construct a barricade I worked the bolt and fired another shot this time at its ugly sloth bare elephant looking face and this time it did thock and so did the dirt a few feet to the thing's left because it ricocheted off its skull the thing stood there staring at me like it was too dumb to realize that it could have just stood in the streamed and grabbed me by my face while I pelted it with useless bullet after bullet I yelled at it and fired a third shot in any direction at all trying to scare it off the gorp or gorth or Big Bear whatever it was dropped to all fours lurching forwards towards me then I did a0 and shuffled away it worked I stood there until the sky turned blue to Orange before I snapped out of it and tactically retreated back home when I got back I told my dad the story I probably should have mentioned that I was visiting him for a few days he could probably smell Big Bear on me so it was no use lying to him when I got to the part about what the big bears really were he refused to believe me then he got pissed at me locked the doors and camped out upstairs for the rest of our visit I had to freaking bring him beer from downstairs when he started to talk the weird thing is as scared as he was and as weirded out as I was seeing him that scared I wasn't scared myself I remember that very clearly not being scared at all I guess you could say I was just too interested or curious to be scared because if I was scared I would have just bolted away and I'd probably be typing this from inside of a year old gorp turd if I had to guess that Aderall I popped probably kept me from switching into run home scared to Mama mode well that's how I met a gorp and lived hey friends thanks for listening click that notification Bell to be alerted of all future narrations I release new videos every Monday Wednesday and Friday at 700 p.m. EST and there's superphone live streams every Sunday Tuesday and Thursday night if you got a story be sure to submit them to my subreddit r/ let's read official and maybe even hear your story featured on the next video and if you want to support me even more grab Early Access to all future narrations and bonus content over on patreon and click that big join button to hear about the extra perks offered for the channel and check out the let's read podcast where you can hear all of these stories and big compilations located anywhere you listen to podcasts links in the description below thanks so much friends and remember he growled with his butt

  Top Comments:
  1. @Vincent-t2n7t [1 likes]: We dont raise cows. There  no mockinging birds and you are atleadt 3 quarters bellagonnah!!!
  2. @madpivot123 [1 likes]: Mee-yaa pewpew in-a me pantz-ah  ata thee spookz
  3. @tracieconner [1 likes]: Dude the second one is terrifying..
  4. @haleybethers: 26:53 he said he dropped his gun when someone was approaching and the thing attacking him stopped to look over at whoever was approaching. But prior to that, maybe 20-30 seconds before he says the thing HAD his gun and was beating him over the head with it. Inconsistency there it seems.
  5. @Samson-p5y1x: Hi how are you feeling today my friend. If your in trouble with these skin walkers talk to me I defeated 2 so far one more to go perhaps I put myself into embracing the right timing of things . Yes they do talk and ain't stupid if you ain't caught up with one of these terrifying creat I respect then I can possibly help you out . Joseph bates.
  6. @sherryelle2242: If ur hunting with an AR15, ur not a hunter. Ur just out to torment and torture as many living creatures as possible. Jerk. Also, u have an ATV and an AR15 but can’t afford a cell phone?  And the guys who found their friend in the woods said they thought something serious was wrong with the guy when they found him and proceeded to not call an ambulance. SMH.
  7. @beewee88: DAMN. Story 2. Feels good to have Let'sRead do a creepypasta again.
  8. @Vincent-t2n7t: Dis guy trying to be all native!!!
  9. @acidreins: That last story was so stupid... I can't even. Entertainingly stupid.
  10. @Robocoy: Stories 4 and 5 are a mess. Story 4: 6 people and 2 dogs. 2 people and 1 dog leave for firewood, but somehow now there's a 3rd guy in the forrest that never even left the clearing. Then one guy leaves, but there's no mention of him afterwards like he was with them all the time. Then, 3 guys outside and 1 of the others that went to sleep counts 4 more people in the tent. How does that make any sense? Story 5: initially the phone number hadn't had any voice mail registered, but then miraculously the calls go into voice mail. These redditors who write these creepy pastas are clearly beginners.
  11. @ghostface7193: The first story has me giggling with the skinwalker saying dammit😭
  12. @clarksafg: I gorped my oaints when dude said he farted..😅😂
  13. @Wewaaaa: The 2nd story is genuinely the fucking creepiest shi I’ve ever heard
  14. @l.l.l.fl.l.l.f9577: Got my gat and was ready to blast a couple fools
  15. @Tanner-w8r: First one is just Ned, from South Park
  16. @sammccarthy7321: Hey so, it’s nighttime and I’m scared
  17. @Not_Proxydef: First guy has a survival instinct of a fart.. but glad he lived lol 😂 I would have gone out of there the second it sounded like me.
  18. @onebreath210: Wtf is a clip-o-zine?
  19. @jaclyndevincentis8969: Imagine it's the fart that does you in?
  20. @jacobleiner1760: How does a father tell a story where he himself gets offed

- How to Actually Play Halfback: Kind: captions Language: en Most young halfbacks don't develop the way they should. And the number one reason is simple. They never take a structured approach to building their game. They watch the NRL, see a playmaker throw a cut out or hit a perfect block shape, and they think, "Yeah, I can do that." But they skip steps. They jump straight into trying to call set plays and run the team before they can even consistently hit a target with their pass. And here's the truth. You don't learn to run the show by looking like a halfback. You learn by building your game like a halfback. And that starts with what we call the halfback pyramid, which is a three- tier model that builds your game from the ground up. Tier one is your close quarters game. This is where you master everything in the immediate space around you. Your catch pass skills, kicking, footwork, and of course, a strong running game. This is your foundation, and it's both your individual skill set and your physical attributes. That's tier one. Tier two is the engagement zone. This is where you actually execute plays, block shapes, sweep movements, X plays, anything and everything designed to engage the defensive line, manipulate defenders, and pull that defensive line apart. Essentially trying to put opposition defenders under as much pressure as possible. And finally, we have tier three, which is command and control. This is where you run the team. You call the sets, you control the tempo with using your kicking game, and you generally lead the side around the park. But here's the catch. You can't lead a team if you can't run shape. And you can't run a shape if you can't throw a clean pass and hit the target with the right timing and the right execution. There's no shortcut for that. Okay? You build your game from the bottom up or you don't build it at all. Now, because this is such a big topic, we're going to break it up into two parts. So, today we're going to be looking at tier one, which is the base or the bottom layer of that halfback pyramid, the foundation on which your whole game needs to be built. Now, just quickly, for those of you who don't know me, my name is Joe Murphy. I co-founded League Fit Academy 9 years ago to help educate young rugby league players about how to build their body, their skills, and their mind. And we now work with thousands of players across six different continents right around the globe. So, we just mentioned there's three tiers or three layers to the halfback pyramid with each tier building on and requiring the mastery of the tier below it to work properly. Tier one is your close quarters game, tier two is the engagement zone, and tier three is command and control. And we'll be looking at tiers two and three in the next video in part two. Right now, let's get stuck into tier one, which is your close quarters game. And this is far and away the most important tier because everything else a halfback does must come off the back of this. Think of it like this. In the military, close quarters battle or CQB for short. It's high speed, high stakes combat in tight, enclosed environments where reaction time is minimal, and the difference between success and failure is milliseconds. It's about what's happening in your immediate surroundings right now. At this level, there's no time to think. Every move, every shot, every step is the result of skills that have been drilled relentlessly until they become almost instinct. Okay? CQB is about executing a refined, highle skill set under extreme pressure. Not by thinking about it, but by reacting with precision and control and relying on that highly trained skill set to get the job done. Whether you're talking about Navy Seals, the SAS, or even a police SWAT team, these operators train relentlessly so that when they inevitably find themselves in these hostile situations, they have the required skill to get the job done. Now, as a halfback, if you want to get as good as you possibly can be, then you need to take a similar approach to train your close quarters game relentlessly. And this really comes down to two main categories. You need to work on both your skill set and your physical attributes. Now, those physical attributes we're talking about, those are things like speed, strength, acceleration, change of direction, and a great change of pace. You need to be building a fast and agile physique, but you also need to make sure that you have enough physical resilience to handle getting hit by much bigger and stronger players. And if that's not enough, you got to be fit enough to perform your job just as well in the last minute of the match as you do in the first, keeping in mind that over the course of a game, the halfback probably talks more than the rest of the team combined. And you can't do that if you're gassed. So being super fit is a non-negotiable. Okay. Now, those physical traits, they're all things you need to work on firstly in the gym with your strength and your power development and secondly on the actual footy field where you do all of your speed, acceleration, change of direction work as well as your conditioning. So those are your physical attributes. Now, the other aspect or the other area you're going to be working on as a halfback is you need to have a very particular set of skills. A very particular set of skills which like those Navy Seals or special operators, you must train relentlessly so that those skills can be performed without you even having to think about it. This is what we call unconscious competence. Now, unconscious competence is essentially when you've put in so much work that you can perform the skill and I mean execute it perfectly and you can do it without even thinking about it. Now, how long does it take to get to that point? Well, you know, it differs for everyone and natural talent definitely plays into it. But to get to the point where you're unconsciously competent, where you can execute the skill 99 times out of 100, you're going to have to put in a ton of boring, monotonous work um so that you can move through the other three levels of what we call the skill acquisition continuum, okay? Which is essentially the process of of acquiring and mastering skills. Now, the first level of that is what's called unconscious incompetence. This is where you suck, but you don't even know it. Okay? This is often what it's like the first time you're exposed to any new skill. You simply don't know what you're doing. Okay. Now, the second level is conscious incompetence. This is where you suck, but at least now you know you suck. Oh no, we suck again. Right. Um, this is when you know what the skill should look like, but also you know that when you perform the skill, it just doesn't look right. Why doesn't mine look like [Music] that? Why? That's conscious incompetence. The third level is conscious competence. This is when you can execute the the skill correctly some of the time you know what it should look like and when you're really concentrating, you're really focused. Sometimes you get it right and sometimes you don't. Okay, that's that third level. And the fourth and the final level is what we want to get to which is unconscious competence. You can now execute the skill whenever you want in whatever circumstances without even really thinking about it. And this is the goal to get your skills to this point. A great example of this is learning to drive a car. Okay, first time you get behind the wheel, you're super nervous, you're concentrating as hard as you can, and you're probably making lots of mistakes, and that's normal, right? Um, this is unconscious incompetence. But if you keep practicing, then by the time you take your test, hopefully you've progressed to the point of being consciously competent. You can drive a car safely as long as you're focused on what you're doing. But once you've been driving for a few years, you can probably jump in the car to drive home, the radio's playing music, you're chatting to a mate next to you, and you still drive home safely without even having to think about it too much. Okay, that's unconscious competence. That should be the level that you're looking to get all of your skills to. Now, specifically, what skills are we talking about here? Well, we're basically talking about everything. So, you know, early catch, grip, carry. We're talking about your passing game. So, 6:00 passes, long range spiral passes, pop passes off your hip when running an X shape, the up and over harbor bridge style pass to an unmarked winger that's becoming a bit more popular lately. You've got the fast early catch and release in one movement type pass which is closely related to the tip on players like um you know Latrol Mitchell are so good at using to put their centers and wingers into space. We're talking about both your short and your long kicking game and even your ability to shift the ball effectively from one side of the body to the other to be able to fend off defenders and create space. Now, how much work do you need to put in to acquire this level of skill? But simply put, a lot, right? Uh, performing a spiral pass for 20 minutes three times a week is definitely better than nothing and you'll improve, but it's not as good as training that spiral pass for 20 minutes seven days a week. Kobe Bryant, regarded by many as one of the top two or three greatest basketball players of all time. He would often practice a single shot, not for minutes, but for hours at a time. He'd pick one spot and one shot and he'd stay there until he made that shot 400 times. Not attempted, made. If he missed a shot, he wouldn't count that. He'd keep going until he made 400. Uh, because to Kobe, it wasn't about reps. It was about mastering the skill. It was about developing that skill so that when he needed it, it was there. Now, I could go on and on. Yes, skill acquisition does take a different amount of time for different players because natural ability, it massively plays into it, right? But the point is you need to put in whatever amount of skill is required to get your skills to the unconscious competence point. Now, why are these two things your physical attributes and your skills as or as I referred to them earlier, your close quarters game, why is that at the base of the pyramid? And why is your whole game built on this one aspect? Because there's no point using elaborate set structures if you can't execute a simple catch and pass. If you can't put the ball where it needs to be, there's no point running an X shape. You know, if every time you look to pull someone underneath, they drop the ball because you deliver an absolutely rubbish pass. There's no point trying to create indecision in the defensive line or opening up a chance to run, if you're too slow, too fat, or unfit to take advantage of the opportunity. So yes, there's definitely more to it and we'll look at those other tiers of the pyramid, the engagement zone and command and control in the next episode. But right now, the best thing any young halfback can do is to take a structured approach to their training and start by building their close quarters game. Focus on both your physical attributes and your core skill development, and you'll lay the foundation, the bottom tier of that halfback pyramid that sets you up for long-term success. Trust me because I'm Joe and Joe knows.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Diego10hundred [1 likes]: Top video
  2. @slayerbot1394: Might be a ridiculous question, but how much of the tiers are  applicable as a 5/8?

- Aaron Smith | Generating Halfback Passing Power: Kind: captions Language: en Oh, no. And that feel or I drive them. Oh, it's nice to pass a ball. And then try to pull it out of there. And then how you getting that and that on? Yep. Do you think about that when you pass? Uh I think we like the feeling of tricep cuz it's the last thing we feel. Like you say, when you brought in that mid ball thing, it made it real interesting around creating power early. Yeah. I quite like that. So what's that? Okay. Yes, it will feel a little bit different now. Oh, sorry. It's not what I expected to wait. Yeah, that's that's two. six What's it? Here he goes, Carl. You got another one behind you in the top of the group. Yeah, that's the last one. Carl Ooh.

- Aaron Smith Masterclass Halfback Passing: Kind: captions Language: fr Alors tu y vas et il y a un demi de mêlée, et puis je vais juste être comme un gars. Tu as tout ça qui aide parce que c'est réel. T.J, je vais entrer et je vais juste les pousser ou l'obtenir. Donc c'est comme le sens du rugby, comme les Jags pas. Et donc si nous entrons dans ton pied et que nous sommes poussés. Oui, tu te fais renverser. Et ensuite tu dois juste botter. Et c'est juste une petite torsion. Ici, à Dudedin, nous filmons de superbes passages avec Aaron Smith. Pour la séance d'aujourd'hui, j'ai hâte de vous montrer tellement de films et de vidéos de ce que nous avons accompli. Il s'agit d'apprendre et de comprendre ce qu'Aaron fait et d'obtenir ses conseils sur sa manière d'aborder son jeu de passes, ainsi qu'un peu de boxe. J'ai tellement appris. J'ai hâte de vous montrer tous les différents exercices, compétences et connaissances qu'il m'a transmis. C'était tout simplement incroyable de l'entendre parler et parler avec autant de détails, en détaillant ce qu'il fait sur le terrain. Donc, si vous connaissez un demi de mêlée, c'est ainsi que vous pouvez les amener à suivre Rugby Bricks. Vous ne voudrez pas manquer tous ces exercices pour demi de mêlée d'Aaron Smith. Alors, c'est parti. Juste d'une main. Donc je veux mettre ma main sur le dessus du ballon, faire une rotation en dessous et je vais déjà lever mon bras. Donc bien serré en dessous et tirer. C'est l'un des anciens exercice de coup de pied. Il adore. Et ensuite, nous arrivons ici et nous voulons simplement travailler notre passe arrière sans nos jambes. Donc nous descendons bien bas. Mais essayez simplement de ressentir la sensation de la balle. Donc les gens viennent et ils l'enfoncent dans le sol. J'ai pensé que j'allais essayer. Je veux mettre ma main en dessous. Beaucoup de gens mettent leurs mains au-dessus et ça coince. Alors je dois créer la torsion. Je veux déjà être en position, à mi-chemin. Donc je ne veux pas aller là-bas pour passer. Je veux mettre ma main et comme je l'ai dit, les pouces et les doigts. Ouais. Je l'appelle comme la fin à la Tiger Woods. Parce que les gens, quand je regarde cette vérification, elle passe et elle passe déjà à autre chose. Comme si vous aviez le temps, passe-le. Tu sais. C'est pour ça que tu repasses. Et peut-être que tu n'es pas assez haut. Allez, lançons-le en l'air. Bougeons. Pas comme ça. Ouais, je suis déjà en train de terminer. Donc ce n'est pas si important de s'éloigner. - Non. - Le premier passage. Je me déplace avec. Et je suis déjà de retour à la course. Tu dois juste être comme ça. Tu vois les gens passer et déjà passer à la suivante, tu sais. Ouais. Maintenant celui-là vient et maintenant celui-ci. Comme j'ai toujours l'habitude de faire un bruit idiot. Les gens peuvent interpréter ce que tu vas dire. Mais, ouais, c'est plus qu'ils disent toujours ça. Comme quand nous faisons une passe dans un poster ou une compétition, en disant, je suis très attentif à chaque conseil de passe. Tu dois savoir ça. C'est ce à quoi je pense, comme lancer une mauvaise passe dans le jeu. On y va maintenant. Juste celle-ci. Ce n'est pas mon, la chose bleue. Donc si je fais un mauvais coup de pied, manque le plaquage. Quels sujets nous avons la chance d'aborder ? Nous avons l'opportunité d'agir très rapidement. Alors j'arrive et tu te concentres juste sur les petites choses pour des indices proches de la cible. Je suis de retour dans le bleu. C'est l'une de ces choses. Ouais, cache-le avec les jeunes tout le temps. Ils jabent le passé sans l'étendre complètement. Ils ont toute cette puissance comme une demi-fixation. - Ils veulent juste la forcer. - Ouais. S'ils forcent le flux, ils le lanceraient littéralement deux fois plus vite que prévu. - Mais tu ne dis rien à eux. C'est bien. J'allais aborder quelques questions à ce sujet, comme lorsque tu regardes du rugby scolaire ou même Martinique, qu'est-ce que tu vois ? Est-ce que c'est l'une des principales caractéristiques, le fait de ne pas terminer les passes ? Ouais, c'est un peu comme ça. Les gars travaillent si dur pour arriver là-bas, mais ils n'ajustent pas leur passe, tu sais. Les gens disent que si c'est le ruck ici, les gens vont aimer la vitesse. Je reste simplement sur la ligne de jeu. Je vérifie le côté du ruck, puis j'écoute l'appel. Alors, le bout de mon 15 revient vers le blond, ça me donne une belle occasion de passer. Mais je pense toujours de la même façon et je frappe ma note ou j'ai l'embrouille. Je veux vraiment tracer une ligne, obtenir une passe. Quand je vois ces jeunes, ils font tout ce travail et puis ils coupent en arrière et je veux être bien droit. C'est juste gaspiller l'espace, tu sais. La meilleure chose à faire, s'il y a une décharge, je suis déjà à travers. Tu sais. On n'a pas besoin de se glisser derrière ces gars-là. T.J. le fait rouler et ils coupent juste la gorge. Ils sont si rapides, si vifs. Et j'obtiens tellement d'essais, mais allez. Je veux dire, ils reviennent et ils ne sont pas dans leur zone de confort. Restez droit. Allez tout droit. Et simplement, écouter . Évidemment, quand tu as de l'élan, tu peux en supporter beaucoup plus. C'est ce à quoi je pense toujours, à ce qui se passe ici. Vérifie quelles sont les opportunités là-bas et écoute simplement. Ouais, je ne suis probablement pas le meilleur pour me chercher moi-même, mais je cherche à entendre ce que j'ai besoin d'entendre. - De l'espace. Et probablement juste aider les gars. Donc l'avant doit répondre à mes besoins, comme ces opportunités à l'avant pour que je puisse faire signe, jeter un coup d'œil à cette opportunité. Mais ouais. Mais tu sais, quand ils ne me passent pas, je change brusquement de direction vers ma gauche. Mais bon, mes mains restent droites. Donc je sais que c'est juste, je ne peux pas le changer. Mais je m'assure que depuis que ça va tout droit, ça me donne de la puissance. Je pense que c'est probablement bon d'entendre que tu es conscient de ce bras qui traverse la planche de jeu quand tu dis que tu as tellement travaillé là-dessus. Essayer de le faire quand je ne fais pas de passes courtes. Mais quand je fais comme la prise, c'est juste naturel, je ne peux pas mentir. Je pense que pour moi en tant qu'équipe, j'utilise toujours plus de talent et tous ces entraîneurs parlent de ces finitions parfaites. Quel genre de joueur est-il s'il se relâche à chaque fois ? C'est comme ça. Tu fais ce que tu veux. Et je pense que c'est la même chose. Tu trouves ta propre façon de faire les choses et c'est comme ça pour tout, même pour les passes. Certaines personnes ont différentes façons de finir. Et pour moi, ça fonctionne comme ça. plus ton coéquipier garde le ballon longtemps, mieux tu peux ajuster les choses. Donc la pression change. Espérons-le, éviter les rebonds. Donc ouais, j'adore ça. J'adore parler des passes. Parfois, tu vois beaucoup de gens travailler leur technique d'attraper. - Des trucs que tu pratiques. Et la position d'où vient le ballon ? Tu sais, je faisais ça beaucoup. Donc juste avant un match, je passais beaucoup de temps à lancer le ballon et à travailler mes doigts et mon pouce. C'est ce que j'ai toujours ressenti. Ça faisait tourner ma passe plus vite. Mais c'était vraiment, vraiment rapide. Donc c'est ce que j'ai toujours aimé. Et ensuite, tout ce que tu changes, c'est la puissance. Mais ça donne toujours l'impression que c'est super rapide. Donc je ne lance pas une balle de fusil. Mais je peux quand même m'éloigner et donner une passe attrapable au lieu de la vieille dame, surtout quand les avants font des courses très dures et qu'on ne veut pasles blesser. Alors on fait juste un petit coup. Tout ce que je change, c'est le rythme de mon triceps. Juste ça. Au lieu de donner des bonbons. Le mieux à faire à la fin, c'est comme en boxe. Quand on donne un coup de poing. On stabilise en utilisant tes muscles abdominaux. Tu restes calme. Et lance. J'espère que c'est l'objectif, que ce n'est pas juste une question de passes pour celui-ci. Ce sont tous les muscles abdominaux, tous les petits muscles qui travaillent. Et le meilleur, c'est de le faire à la fin, comme en boxe, quand on donne un coup de poing. Je le fais aussi, c'est un peu comme avoir une jambe dessus. Donc c'est comme notre table qui se prépare à nouveau avec des ressorts chargés. Et maintenant, avec nos passes complètes, on attrape. - Oui. - Super ! Celle-ci devant la colonne vertébrale zéro, on la lance comme un feu devant eux, je pense qu'il pourrait l'attraper. Et il est just comme... Tu penses trop à ce que tu essaies de faire lorsque vous recevez un plaquage ? Eh bien, c'est mon combat. J'essaie toujours de l'attraper. Prêt à y aller ? Oui. Si ça vient, j'essaie de l'attraper, pas de le capturer. Alors j'essaie de le regarder. Je ne veux pas qu'il soit lancé trop fort. Je leur dis de le lancer comme ça, bien droit et juste flotter. Je ne veux pas qu'il soit lancé trop loin. Ça me dépasse toujours et j'essaie d'attraper. Et être prêt à partir et de ne pas se précipiter. Donc les gens veulent être comme une protection juste ici. Comme je dis, on fait une bonne réception dans un ruck. C'est mieux que de l'attraper en vol. Tu sais, quelqu'un devant un photographe de frontière zéro, c'est comme si tu le lançais comme un feu devant eux. Je pense qu'ils pourraient l'attraper. Je vais contourner le coin et essayer d'avoir mon pied assez proche, pour me dégager clairement. Donc ça ne peut pas marcher. On ne peut pas travailler mes bras. S'ils essaient de m'attraper. Je suis dans une position puissante. Et ils ne pensent jamais à contourner tout l'entraînement que nous faisons. C'est un moyen, pour moi, d'atteindre ma hanche. Je passe. Je poursuis ma passe. C'est le niveau suivant. Donc, je vais toujours avec un pied en avant. Ainsi, aucun d'eux ne touche les deux pieds et j'en laisse un derrière. Oui. Tu dois voir ce qui se passe dans le ruck. Comme si c'est un corps aligné. On franchit, on se retire. Les rucks sont très différent d'une mise en place du pied pour dégager l'espace, en essayant d'approcher l'un des joueurs de près. Donc, si on va vers ton pied et qu'on se fait pousser, tu te retrouves renversé. Donc tu essaies de rester sur un pied, tu es plus fort. Tu sors rapidement de la mêlée et tu récupères le ballon. Ou tu vois que tu as environ trois ou quatre options et tu choisis la meilleure. Une chose que j'essaie de faire. Les gens essaient toujours de ramasser le ballon et de ne pas se faire blesser par le défenseur de ruck. Et de simplement lancer le ballon sans réfléchir. Mais le temps que tu te dégages pour dégager l'espace et faire une passe précise, c'est mieux que d'essayer de lancer toutes ces passes sans réfléchir. Les joueurs se rapprochent trop et tu essaies juste de te débarrasser du ballon. C'est moche. Donc, tu essaies de te retirer des ruck et de reculer ? Oui, si ce n'est pas clair et évident. Si c'est un peu comme ici et que je peux simplement le lancer, je suis content. Mais si je ressens une quelconque pression, j'ai l'impression que je peux compenser en donnant une passe rapide, en étant équilibré. Ils essaient de résoudre le problème, Il suffit de venir et de pelleter. On veut venir, entrer et se retirer. Récupère le ballon. Voir un bon pas, bien équilibré dans cet espace. Je veux dire, juste faire confience à mon coup de pied. De plus, nos bloqueurs sont là pour nous bloquer, soit bien bas et bien connectés au ruck. Le parfaite c'est un ou deux gars. Et on s'entraîne aux coups de pied, Avant, on pouvait le faire à plat et le botter. Vous les gars ne le comprendriez pas vraiment. Mais maintenant, vous les gars êtes vraiment bien alignés. Vous savez où aller. Comme un pied à plat. Donc il s'agit simplement d'avoir nos bloqueurs pour tripler le coup de pied à l'avant. Donc nous devons en fait le botter à partir d'un point pas vraiment carré. - Ouais, mais plutôt un coup de pied. Mais ouais, c'est quelque chose sur lequel j'essaie encore de travailler avec les nouveaux blocages et tout ça. Ils peuvent être vraiment bons là-dessus. Ils ont ce grand mur et ils sont assez bons pour se renvoyer le ballon. Je dirais que je serais vraiment bon si je peux mettre mon pied bien à plat, je le frapperai à chaque fois. Mais maintenant, dans ce coin, nous devons maintenant le déposer et le renvoyer en arrière, ce qui est vraiment difficile. J'imagine que c'est une erreur si je m'en approche et donc ne pas encore revenir. Oui, car maintenant, lorsque vous le bottez là-bas, ils sont là, même en propriété, ils bloquent. Nous regardons les équipes, comment les mettre sous pression. Donc maintenant, tout est question d'obtenir votre blocage, de leur apprendre et de leur dire, "Regarde, tu nous aides." Si quelqu'un passe, je suis en lecture, mes passes suivantes seront mauvaises et j'ai trop peur de le botter. Je le botterais loin et ensuite vous allez devoir contre-attaquer le plaquage . Ouais, mais c'est probablement la plus grande chose que je fais en ce moment, en sortant de cette phase de transition maintenant que j'ai le coup de pied en retour. Ouais. Donc ouais. Est-ce que ce que les All Blacks font quelque chose pour te faire travailler plus longtemps ? Ouais, c'est le cas. Quelques jours si on le refait encore. J'ai quelques bons coups de pied, comme cette nouvelle technique. Mais tu sais, c'est l'une de ces choses. L'altitude était plus facile parce que je connaissais la trajectoire et je pouvais juste faire confiance aux deux ou trois secondes supplémentaires dans les airs. Mais c'est quelque chose sur lequel j'ai beaucoup travaillé pendant la saison morte, en particulier depuis la position à 45 degrés, pour rester ici sans que l'angle comprime, en reculant droit devant. ce n'est pas toujours droit devant, c'est souvent un coup de pied en cloche qui monte assez haut. Si tu ne frappes pas la tête du ballon, c'est difficile. Mais compte tenu du fait que tu parcours 20 mètres en 5 secondes, ça le ramène en arrière. Mais donner un coup de pied vers la droite, là c'est assez facile. Car tu peux revenir à 45 degrés et avoir un bon coup de pied. Mais maintenant, les équipes qui effectuent les renvois, l'envoi directement à gauche. Et tu dois te connecter avec ton équipe pour les attraper. Chaque équipe fait ça. Elles frappent du côté du ruck et font en sorte que le joueur adverse doit revenir en arrière, ce qui est un coup de pied très difficile. Donc tu te retrouves à t'organiser pour préparer un coup de pied. Et en même temps attaquer les rucks de manière agressive. À partir de là, tu dois dynamiser les effets de boîte pour les renvois. Quelles sont une ou deux choses sur lesquelles tu te concentres si tu as perdu le ballon ? Donc, une chose que j'ai remarquée lorsque je donne un coup de pied vers la droite, c'est que je laisse tomber le ballon ni trop tôt, ni trop fort. Car j'ai amplement de temps pour me mettre en position. Mais lorsque je donne un coup de pied en arrière, je me concentre sur le fait de faire monter un peu plus le ballon, avec une chute régulière. Ainsi, le ballon tombe et j'essaie de le frapper avec une belle trajectoire en arrière, puis de le faire retomber à plat. J'essaie donc d'utiliser les lignes du ballon lorsque je m'entraîne à le renvoyer en arrière, en restant haut et en le frappant ensuite. C'est juste une petite torsion lorsque je lance. Donc quand je le fais bien, je me penche légèrement en arrière dans la direction où je veux aller. J'essaie de le lancer et je le lance juste en l'air. Et il partait dans la bonne direction. Mais tout dépendait de ma frappe. Je me sens beaucoup mieux en maintenant une trajectoire élevée, en donnant un coup de pied et en effectuant une rotation naturelle. C'est un peu courbé. Il s'envolait légèrement et ne partait pas tout droit. Donc, c'est ce sur quoi je me suis concentré. Croisons les doigts et le Super Rugby. Je suis en congé maladie, alors déchirez moi. Il est 8 : 45, au sud de Dunedin, J'ai un peu travaillé avec eux avec les Highlanders. et je l'ai connu depuis longtemps dans le monde du rugby. C'est vraiment excitant d'être ici, d'apprendre de lui, un des meilleurs athlètes du monde, selon moi. Donc, c'est génial d'être ici. En ce qui me concerne, en tant que gardien et joueur, j'ai toujours appris auprès de formidables entraîneurs. Alors, pour vous, qui sont les meilleurs entraîneurs que vous ayez eu et quelles sont les choses que vous avez apprises en chemin ? Je suppose que j'ai eu beaucoup de chance lorsque j'ai commencé à jouer au rugby à l'école et que j'ai eu Dave Rooney. Il a été d'une grande aide pour moi, même pour rester 1 ou 2h de plus sur le terrain, travailler dur sur le terrain et jouer au rugby en club. Il m'a offert un contrat pour rejoindre l'Académie et il était incroyable. Sa capacité à motiver, à critiquer et à tirer le meilleur de moi était formidable. Ensuite, j'ai été gâté en rejoignant les Highlanders, où j'ai eu Jamie Joseph et Tony Brown. Ils formaient un duo complémentaire en tant qu'entraîneurs, Avec Jamie Joseph qui était dur à l'extérieur et Tony Brown qui était un excellent meneur et un entraîneur exceptionnel. Comme vous l'avez mentionné à plusieurs reprises, Brown a également joué un rôle important dans mon jeu. Il m'a transformé. Et je lui dois beaucoup pour m'avoir aidé à réaliser mon rêve de devenir All Black. Il a cette capacité à voir le jeu, à identifier vos points forts et à les développer, tout en vous offrant des opportunités et une stratégie de jeu. Donc, en utilisant ma passe longue ou ma vitesse de passe ou quoi que ce soit d'autre que nous savons. Il est brillant. Mais ouais, je ne peux pas. Ouais. Et puis il y a Steve Hansen, qui m'a beaucoup aidé avec mon jeu mental, plus que tout autre chose. Et sa capacité à tirer le meilleur de moi, à appuyer sur les bons boutons quand il le faut. Je suppose que ce que j'ai toujours aimé chez Tony Brown, c'est qu'il ne vit pas dans un monde parfait. Et ce que je veux dire par là, c'est qu'il y a des situations sur le terrain où les choses ne se passent pas comme prévu, et tant que vous faites de votre mieux. Et vous savez, il ne s'attend pas à ce que tout soit parfait tout le temps, il vous aide simplement avec votre technique, comment faire les choses ? Donc, je suppose que pour moi en tant qu'entraîneur des compétences maintenant, ce que j'essaie de trouver avec les joueurs, c'est ce qui fonctionne le mieux pour eux. J'ai entendu parler un peu, aujourd'hui, de ce qui fonctionne pour vous et tout au long du chemin. C'est ce que j'aimais chez Tony et probablement ce que vous avez apprécié aussi. Ouais, juste sa capacité à être à un niveau humain aussi. On ne se sentait pas comme s'il était un coach. Vous parliez simplement de choses et il vous conseille. Mais, vous savez, il avait toujours une mémoire courte, arrêtez d'être dur avec vous-même. Vous n'êtes pas parfait, vous ne prendrez pas toujours les bonnes décisions. Mais si vous n'essayez pas, il disait toujours ça, comme, vous savez, appuyez sur la détente, allez-y. Je préfère que tu tentes cette passe longue ou cette passe enroulée plutôt que d'aller au sol et de ne pas marquer. Donc cette confiance qu'il t'a donnée. C'est quelqu'un dont j'ai regretté de ne pas avoir été entraîné par lui. Et comme je l'ai dit, ça fait du bien. Mais tu sais, il n'est pas parfait en tant qu'entraîneur. Mais ce qu'il fait de mieux, c'est qu'il vient à ton niveau, il sait comment s'adapter. Et je suppose qu'en grandissant, il était un All Black, on l'a vu. Et je pense que ça aide aussi au niveau du respect. Il sait ce que tu as vécu, tu sais. J'ai toujours aimé apprendre des choses des autres buteurs, même des conversations. Je suis sûr que tu as eu des discussions incroyables, avec des gens impliqués dans certains des matchs auxquels tu as participé, ou il pourrait même y avoir une histoire où tu as appris un peu de jeu ou un petit truc précieux d'un joueur, si tu as des histoires comme ça. J'essayais de faire un coup de pied une fois. J'ai eu Aaron Cruden et Dan Carter et ensuite j'ai dit genre, "Parce que tu le frappes tellement fort, je le frappais et je suivais le ballon. Donc je faisais le coup de pied et je continuais jusqu'au bout. Et à chaque fois que je le faisais, c'était génial, mais je ne dirais pas que mon coup de pied est génial. Regarde les Crusaders. Lamar se fait charger à l'épaule, se plie et je le frappe peu près à cette hauteur du sol et je me souviens que tout le monde rigole. Donc ne me suis pas. Mais bon, j'ai vécu des situations vraiment amusantes. Dan Carter. L'année dernière, les All Blacks avait l'habitude de faire des coups de pied gênants avant la Coupe du Monde. Et tu sais, je l'ai pris au pied de la lettre. Comme, salut, tu donnera un coup de pied au but à un joueur de pied droit ? Comme ça serait assez cool. Il a dit, "Ouais, je le ferais. Je me suis dit, "Eh bien, tu dois essayer d'en faire une. Tu sais, avant que tu finisses. Je vais essayer. Si nous étions en finale de la Coupe du Monde et que nous menions de 20 points. Et le pire, c'est qu'il l'a fait en finale. C'est comme si personne ne le savait, car nous celebrons le score de personne. Et après le match, ils se précipitent vers moi et il me dit "Qu'est-ce que tu fais ?" Les gars, j'ai botté avec le mauvais pied. Il l'a fait. Donc, c'est une histoire que j'ai trouvé intéressante, c'est celle de Dan Carter. Il est le gars le plus détendu, rien ne le dérange. Et qui fait ça lors de la finale de la Coupe du Monde. Ton dernier coup de pied de ta carrière. Donc, beaucoup de mes followers, y compris moi-même, ont connu des moments similaires. En fait, le fait de ne pas être sélectionné dans des équipes et de devoir prendre la décision de continuer dans le rugby ou d'explorer d'autres options. Alors, je suppose que la dernière chose que je veux conclure, c'est quel a été votre moment ou vos moments difficiles, ou les équipes avec qui vous avez échoué et où vous avez dû prendre une décision, vous dire : "Je dois m'y mettre à fond. J'y suis arrivé assez rapidement. J'ai quitté l'école et joué au rugby en club. Je pensais m'entraîner vraiment dur. J'ai eu un essai pour l'équipe des moins de 20 ans, qui était une équipe très compétitive avec des joueurs comme Zac Guildford, Sam Whitelock,... Tous ces futurs All Blacks. Et honnêtement, ça a été un choc pour moi. Maintenant, avec du recul, je me rends compte que j'étais vraiment en-dessous de mon potentiel. Pas assez affûté et pas assez agressif en défense quand je les percutais. J'ai raté les moins de 19 ans et j'étais plutôt déçu. Je suis rentré chez moi, j'ai joué en club, je me suis cassé l'appendice, c'était vraiment triste. L'année suivante, j'ai réussi à jouer et à me former, ce qui était vraiment génial. Mais je pense que j'ai eu de la chance. Je me suis entrainé avec un coach et il a beaucoup cru en moi et m'a donné une chance. Mais j'ai joué deux ans en équipe de la Coupe et je n'ai pas pu intégrer la Super Rugby. C'était juste un pas de trop. Je n'ai même pas pu obtenir de contrat plus important, même si je pensais bien jouer. On m'avait promis, au début, de cette équipe que les Hurricanes me prendraient pour une place plus importante. Mais à la fin, ils m'ont dit que je n'étais pas assez rapide, que je n'avais rien amélioré par rapport à ce que nous avions prévu et qu'ils ne me sélectionneraient pas pour l'équipe, ou plutôt, ils avaient un programme de trois sélections qui consistait à participer à la pré-saison. Ce qui était vraiment éprouvant. J'étais désespéré. J'ai alors décidé de poursuivre ma carrière de coiffeur. J'avais 20 ans, je venais de remporter la Coupe du Monde des moins de 20 ans. J'avais manqué le rugby de haut niveau et je me demandais quoi faire. Ma mère et mon père m'ont dit de rejoindre l'équipe aller de pré-saison et de donner encore un an. Tu es encore jeune, profite de cette opportunité. Alors j'ai repris l'entraînement et c'est là que j'ai vraiment retrouvé ma forme physique. Je pesais environ 85 à 86 kg à l'époque. Maintenant, je flotte. Je commencerais bien par un régime très bas, mais à l'époque, j'étais descendu à environ 60 kg. J'ai réussi à perdre environ 3 kg, passant à environ 84 kg. Et puis je suis descendu à environ 81, 82 kilos. Je courais 175 mètres en 45 secondes, puis je l'ai amélioré à 66 mètres en 16 secondes, ce qui était rapide pour moi. À partir de là, mon jeu a commencé à s'améliorer. J'ai beaucoup travaillé sur ma défense et mon jeu au pied. Et tout a fini par se mettre en place cette saison-là. Mais tout cela était dû à un changement de régime alimentaire, à la prise de compléments alimentaires, à un suivi quotidien de mon poids, à une consommation abondante d'eau et à la planification de mes gâteries. Je prévoyais quand faire la fête et quand manger chez McDonald's. Et cela a changé ma vie. J'ai eu une période de six mois où j'allais courir. C'était incroyable pour moi. J'ai connu une très bonne année pendant un ou deux mois. C'était mon moment où on m'a dit que je n'étais pas assez en forme et qu'on ne me choisirait pas. Je trouve cela incroyable car chaque joueur qui a réussi a dû fournir un énorme travail acharné. Toi, tu a eu une période de six mois. Pour revenir sur cette période de six mois, just pour finir, à quoi ela ressemblait-il concrètement au quotidien ? Parce que cela me frustre d'entendre les anciennes générations parler de surentraînement. Je crois qu'on peut se surmener musculairement, mais on peut s'entraîner à améliorer ses compétences, travailler différents groupes musculaires et différentes hoses chaque jour, en intensifiant l'effort pendant 6 mois. Ce qui permet d'obtenir une augmentation musculaire importante. Alors, à quoi cela ressemblait-il concrètement ? Pendant la saison morte, je faisais beaucoup d'exercices. J'ai commencé à courir sur route. On m'a conseillé de faire 6 km en environ 30 minutes. Je faisais cela trois fois par semaine. Mais la chose que je faisais chaque semaine, le lundi, le mercredi et le vendredi, c'était une séance d'entraînement. Pas trop intense, mais régulière de 30 min environ. Nous courions jusqu'au stade FMG, montions en haut, puis revenions. Nous brûlions juste du gras et cela m'aidait à perdre des kilos en trop. Alors j'ai demandé : "Que puis-je faire d'autre pour m'entraîner ?" J'habite à côté du stade FMG. Et il m'a dit : "Ne fais pas ça avant le petit-déjeuner." Alors nous y allions, 6 ou 7 fois, pendant 1h. Nous montions et descendions tranquillement, juste pour nous mettre en forme. Mais mon poids a diminué. Pour moi, tout a changé. Quand j'ai perdu du poids avec mes jeans serrés, le jeu est devenu plus amusant. Mais pas comme... Je pensais à, comment je me sentais pendant les matchs, ce n'était pas amusant. Donc oui, le jeu est devenu amusant lorsque je suis devenu plus en forme. Et c'est là que ça a changé. Ensuite, oui, je suivais mon programme. Je faisais mon footing à 7 heures, puis je mangeais des œufs, des omelettes blanches, ensuite je partais travailler chez Forsch. Donc je rentrais chez moi. Oui. Je restais ici toute la journée. Mon père m'aidait et je déjeunais juste pour me reposer. C'était bien d'avoir cette routine. Le soir, on allait à l'entraînement au club et voilà. C'était bien, mais l'entraînement à l'académie était intense. Donc, après cette séance d'escaliers le matin ou de boxe, nous avions des séances de musculation. Donc, tu sais, la rigueur de l'académie, tu ne gagnes pas d'argent et tu t'entraînes aussi dur mais tu le fais dans l'ombre. Ce furent des moments amusants. Mais ces 6 mois m'ont vraiment ouvert les yeux sur ce qui était possible, sur ce qui était réalisable. Tu sais, avant je pensais que la période hors saison était une pause pour tout le monde. Mais maintenant, je considère la période hors saison comme un moment pour préparer mon corps pour une nouvelle saison, pour aller encore plus loin. Je ne prends plus de pause parce que les dommages que cela cause sont difficiles à réparer.

  Top Comments:
  1. @franciscolopezg8257 [9 likes]: Un crack Aaron y con el pantalón de la selección argentina más todavía !!!😁
  2. @alakapax [8 likes]: dude has an Argentinian futbol short. legend
  3. @kobe_kelly_sls [4 likes]: thanks Aaron
  4. @Sindisile [3 likes]: The respect he has for TJ is great
  5. @facundocastro3485 [2 likes]: con el pantalon de la seleccion argentina de futrbol, un grande !
  6. @GonzaZuki [2 likes]: Nadie va a decir nada del shortcito de argentina? <3
  7. @adamhammer5210 [2 likes]: Greatest 9 of all time 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
  8. @johnhelms8226 [2 likes]: Aaron is showing us basic skills for a world-class player.  These skills shave off fractions of a second.  What this really proves is that differences at the highest levels often come down to extremely fine margins.  Fascinating.
  9. @JuanCampher-j7t [2 likes]: Aaron Smith you are a G. O.  A.  T.
  10. @noahc8997 [1 likes]: Dupont could never
  11. @Donkeysrmylife [1 likes]: OIIII HE'S WEARING ARGENTINA SHORTS LETSGOOO
  12. @blackbull.b [1 likes]: Este tipo es un crack total, pura inspiracion de parte del gran Aaron. Mencion especial para el genial pantalon de Argentina! Best #9 ever.
  13. @pablonunez7437 [1 likes]: El mejor medio scrum que he visto.
  14. @philbotherobot [1 likes]: Class
  15. @AminZainalludin [1 likes]: Aaron Smith was a fan of Argentina football team?
  16. @OgLouisP. [1 likes]: I’m 39 and new to Rugby 🏉 wish me luck!
  17. @ulisesbritez7431 [1 likes]: con el short de argenitna. lo amo !!
  18. @zahzah25 [1 likes]: when he said " but you don't tell them that" 😄 when he said he was working on that kick off the ruck, compared to the others he mentioned, is it a height thing?
  19. @ale.j311 [1 likes]: Con el pantalon corto de Argentina. Un crack
  20. @CALLIE_MANNN: This helped me so much thank you , I am training for scrumhalf for first team next year , this helped me

- How to Control a Rugby League Game as Halfback: Kind: captions Language: en Most young halves say they want to lead their team around the park. They want to run the side. They want to be the little general. But here's the truth. You don't get what you want, you get what you work for. Because you know what? Everyone wants those things. But wanting doesn't make it happen. The will to win is not nearly as important as the will to prepare to win. And if you want to learn how to control a rugby league game as a halfback, then it's going to be hours of preparation that make the difference. time spent on specific deliberate training aimed at improving your skills, your physical preparation, on developing the ability to engage the defensive line, and last but not least, developing the command and control side of the game where you learn to manage the game, to lead your team, and take full control of the tempo and direction of your site. If you do that, you'll take your game management to a whole new level, and you'll put yourself in the position to not just control the game, but dominate it. And in this final tier of the halfback pyramid, that's exactly what we're talking about, command and control. So today, we're going to be going through tier three of the halfback pyramid. And I'm going to be sharing with you the one training tactic that if used properly will bring everything else together. Now, for those of you who don't know me, my name is Joe Murphy. I co-founded League Fit Academy 9 years ago to help young rugby league players build their body, their skills, and their mind. And we now work with thousands of players all over the globe. From juniors in under 12elves right through to players preparing to go into their first full-time NL preseason. And over all those years, one thing has become clear. There's a massive difference between a half who just plays some good footy and a half who runs the show. And that difference is what tier three is all about. What we call command and control. But what does that mean exactly? Well, first those are military terms. So let's start by looking at it from a military perspective. First, command. The person in command is the one who's in charge. They make decisions, assign missions which are designed to achieve a particular outcome. They allocate resources and essentially they're the one that's held accountable for outcomes. Okay, that's command. Now, control. Control is more about the actual execution. It refers to the systems and procedures and communications used to carry out the commander's intent effectively. Good control ensures units are coordinated, information flows up and down the chain of command, and people can adapt to changing situations. So command is essentially leadership and decision-m and control is organization and communication, right? So how does this apply to rugby league and more specifically to you as a halfback? Well, when we're talking about command and control in the context of the halfback pyramid, you're the commander on the field. So command means you take ownership of the team's direction. You call the shots. You decide where the play goes. You identify any weaknesses you see on the field like a fullback who's out of place or a winger who's not wide enough and he's left some space on the outside or maybe there's a middle forward who's gassed out. He's out on his feet and he's a liability in the middle of the field. As the half, you need to see those things and make sure the team takes advantage of them. Okay, that's command. Now, control. Control is how you actually make that happen. It's how well you communicate. It's how you organize your forwards. It's how you get everyone on your team to the right place at the right time and make sure that the set flows the way that it's supposed to. It's when you see, you know, that opposition middle forward that's gassed out on his feet like we mentioned earlier and it's not just recognizing that as an opportunity, but having the skill set to make adjustments to what your side's doing to take advantage of that opportunity, right? So that's control. So command is taking ownership of the team's direction and control is how well you can organize and communicate to make that happen. So, what that means for you as a halfback who's looking to be a game manager and a leader on the rugby league field is that A, you need to make a decision about what your side's going to do, and B, you need to effectively communicate that decision to your team and then lead and organize them to actually do it. And achieving this comes down to two things. It's about knowing what to do and about how to go about doing it. We call that knowledge and application. One without the other is useless. It's no good knowing the set structure that you're supposed to be using if you're too timid to yell at your teammates to get them into the right position to run the plays that they're supposed to be running and have the set play out the way it's supposed to play out. So often you see halves blame the players around them for not getting into the right shape to run a play. But when you speak to those other players, they didn't even know what that play was that they were supposed to be running. Why? Because the half didn't communicate with them. And on that point, let's have a little bit of a side note here. you standing on the field looking at the rock and then half turning your head and yelling at a yelling a play over your shoulder. That's not communicating. All right? If the players you're communicating with haven't clearly heard your instructions, understood those instructions, and then started to act to follow those instructions, then the communication has broken down on your end, not theirs. So, let's look at a definition to make this crystal clear. To communicate means to share information clearly and effectively so that someone else understands it and can act on it. If they don't understand it, then you didn't communicate well enough with them. So knowledge and application is knowing what you need to do and how to go about doing it. So let's start by talking about the knowledge side of things. Okay. Now, what do you actually need knowledge of? To be a good halfback, you need knowledge of three things. First, you need to know your team structures, as in the different types of sets that you can run, and just as importantly, when to run them. Second, you need to know the individual plays that exist within those set structures themselves. And for each and every one of those plays, you've got to know who should be where, and then when they need to be there by. Uh, and thirdly, you need knowledge of your teammates. You've got to know their strengths, their weaknesses, where they fit into the individual plays themselves, as well as the team structure as a whole. Now, I'm going to repeat it because repetition deepens the impression. You need to know your team structures, including when to use them. You need to know the individual plays that exist within those set structures. And you need knowledge of your teammates. That's the knowledge that you need because the best communication in the world means nothing if you've got nothing valuable to communicate because as the halfback you need to be across every single detail. You need to know those three areas as much if not more than the coach because the coach isn't going to be on the field with you, right? It's up to you to take control and lead the site around. And this is where your communication comes in. Now, we spoke about this earlier about what communication means, which is you've said something, they've heard you say it, and they've understood what it is that you're really asking them to do, and they've acted on it. Okay, that's communication. Now, this is so important because it's the one thing to have the knowledge about how, say, your set should work. It's another thing entirely to get the 12 other players in your side to run that set properly. So, here's three simple steps to help making communicating with your teammates much more effective. Step one, you need to know who gets it and who doesn't. At training, pay attention. You'll start to notice which players pick things up quickly and which players just kind of not along but still really don't know what's going on. And as the halfback, that's important because the way you communicate to player A, who knows the shape and positioning is very different to how you communicate to player B, who constantly gets timing wrong or forget who he's running off. Communication isn't just barking orders. It's about adjusting your message to the person you're delivering it to. Step two, direct your message clearly and repeat if necessary. If you know someone's struggling to get the timing right on a sweet player training, you don't just need to yell at them. Get deeper and move on. You've got to find a way to get through to them. Break the movement down. Show them where to start from. Get them to walk it through. Explain the line they're supposed to be running and repeat it until it clicks. That's what good communication looks like. Not just giving directions, but making sure those directions actually land. And trust me, if you're doing this at training, leading your teammates through set plays and ball work, all while staying patient, then by the time you actually get out onto the field, your team will trust your voice, follow your direction, and they'll look to you when it matters most. And that's what leadership is about. Now, step three is to use your teammates to help. You can't micromanage every player on the field, and that's not your job, but you can delegate. If one of your ed edge forwards, let's say, understands the system really well, use him. Get him to talk to the center or the winger outside him, get him to lead that edge. You're still in charge, but now you've got lieutenants helping you carry out the plan. Look, and look, most teams have a few players that they're a bit of a space cadet, off with the fairies, however you want to describe it. They might be good footballers, but they're not good at remembering where they're supposed to be during sets. But by using the more switched on players that are around them, um, you can help get them in the right position. Okay, that's control. That's smart communication, and that's leadership. And once you learn how to do this properly, you'll start to notice something. You don't have to yell as much, and you don't have to overexlain because your play your players start trusting you. And that is what command and control is really about. Knowing your stuff, communicating clearly, and making sure the whole team is pulling in the same direction. Right? So, we've talked about command and control and how command is essentially leadership and decision-m and control is organization and communication. We've also talked about how they can be further broken down into knowledge and application with knowledge referring to you needing to know your team structure, the individual plays that exist within that structure and that you also need solid solid knowledge of your teammates, of their strengths and their weaknesses. And that finally brings us to application. The first component of which is communication and I just gave you three steps that you can use to make your communication better. That was the first component of application. the second component of application and what turns out to be the key to not just the third tier of the pyramid but the entire pyramid itself. It's the one thing that will truly elevate your game as a halfback and it's the one thing that will take you from being just a handy football player to becoming a genuine leader where every part of your game starts to come together. That thing is what we call shadow ball work. So let's jump into that right now. Okay. So what is shadow ball work? Well, it's a rugby league variation of a boxing method called shadow boxing. Shadow boxing is where a fighter throws punches in the air with no opponent um to practice technique, footwork, rhythm, and strategy. It's been around for over a century and become a staple of uh in boxing training because it allows fighters to refine their technique, mentally rehearse fight scenarios, and build coordination and timing. Legendary boxers like Muhammad Ali and Mike Tyson help make shadow boxing famous. Often seen moving around the ring, visualizing their opponent, and sharpening their skills all on their own. boxers do it because it's both simple and effective. It's where they sharpen their craft without needing anyone else. And that's exactly why we've adapted it to Rugby League. So, how does it work and how do you do it? Basically, you go down to a local field on your own and literally run through your sets. And when I say run through your set, I want you to do it just like this. You're going to pick a set type, the same type of set that your team would be using in a game from the point on your field that you're currently standing right now. Let's say that that set name is Rabbito, right? I want you to call the set name Rabbidos out loud enough that both wingers on opposite side of the field would be able to hear you if they were standing there. Next, you're going to call out the first play and you're going to be calling out the player's name that you want to be running that play. Let's say it's just a straight up hit up off the hooker and your team's name for that play is a drive. Okay, the player's name you want to run it is Henry and you want him taking it on the left side of the rock. So, you literally turn to where Henry would be standing and say, "Henry, drive left. Get there. Get there." and make sure to use the same volume in your voice that you should and you would be using in a game situation. And then you turn to your fullback. His name is Baz. Baz, push up with him. Push up with him. You've now you have the first play of the set sorted. Henry's taking a hit up and your fullback Baz is pushing up with him in support. Now, just as Henry and Baz are getting themselves into position for that first play, you're already moving further across the field for the second play of the set, which is a double X play. And your team's name for that is a double D. Because it's a double drop play, you'll take the ball off the hooker, drop a middle underneath, but you're going to dummy to him, straighten, then cut it 90° a second time, and you're going to hit the back rower on a second X. Now, just as Henry and Baz are about to run that first play, you're calling the next player, double D, double D. You're then telling the other front rower, his name is Sunny, and the second rower on that edge, his name is Jackson. You're telling those two players exactly what you want from them. Sunny, you've got the first D. Jackson, you've got the second. It's your ball. Get there, boys. Get there. a bit wider and a bit flatter. By this point, Henry has taken his hit up and he's about to get taken to the ground in the tackle. Your hooker, his name is Max, is right behind the rock, ready for a late offload, but also now looking in your direction for the next play. You make eye contact and say, "Yeah, Max, double D off me. Hit me early. Hit me early." Now, that hit me early call, it means that you don't want him to run. You don't want him to jump out and engage the markers, but you just want him to pass to you straight off the ground. No complications. A quick nod from Max tells you he's heard you and he understands. All right, now stop. Step back a minute. This is what shadow ball work looks like. It's you on your own running through your sets down at a footy field. You're moving around going through the exact motions with your feet, with your hands, and with your voice. If you're running that double Xplay, then you need to actually run that double Xplay at game pace. If you're organizing Henry and Baz to take that first hit up, then use their names. point to the actual place on the field that you want them to get to um for the start of the set and use the same volume in your voice that you need to use when you're in a game situation. And you know what? Yeah, you're going to feel like a little bit of an idiot running around on a field on your own calling out different sets, plays, and names, but it's up to you. If you want to get better, then this is the way to do it. And it works really well. Now, like I said a couple of times earlier, for you to do this properly, you need a high level of knowledge of the different set structures your team runs, the plays that exist within those set structures, and the players on your team. And often times, running the shadow ball work will help you understand where any gaps in your knowledge might be. As you stumble over the plays themselves or even even the names of, you know, your teammates that you want actually running those plays. And when you're going down the park and you're doing this, don't just do it for one set type. Get used to different scenarios from different points on the field using any and all set types that you have available to you. We're talking kickoff restarts, get out sets from close to your own line. We're talking from a 20 m tap kick, set restarts from a scrum, set restarts from a penalty tap kick in a good ball zone, and any and all possibilities. And that's how you do shadow ball work on your own running through your sets down at a footy field. And that's where everything we've been working on comes together. If you spend time there working through any gaps in your knowledge and ironing out the kinks in how you communicate and call plays, then when it comes to time to run ball work with your team at training, you'll feel confident and in control. Your leadership will be clear and your voice will carry weight. You'll be able to earn the respect of your teammates and guide them around the park the way a true halfback should. And when you get to the game itself, you'll be the one in the driver's seat making things happen. Trust me, because I'm Joe and Joe knows.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Deploy-r6 [1 likes]: thanks for helping me understand, keep it up.
  2. @ratujonesatala5360 [1 likes]: Thanks Joe 
Thanks for the video making me to have more knowledge of the halfback role
Bula from 🇫🇯
  3. @Uraddyday: can u make a vid on how to get a good kicking game as a half

- 'How To End Poverty in 15 years' Hans Rosling - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en this shows the percent in extreme poverty in the world 0% 50% and 100% and each uprise here represent 10 years here we are at 1900 and this is where we are today now I'm going to start all the way back 200 years ago the time of Napoleon 1800 what was the percentage of extreme poverty in the world then staggering 85% only a few was out of extreme poverty and then came the Industrial Revolution and did it improve H not much 1850 it was just down here to 80% and 1900 it came down to 70% and then further on to 1950 50 here this is when I was born just before I was 2 years old here 55% and we have to go all the way to 1970 to reach 50% the year when half the world population was out of extreme poverty and half of it was still in extreme poverty and then only in my adult life has it started to drop a little faster and I stopped here at 1990 when it was down to 35% now this year is not the first time the United Nation put a target a goal for extreme poverty the former goal was to half the extreme poverty from 1990 up to 2015 where we are now and many people at that time said that's mad that will never work so it's very exciting for you now to learn you know where is the last estimate where is 2015 and the estimate is oh I have to put a special stick here because it it's it's here 2015 this is where we are now and the estimate is 12 12 let me show you this fantastic Trend here you know how it went down from 85% coming slowly down a little faster down and then down here was the goal achieved well it's not easy to measure extreme poverty there is an uncertainty but there is no doubt that this trend is fast going down and that the last goal was indeed achieved however I'm a statistician and I know that just because you see a trend like that that doesn't mean that it will continue in the same direction it may level off like this because the last lap is often the toughest but on the other hand you can see that it's not impossible to achieve this new goal to end uh extreme poverty all together I'm going to show you where extreme poverty has been and how it has decreased this is the world and here are the population back in 1800 in each of the regions in Total 1 billion here is the J stick of income and I'm going to put down these people to show their incomes first Europe and they spread out here and then americaas on top of that then come Africa and on top of it the most populous region Asia including Australia and as I showed you before almost all people there were living in extreme poverty on all regions in the world now I'm going to show you what has happened I start the world and look with Industrial Revolution the population grew here and the incomes expanded here mainly because of increased income in Europe and America and then in the 20th century population continued to grow here and incomes increased even more here and there changed the whole pattern of the world it became a divided world the world view you grew up with with a rich West here and with poor Africa and Asia here but in the 1980s the amazing growth of China and the other tiger economy in Asia and India they start to get out of poverty they close this Gap and they are coming over on this side and the shape of the world change again and look now Africa is following I call them the lion economies of Africa and here we are today in a completely new shape of the world for those of you who still think about the world as the rich and the poor I'm going to give you a New Concept I'm going to give you a new term the middle what we have to do is to look at those who recently came from extreme poverty and into the middle to to learn what does it take to go from here to [Music] there there's the view from the top of so it looks like that there is not too much wind on the top so is soaring uh and we can see that is controlling the the flight uh he has decided to uh let the the bird uh Glide you will have a look at uh his signs so now he tells him okay just Glide stay where you are so Jack Olivia is on the ground here spreading his arms which says just to keep gliding

  Top Comments:
  1. @SimonFrers-d9t [3 likes]: The real problem isn’t a lack of money, it’s the distribution of it.
  2. @Shadowyartsdirty3 [2 likes]: Six years left till this video is 15 years old
  3. @TRabbit1970 [2 likes]: Poverty is most definitely not well-defined here.  Is the “poorest” person in Britain better off than the “poorest” person in the Brazilian rainforests?
  4. @mnfreeman [1 likes]: Currently, Half of the global population lives on less than US$6.85 per person per day.
  5. @JamesSmith-qj9kd: Ain’t gonna ever happen.Ever. Greed Rules humanity 😢
  6. @BWtwins1432: Nobody connecting the dots,white supremacy,the patriarchy, colonisation, ....
  7. @fribersson: This was nine years ago. So basically, In six years time, the problem will be solved. Oh wait! His suggestions were not popular so they were not implemented. I guess the poor are really relieved that the problem won’t be solved thanks to idiots.
  8. @nochipsonlycrisps8639: How would we do that though???? So many societies don't even have a social net, be it individual or family. 

China can't seem to pivot away from manufacturing. India is pivoting into manufacturing but already has global elite due to the sheer amount of inequality there. Africa is rife with ethnic conflicts and the so called "tiger economies" of Africa barring Botswana have not chalked up to much. 
Singapore has become the globes middle man and its middle manness has trickled into malaysia but other SEA nations have been hollowed out into tourist destinations, Thailand of which is the best example of whats happening. Myanmar has been relegated into being a chinese-indian vassal state and to say the same about Nepal would not be a stretch. Pakistan, Bangladesh and Afghanistan cant seem to adress their own local turmoils enough to be a stable economic ground for anything.

This video has aged horribly.
  9. @igweogba6774: poverty is back with a vengeance
  10. @davidpritchard5304: Is this what they mean by British humor? Where’s the rest?
  11. @alexanderhaddadin: useless information 
They create poverty at 90%, then they start bringing it down to 1%
Why create poverty to start with? 

how much do we pay the sun to shine? or the clouds to rain? or the seeds to sprout? 

Fools Fooling fools only
  12. @Dark_Embracer: If you are saying global poverty is being reduced then why is someone in Afghanistan having to sell their kidney organ to buy food for their family due to extreme poverty in Afghanistan? Something doesn't look right or feels right.
  13. @aminata17: Thank you
  14. @nuclearnuclear3975: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LPjzfGChGlE&t=1s
  15. @cedneal3872: Beautiful person
  16. @mistycloud4455: gaza is a concentration camp!!!!!!!
  17. @naveenjoy4185: Poverty is every nations facing issue.Every governnent taking corrective action to solve this problem.Every need food,every should need food and shelter. So the governnent do the requirements for this
  18. @simoni6770: Where is the full video?
  19. @stalker6036: Europe looted africa and India, thats why the improved faster. More than 20 million people died in 200 years of colonization in india, which was producing 23-27% of worlds gdp. After colonization it was around 2. May god punish your ancestors.
  20. @moonlightfitz: 👏

- Coronavirus: the Economic Impact - BBC News: Kind: captions Language: en they're now over 80,000 cases of the corona virus in 37 countries and we're gonna bring you the latest on how the virus is spreading and how countries are combating it as well as the latest statistics around this crisis but we're going to begin with the economic consequences of this escalating outbreak because it sparked sharp falls on stock markets for a second day running the New York Stock Exchange has closed in the last few minutes these are the pictures coming in and the statistics - it was trading more than 3% down in the closing minutes earlier Paris London and Frankfurt all ended the day around 2% lower let's go immediately to New York Sameera Seine is live with us and Sameera helped us understand why traders are so concerned traders are really worried about some of the things that we talked about yesterday the potential spread of the coronavirus and how that's going to impact the global economy but there are other things that happen today for example we heard from health officials in the United States that said that Americans should really prepare for a possible outbreak of the corona virus and that it will be bad that really sent markets trading a lot lower today other things that have markets really worried rather investors really worried is that there's this general sense from some investors that it is possible that the number of cases in the US although it remains low we're talking about only 53 confirmed cases of coronavirus some people are finding it really hard to believe and now that we're hearing from the CDC that we should prepare for an eventual outbreak of coronavirus in this country well that certainly has wall street quite spooked and other particular sectors which are under particular pressure on the stock market look a lot of sectors are being hurt by it in particular you're looking at Airlines there continuing to suffer tourism and basically any company that has anything to do with China so if you sell to China if you buy raw materials from China to make your own goods here in the US all of those companies are being impacted so it's a variety of things from Apple to Nike to Walt Disney to American Airlines to United it is really because what happens in China touches so many companies that operate in America we're seeing quite a widespread impact Samir thank you let's pick up on some of those issues because however this coronavirus outbreak develops from this point we can already say with certainty that the economic consequences are going to be enormous already efforts to contain the virus of disrupted supply chains air travel and a range of cross-border activity they've also kept millions of workers at home let's first hear the analysis of the BBC's Theo Leggett there's been these huge lockdowns they've been factory stoppages factories in China are still at 50 60 percent people aren't able to go out and spend money so the car industry there has taken a tremendous knock that's affected international companies which sell in China so there's a lot of damage being done there then there's the supply chain so goods that are manufactured in China would normally be crossing the ocean and arriving in Europe and in the United States a few weeks later now we know that a lot of those sailings haven't happened because of restrictions in the ports because there aren't enough goods to fill the ships sailings have been cancelled APA ssin is under particularly severe pressure one firm called Syrian logs air industry data it's saying that more than 200,000 flights to and from China have been cancelled since this outbreak began it's also saying the number of flights scheduled to fly from and within China in February is 80% lower than for the equivalent period last year 80% and while China is bearing the brunt of this this is a global issue for example today Bahrain suspended all flights in and out of Dubai while passengers and cargo flights from the UAE to Iran have also been canceled let's hit the analysis of Simon Calder from the independent Air China China southern China Eastern particularly suffering and but Hong Kong's airline Cathay Pacific is having a terrible time as well in terms of the number of people who no longer wish to transit through Hong Kong a really important place in the asia-pacific region but other airlines whether from the U yes weather from South Asia Air India for example weather from Europe they are trimming back there Asian operations particularly into the People's Republic of China as a result of which the air traffic on some routes has been canceled completely on many others cut by up to 80% one way to assess the possible economic damage created by this virus is to look at the SARS another deadly virus which emerged in China in 2002 back then factories and businesses closed and it slowed the Chinese economy by 2 percent but China's economy and the global economy have changed north alot since 2002 his New York Times article saying SARS stung the global economy the corona virus is a greater menace and that's all connected to China's increased economic power these figures help us understand why according to the World Bank China's GDP has increased tenfold between 2002 and last year it's now worth thirteen point six trillion dollars for the same period well you can see the global economy went up and down because of 2008 but over the whole period it's global trade doubled so an increase but much smaller than the increase in the Chinese economy and four major global businesses now more so than ever they depend on Chinese factories for their production and Chinese consumers for sales his theory ghin well China can recover the question is whether those people who've been burnt by supplies from China being disrupted actually want to be as reliant on China as they are at the moment China is the workshop of the world it is a cheap place to get things made but there are alternatives the garment industry for example people who can buy from Bangladesh so a lot of the companies which have been affected by this will be going well you know this has happened once maybe we don't want it to happen again maybe we should have alternative supply chains just in case and that might hit China in the future as you'd expect China's government is trying to counter this impact on its economy according to Chinese state radio banking and insurance firms have injected over a hundred million dollars into the economy we also know that Reuters has reported that Beijing is planning rollout of tax cuts to help business the FT is here reporting that China's biggest factories are offering big bonuses and even in some cases offering to fly people into cities to try and get people back to work the message from the government is clear China needs to get moving again and President Xi is saying people in low-risk areas should be resuming full production and normal life but that's looking a long way off these are pictures from Beijing today look at the scene on the Metro very very few people out the streets are also quiet many shops restaurants and factories are also closed and it's been like that for weeks so what tools are available not just do individual government's but also international bodies to try and mitigate the economic consequences for the global economy here's Andrew Walker well it's not all that amenable to the conventional things that governments can do governments and central banks I should say can do - to try and provide some sort of economic stimulus to offset a slowdown in the economic growth and the part of the story I think is going to be one of them consumers being more wary being more reluctant to spend money and to some degree those things of the conventional tools interest rate cuts increasing government spending reducing taxes they can perhaps help a little bit with that but if people are simply determined not to travel not go out then those kind of things are only going to have a rather limited effect the other point to make is that that's if you like about the demand side of the economy but a lot of the impact is on the other side the supply side so disruptions - to people's ability to get to work to move around for business meetings to transport goods and stimulating demand doesn't help very much with that and I think the one thing that perhaps governments can do that really can help with this and the Chinese have already been doing it to some extent is to provide some short-term lending essentially to companies because many of them will still have their outgoings they'll be having to pay their staff their rent and so forth but not getting money coming in because they can't produce and sell the goods they normally so some sort of short-term lending to tide them over that kind of problem certainly can help will help many companies if not all some tactics available but help me put this into context what's the worst-case scenario here how badly could the global economy be affected by this single virus well very hard to put some concrete numbers on it but and we're certainly not at this stage looking anything at anything that looks likely to constitute a global recession but I suppose if it really were to spread far enough and have that much disruption to economic activity it could come to that but at the moment I think what most people are thinking of in terms of our a substantially slower economic growth in the first quarter perhaps now the first half of the year in China so maybe by you know by two percentage points slower than would otherwise have been the case and a smaller but still still not negligible hits to the global economy and is it too simplistic for me to see a tension between efforts to restrict the spread of this virus and efforts to protect the global economy there really is a tension there and the bulk of the economic disruption I think is going to come from and has been so far coming from efforts to contain the spread stopping people from traveling and ordering factories to close down and so forth rather than from the direct costs associated with the disease itself sure there are some I mean China for example has invested quite a lot of money in this extraordinary building rapid building of new health facilities there's also they the cost of you know getting more supplies into to deal with the virus but the bigger economic impact certainly comes from trying to stop it spreading there's much more background on the corona virus on the BBC News website and we'll turn back to it around 18 minutes time and give you a comprehensive roundup of all of the different developments with cases developing in Italy Austria Tenerife China Japan South Korea the list goes on will cover all of that in about 15 minutes time

  Top Comments:
  1. @jennifersmith9243 [8 likes]: I make huge profit on my investment since I started trading with Mrs Emilia Lilian, her trading strategies are top notch
  2. @mariaeddie8596 [1 likes]: Most successful people started from nothing. They didn’t wait for the opportunity to knock but created the opportunity on their own by working hard. Thank goodness i found  Mr. Carlos Kingston a pro forex trader I have been trading with for about 7 mounts now and I earn up to $15,000 weekly from the comfort of my home investing in forex. i guess this is the epic start to a new chapter in my life, I feel like everyone should be made aware of this opportunity and earn from it, feel free to contact Mr. Carlos @carlos_1uptrades on Instagram his indeed a genius..
  3. @Mtrbus179: I hope Covid can fight it
  4. @dougnuttall8413: If you look at who owns what in the world just lookup Blackrock and Vanguard. Why because they own 85% of everything. Yep everything, From metals to media to pharmaceuticals. When you consider that these 2 companies have such a large interest why do the monopolies commission not intervene?  Then look at who owns these companies, you will be surprised. Look at Yahoo finance, twitter, IBM, pepsi, coke, BP, Exon, banks, visa, mastercard, the fed, cbs, nbc, hbo, cnn, apple, android and airplanes and many more. Owners are Bush, Royal Family, obama, rossini, Clintons, vanderbilt, rothchild and so on. So when social media blocks negative posts about vaccines you know why.
  5. @japannews6738: ❤
  6. @hernanebatistaz996: This is a great video. I am using it in my own website about this topic here: https://binbitforex.club/coronavirus-vaccine-news-boosts-nasdaq/
  7. @karogod: It's not China's fault the world now is dependent on them. It's funny to think like that when you think about historical facts. It's the West who transfomed them into their cheap labour market. Sent all their know-how, production and money. It all means the US and Europeans were stupid :D They fed them with money wanting to save/make money on them.
  8. @summertimes6137: Banks don’t have money , businesses don’t have money , people lost jobs and don’t have money anymore .     So I wonder Where all the money we had spent for decades went to?
  9. @Dailyinfofactory: https://youtu.be/ZrTL0FZwET0
Lets make the world rise again by supporting local business
  10. @fatemarasiwala7813: Lot more changes are invariably going to happen due to the coronavirus pandemic. If there are any tax-related queries or questions you can shoot it here and get fact proof reliable answeres- https://support.quicko.com/hc/en-us/community/topics/360001596352-Due-Dates-Extensions
  11. @vanky8788: me   phillip   wanjohi   kamore  tell    them   checkmate
  12. @glenstevenson9274: Uk will never recover if it's a lock down then if brexit  resumes .uk is fucked
  13. @xeduxion4698: COVID-19 impact is deeper than just economic: there are social, family and marital impacts as well!
Couples will suffer forced separations and lose conjugal rights temporally or even permanently!
  14. @byFlaY: Ma ktoś może streszczenie tego ?
  15. @SuperArindam1982: Entire world should take strict action against china.  It's goods should be boycotted so that they can never grow . It is all because of them, more people will dye economically than virus. Can china repay the losses?
  16. @engiesc: 📲*00212.679.620.248* *whatapps*📲
هـــــذا رقــم الــدكــتــور👨‍⚕️ الـمــخــتــص الــلــي سـاعــدنــي فــي عــلاج مــشــكــلــتــي لــصــغــر الــقــضــيــب
نــقــص الإنــتــصــاب✅ الــقــذف الــســريــع ✅ الــضــعــف الــجــنــســي ☑الــمــنــتــجــات مــتــوفــرة فـقـط بــالــســعــوديــة🇸🇦 وقــطــر🇶🇦 والإمــارات🇦🇪 والـعـراق🇮🇶 ولــبــنــان🇱🇧 والأردن🇯🇴 والــكــويــت🇰🇼 والــبــحــريــن🇧🇭 وسـلـطـنـة عـمـان🇴🇲
ســـارع واطــلــبــها📲*00212679620248* *whatapps*📲الدفع عند الاستلام🤝
  17. @glyn2370: The business rates have been suspended for some for 12 months. Who's betting when they start again the rates will go up.
  18. @suneellutchman9525: Buying...selling...economy...stock markets...yea yea big deal, makes me sick listening to this idiot's ...what about innocent lifes being affected
  19. @KiranVijayKumar99: Coronification of the world🌏🌍
  20. @ld9416: Invest in toilet paper now https://rover.ebay.com/rover/0/0/0?mpre=https%3A%2F%2Fwww.ebay.co.uk%2Fulk%2Fitm%2F313021234264

- Many getting left behind as the cost of living goes up | 7.30 | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] australia is getting its first bout of proper inflation in 40 years inflation measures the cost of living and while the official stats aren't fully showing it yet most of the everyday things we buy are starting to get more expensive the cost of living at the moment is absolutely exorbitant when there's been high inflation overseas there's been high inflation in australia groceries that two years ago would cost me around 100 a week and now around 140 to 150 a week the pressure on household budgets is made worse by the unprecedented amount of debt we're in and wages growth is still slow it looks like we're now entering a new era of high inflation and the economic rules we've gotten used to are being rewritten i think the the time for sort of widespread spending without considering the consequences is very much over inflation is simply rising prices calculated by statisticians using a basket of things that you and i normally buy before russia invaded ukraine economists were arguing about whether the burst of global inflation caused by the pandemic would be temporary or more lasting but the surge in commodity prices especially oil is reminding us of the two oil shocks of the 1970s and the so-called great inflation that resulted there is now probably no commodity more crucial than oil and now there are calls to cut the petrol excise tax which was actually introduced by the then treasurer john howard in 1978 during those oil shocks three and a half cents a liter it was then taking the price to 21 cents those were the days but petrol is still fundamental and it still really hurts and flows through to everything i always like to use the analogy that ballooning is like a metaphor for my life which is that i just blow with the wind destination unknown we're going to start the inflation process after 315 days affected by restrictions kef saunders ballooning business is coming out of the pandemic into a turbulent economy now running a small business every dollar counts and so any rising cost is going to have an impact in our business fuels now nearly two bucks a liter i mean of course this is going to have a massive impact price of gas price of insurance i mean costs are going up in a really volatile consumer market you know it's very tricky to take that brave step to be raising your prices we still haven't had a great chance to be able to determine what that price point is to meet the rising costs that we're currently experiencing given the current economic situation at this stage we have a far bigger kind of um you know objective which is just survival like many small business owners he wants to raise wages but it's tricky timing i owe these people a lot in the sense of what they have given to this company and to me and their friends you know the cost of living is going up and they deserve it but um obviously running a business i it still comes down to the fact that people accept that that that you're going to have to pass this on because you know you can't absorb all of these costs now i've completely accepted that if this business breaks even over the next year then that's actually a great result and so these times they're tough but you know it is destination unknown and i'm happy to roll with that as costs continue to increase people are looking to save down at queen victoria market consumers are cutting out the middleman and buying direct from suppliers but even their costs are going up tom what sort of wholesale price increases have you seen quite substantial i've got to say uh we're looking around about 20 do you have to absorb these price increases or you're passing them on uh up until now we're certainly absorbed but we can only hold on to so long and what are the costs you're seeing going up the most uh well the cost of getting product here is a huge factor there's a transport transport yeah everything has gone up inflation last year was 3.5 which might sound okay except that wages increase by two point one percent also it depends what you buy vegetables increased by six point one percent even veal prices increased by eight point one percent oils and fats 5.4 and automotive fuel 32.3 everybody's inflation is different we've seen global demand for goods and services rise post pandemic you know households were locked away couldn't spend money we saved a lot we've come out spending but when demand outstrips supply issues start to emerge 50 of businesses reported that supply-side shortages are impacting their businesses and 40 of those said that increased prices as a response the cost to move our product to our retailers has gone up significantly and we're also seeing wheat prices go up you know it's the last resort that we push our prices up to our consumers but on baked beans and spaghetti canned tomatoes and canned fruit we expect prices of over 10 percent on shelf to be to be going up unfortunately in about 12 weeks time former australia post ceo christine holgate now heads logistics network toll global by far fuel prices are a massive cost for us so those fuel prices do start to surge like they're predicted to do so that will be passed on here in australia we've had three months of terrible weather and that's impacted rail it's impacted roads and of course there and undoubtedly the costs have gone up what do you think the impact of higher inflation is going to be my biggest concern at the impact of inflation is the increase in poverty that could follow i'm an enrolled nurse after tax i get about 1900 in my hand i haven't been able to continue to keep up with the cost of living regardless of working full time i work weekends as well and it still doesn't cover everything that i need single mother julie marie hasn't seen her pay rise in real terms for four years due to a historic public sector wage freeze in wa the state government is set to scrap the wage cap but that's not helping julie yet my expenses here in this house have actually gone up about 300 a fortnight over the last 12 to 18 months i haven't actually bought my children school clothes this year at all somehow i have to be able to afford to buy them an entire new winter or wardrobe my children have adhd and they've also got asd two days ago i had to pay 125 for three scripts for them my biggest worry really is just not being able to afford to continue paying rent there is no getting ahead without a pay rise the government should be able to give us enough money to be able to survive on give us a decent pay rise that actually works in this world today so i'm i'm terrified of what's gonna happen wages haven't been rising for years they're starting to now but not fast enough and price inflation without income inflation means most people fall behind now the way to get wages up is by driving unemployment down which is now largely happening because immigration disappeared during the pandemic in terms of inequality and who's going to be impacted by rising inflation it is going to be low income households and it's going to be households on fixed incomes that goes up i think to a structural issue with the wages setting in australia we saw that coming in to the pandemic we had 10 years of really low wages growth despite strong economic growth and we're seeing now coming out of the pandemic those wages just aren't coming back the sort of the strength that we would expect particularly with unemployment where it is will wages growth be enough wages growth will go up and inflation is going up but our view is that in the short run inflation is going to be higher than wages growth and that means that for a lot of workers they're going to experience a real pay reduction does that mean that households are going to go backwards for 12 months no i wouldn't refer it to as going backwards because a lot of them are sitting on a lot of savings and they'll probably just use some of those savings the only outfit with the job of controlling inflation is the reserve bank and the only tool i've got is lifting interest rates but that does nothing about oil prices or supply chain disruptions it just slows down demand often by causing a recession how high can inflation go do you think it depends a lot on you know how long the crisis in ukraine obviously lasts because petrol prices are going to be a big part of that story but i think we should brace ourselves and expect to see certainly inflation above five percent and probably edging up to six will it go as high as we expect to see for example in the u.s where now they're forecasting over 10 percent probably not professor warwick mckibben said on the rba board during the gfc he knows the delicate balancing act it's facing amid the new economic environment the worst thing a central bank can do in a supply shock or an oil crisis crisis is to target inflation because by targeting inflation you push downward pressure on the real economy to stop the other relative prices from rising so you're trying to isolate the oil effect from the rest of the economy that's a very bad monetary policy well because you'll be causing a recession just because there's a problem getting supply that's right you know how likely do you think it's there's going to be an oil shock there isn't all shock i mean already there's no shock but it's not just an oil shock between them ukraine and russia produce about 30 of global wheat production so we're seeing agricultural prices food prices already rising energy prices rising 30 40 but look forward what are the key issues they're going to be facing the australian economy over the next 20 years it's not demand shocks coming from the the 70s experience it's actually it's climate change it's oil shocks it's a whole range of issues and one of the big ones actually is the amount of debt professor mckibben is right australians have more household debt now than during any other time in history in fact we have some of the highest levels of debt in the world that means the interest rate balloon won't have to go very high at all to bring the economy back to earth hi i'm lee sales thanks for watching this story if you'd like to watch more of 7 30 stories they are on the left of your screen and tap on the button below to subscribe and get the latest from abc news

- New immigration guidelines' impact on local law enforcement: Kind: captions Language: en the White House has spelled out its new guidelines for attacking illegal immigration but it's still unclear how authorities will Target and Deport people who are living in the US illegally Carter Evans went to the front lines of the nation's border battle and saw an illegal immigrant being detained by local law enforcement in Arizona he's at the Puma County Sheriff's Office in Tucson Carter good morning good morning the sheriff here is welcoming the president's plan to immediately hire 5,000 new border patrol agents but the White House also wants immigration help at a local level and here they say they've already got their hands full he appeared seemingly out of nowhere in the middle of the Arizona desert oh well okay and water was the first thing he pleaded for when he spotted Deputy Carl Woolridge second in command at the Puma County Sheriff's Department what's the story here hey s he's on a documented alien the 24 yold told us he left his wife and young child in Mexico before crossing the border on Monday to look for work in the US and he admitted it was at least the second time he's entered the country illegally no water for 4 days he walked roughly 60 mi from the border through the baron desert before flagging down Deputy wridge is this unusual not at all even though Jesus is suspected of breaking federal law it's not something Deputy wolid can enforce Mark Napier is pima County's newly elected Republican Sheriff that's not a problem for a local sheriff my responsibility is Public Safety in this County that's my responsibility the Department of Homeland Security is now asking local law enforcement to go a step further by voluntarily acting as an immigration officer for purposes of enforcing Federal immigration law we have our plate full uh our jail is nearly full um and I don't have excess deputies Sheriff Napier's 500 sworn officers protect roughly a million residents across 9,000 square miles along the southern border if your deputies are viewed as immigration enforcers how does that impact their ability to do their job well first of all we wouldn't get a lot of the calls that we get I mean where people witness crimes or victims of crime out of fear that that would lead to deportation so unless there's a federal mandate ordering them to take undocumented immigrants into custody the Pim County Sheriff's department will continue to turn them over to the border patrol what happens now I really don't know this is where your job in this is this is it now the border patrol agent told me that while Jesus is in custody they're going to confirm his story and see if he has any outstanding arrest warrants here in the US and then most likely he'll be sent right back to Mexico Nora what a story Carter thank you incredible to see that

  Top Comments:
  1. @bigdick1428 [2 likes]: God bless the officer
  2. @mppp1877 [1 likes]: Trump found an old rule that was already on the books called the FAST TRACK deportation rule, which allows us to immediately deport any illegal here under two years without an immigration trial, requiring them to apply in Mexico for sanctuary first. This allows us to clean out the ICE detention centers and will save lives by discouraging illegal border crossings.
  3. @edtexans5923 [1 likes]: Why cant people just come here legally?
  4. @aadrianlee: I thought America was for all that wanted to be free. What went wrong 🧐🤔🤔
  5. @teodytrinidad9497: Five dollars per Denied and Approved Visa who ruined Countries as  Coasters not for Civillians
  6. @geraldarnoult: ya there real criminals? protect Americans against other Americans
  7. @wickedlokz1849: The police need to be educated on immigration cause they don't know anything
  8. @smiley8282-b7m: I'm living here illegally so what
  9. @yaright4709: We all know, illegal immigration Is easy to fix. The only reason people want to come to this country is to see Disneyland and the only reason they stay is for jobs, welfare and free schools. In California, 72 percent of non-citizens use one or more welfare programs, compared to 35 percent for natives.11 million illegals cost this country $135 billion in welfare and only pay $19 billion in taxes. E-Verify, No School and No Welfare. BUILD THE BIG BEAUTIFUL WALL AND PROBLEM SOLVED !
  10. @PR-nq4dt: I hope this young paisa crossed the border again and got a job. God bless this young man and the sheriff for treating him like a human being!!
  11. @froyoguy6885: Trump your bad why are ypu doing dis 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
  12. @doesntmatter571: You all need to face the facts.. Homeland Security is a f'ing "joke", first and foremost. They're the same joke that runs the illegal, uneducated, overpowered thieves and perverts at the TSA. They are a made up bunch of useless misfits pretending to be something they're not. They do nothing for the CITIZENS of the US. They protect the illegals invading our country the same way the no good useless treasonous CONGRESS of the US does. If our country is ever going to be great or safe or free,,, we have to round up all Patriots, make sure they are well armed and organized and eliminate all DEMONcrats, libturds, traitors, illegals, Congress, the Federal Reserve, the IRS, all present government agencies and do a complete overthrow of this totally corrupt government. As we stand right now, today, our country is running with a one man government, President Trump.... As a Marine, a former cop and a patriotic American veteran, this is my firm belief and remedy for our country's only chance of survival....
  13. @JJJJ-cr2cl: What a story is right. Just a matter of time when there in the jail and the jail is getting money from tax payers to house them. He said his jail was full?? Wonder how many Americans are sitting in jail for trespassing,loitering,small amount of pot. the list goes meaningless offenses. Wake up America!!
  14. @khrisdoperstacey1904: Low Intensity Warfare on Workers
  15. @tessamaelourdeslagmay5584: Nag-Aaway
  16. @alexj1395: If they give power to sheriff's the brutality will not stop
  17. @eddyeddy4277: You guys need to check ID for Mexican they use some body outs social security number and fake ID to work
  18. @aviavi4717: Want to see brutality go to Israel.
  19. @waynemontpetit4610: What people don't realize is that illegal immigrants often do get jobs but then Western Union large portions of their paychecks back home, not contributing to local economies like liberals often claim.
  20. @Nninjarider: O heck no lmbo damn .

- Cameron Smith announces his retirement from rugby league | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en well i've spent a few months now up in queensland with the family and had a really good opportunity to think over um my thoughts on playing on or or to not play on and uh yeah for me i look back on my career and and just found that i was very fortunate to be a part of such a wonderful organization filled with many many uh great footballers but great people as well and it just it felt like the right time to finish off the back of what was a very successful season last year albeit very a very different season being away from home and and you know everyone knows we didn't get an opportunity to play down here in melbourne in front of home fans um just couldn't ask for more than you know finishing with the premiership for a club that i've played my entire career with yeah i was wrestling with the idea for quite some time and that's why it's taken so long and you know i spoke to a handful of people that are quite close to me throughout last year uh while the season was still on and then in the the weeks after you know the season had finished guys like billy and uh you know that i've you know grown quite close to away from football as well um i consider really one of my best mates you know not just a former teammate um and you know i was just trying to talk with them about you know their thoughts on um you know not only my situation but you know tried to pick their brain about how they come to the conclusion of when they felt it was the right time to finish their playing career um gotta love brandon smith uh but yeah it certainly it i had to wrestle with that decision because that that probably that's probably the thing that made it more difficult was that after you know the end of last year winning the premiership um i still felt good within myself physically and mentally um i still felt like my form was good enough to play in the nrl but you know at the end of the day um you know once i spent you know good quality time with my family up in queensland i i knew that it was the right time to finish and now that it just gives me the opportunity now to enjoy what's going to be you know the next phase next chapter of my life um hopefully that it'll be it'll involve rugby league in some capacity but the most important thing for me is that i i get to enjoy you know quality time with my wife and my three children um well i'll probably in my head i probably made the decision maybe a week ago but knowing that you know the unveiling of the statues was on today and i was going to be in melbourne i thought this was the perfect opportunity to to announce my decision given that um this is where i and billy started our career i was right here at olympic park 2002 and uh this is where i wanted to officially end it as well um and i had the opportunity to stand next to my uh my good friend billy when i announced it to everyone as well oh yeah that's certainly come into consideration there's no doubt and that was that was probably one of the main considerations really um given what you know the the amount of time i'd spent here and what i'd tried to build with guys like billion cooper and ryan hoffman and um you know jesse bromwich and ryan hinchcliffe all these guys that put a lot of effort into growing the sport of rugby league but growing the organization of melbourne storm to what it is today um that that that was a major factor of remaining a one club player and i still remember back to being only a rookie you know in my first couple of years i always had this thought that i wanted to be a one club player not knowing that that's the way i was going to pan out sometimes sometimes those uh choices are taken away from you um thankfully in my situation it wasn't and i was i was able to play at this club for 18 or 19 seasons and you know enjoy a lot of success on the field but i think more importantly uh you know gained a lot of great memories and a lot of great friends out of uh you know the time that i spent in all i know is he's taken the the time to to make the correct decision 50 that look look like now everyone's had their opinion over the length of time that cam's taken but but you've got to get it right like when you're 37 years old and you've you've done what he's done for the last two decades you want to make sure you can't retire for eight months and then all of a sudden come back and decide to play again at 38 it's you know it's really hard and i've been through that over the last couple of years so now my advice was to cam was was take as as as much time as you need and make sure it's the right decision and um i think it's i think it's a celebration now um look i still remember when we were 18 years old up in brisbane and cameron got the call to come down and um and debut for melbourne it was um it was a long time ago now and he's done a whole heap for the game but um i don't know of a more influential player that's played the game i find it really hard to compare positions and and errors but i don't know of a more influential player than than cameron smith in the in the the game of rugby league so um he's he's certainly contributed a whole heap to my career and what i've been able to do on the football field and i feel really privileged standing here next to him and while he's announcing it so um you know it's probably fitting that he's he's got a statue up there uh on the day that he announces his retirement for from rugby league yeah unfortunately i can't stay down um it's my daughter's 13th birthday actually so it would have been lovely and we would have really enjoyed being down here for the season opener but i've spoken with with matt tripp and i've spoken with the coach about uh wanting to come down sometime soon um when when that when that moment comes that'll be great you know the family are really looking forward to having an opportunity to get back to melbourne we haven't we haven't been down here for uh for six months i actually had to race out to um from straight from the airport this morning out to my house and grab this suit because that i've still got all my belongings in at home does it still fit yeah it still fits just um i've been i've been wearing you know i've been rotating between three short three pairs of shorts and three shirts up on the gold coast and they look a bit raggedy at the moment but uh yeah so we we have to make some time to come down um and you know sort out some things with with uh our house and everything um catch up with friends obviously and and and make sure we come in here and and spend the the right amount of time that um we need to spend it at the at the club and and uh you know say our farewells to people there um i haven't i haven't thought about that do you mean like playing it like some sort of lower lower grade somewhere i think i might just try and put my feet up for 12 months maybe been pretty pretty flat out for the last nearly two decades um yeah but the one the one thing i've i've sort of come to a realization over the last few months you know living up in queensland and yeah not not because it's queensland but i've actually really enjoyed you know having my own time you know to do my own thing and that's not taking anything away from you know the career that i've had and you know the the demands that the nrl have on on the players and the coaches and all the staff but it's actually been quite refreshing for me um as a person just to be able to pick and choose what i'd like to do on on certain days rather than be dictated to by a training schedule or or a um or a season draw you know so i've just tried to spend as much time as i can with my three kids and my wife and you know we go paddle boarding get to take the kids to school and pick them up from school and attend you know certain things that they're doing in their life that i wasn't able to do when i was playing rugby um that plus i can play a lot more golf now which i'm quite happy about um you know and so over that over that period i've just that's that's probably what helped me make the decision is that i was i was actually enjoying that that time of just having to myself and my family and not having to um give up the things that i've given up for a long long long time [Music] oh look you know melody i'd love to stay involved in some capacity and i'm i've been talking with uh matt tripp and and bellyache through through the back end of last season um after the season finished before christmas and and even uh in the new year about um staying involved in the club in some capacity i'm not too sure what that is at the moment for me i just think the the next steps are that i just let the dust settle for a little bit um don't know i might wind up being like billy and what's that calling game somewhere i was wondering whether but it's something that i enjoy and it's something that i've done my entire life and not just the past 20 years as an nrl player like i've played rugby league since i was six so it's something that i enjoy being around it's given me a whole heap and it's my opportunity now to give back in in some way um what what that will be at the moment i'm not too sure but that'll uh we'll work that out no we went we weren't exactly thinking that way i came down on a trial just for a pre-season and there was a couple of spots in the full-time squad up for grabs and um through work ethic and and competitiveness i got them and um i got to fulfill the childhood dream and playing in the nrl and i look one thing i'm i'm really proud of uh is my contribution our contribution to to not just rugby league in victoria but but sport in general in victoria i know how much it means to victorians um and what sport means to to this to the people down here and um and i'm really proud to you know fly the rugby league flag and the sporting flag in general in in this state like there's not a whole heap of statues around this great sporting precinct and for cam and i to be up there and and to be next to cam as well like like we're great mates uh first and foremost but um everything i did on the football field this bloke was next to me and i spoke about how influent how influential he was in our team and all teams that were in but like no other he he helped me play good you know two other guys that that were so influential craig bellamy and cooper cronk also um you know a huge thanks to those guys throughout my career but um yeah it's very special it's special for myself to to see a statue of of me it's special for rugby league um and it's special to my family like you know in 100 years time my kids are going to have their grandkids come up and and see their um you know whatever my great-great-grandfather or something like that up there at amy park so i'm very proud of that you

- NRL legend Cameron Smith announces retirement: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] yeah for me i look back on my career and just found that i was very fortunate to be a part of such a wonderful organisation filled with many many uh great footballers but great people as well and it just it felt like the right time to finish off the back of what was a very successful season last year you

  Top Comments:
  1. @vincee1652 [1 likes]: At least now someone else's child will have a turn to be ball girls/boys. I don't understand how he can be called the greatest. A hooker just passes the ball from dummy half and always third person in a tackle?
  2. @Mark-u2b3f [1 likes]: Just love this guy and everyone in Melbourne would be so grateful to have seen such an awesome player, Thanks cam.🤟
  3. @cjwallow [1 likes]: Thanx for your service Cameron it's been a pleasure .. Go Storm 😎🇦🇺✔️
  4. @michaelrobertson543: Not the GOAT, king of the GRUBS.

- End of an era. Johnson to retire: Kind: captions Language: en please free to ask question I won't be offended if no one's got anything for me Sean's a headline act here not did know um it's sort of been discussed off and on over probably a few months now and Saturday the phone rang and was Shan I thought I will um he doesn't normally ringing on a Saturday afternoon after a game and we had a bit of a chat and he just let me know that his decision was to retire and um you know then we just spoke about the process moving forward and you know how we want to celebrate him as a as a person he's been most importantly and and the player he's uh he's been in the game particularly for our club aot yeah he's up there for sure like uh you know you on the field he's a talent that you know everyone um aspires to be like but off the field he's um you know he's been a credit to himself the way in which he's you know um met such a high demand in the community in the corporate sector and he's been able to manage that and balance out with it you know when a Golden Boot playing for his country and um you know playing so well for so many years what do you think warri what do you think he's done for league in a he's I reckon he picked up the bat off the likes of you know Sten uh Stacy Jones and um I think he inspired a new generation of kids uh to play the game and he inspired a new generation of fans to watch the game and um I think you know that that without a shadow of a doubt is a legacy not many people can you know can leave behind but you know Sean just inspired a country to you know follow rugby league and in particular the Warriors which um you know we're very grateful for and um you know he'll be remembered by so many different Generations which is a credit to him was there time no no we just left it with sha like we're not thing the thing about the the spot that Shawn will leave isn't necessarily one that we need to rush out tomorrow and buy someone so it wasn't like there was someone on the market or we needed to get someone urgently um so we'll just take a deep breath now and you know we got some good cover in the in the halves and um Cappy and Webby and I catching up later this week just to discuss the plan moving forward so there wasn't like a deadline for that reason um look it's the planning is underway it'll be a special occasion we we we have and we will celebrate his career um you know for those are lucky enough after to have bought a ticket now are going to celebrate that career with us in the grand stand and hopefully he he goes out there and puts on a clinic like he's so often done over the years here and um enjoys the moment for what it is and um you know as a club uh we'll certainly make sure that it's um it's it's well celebrated and uh if you're here you're going to have a a pretty awesome night what does it mean that you came back or how fitt is it that you came back to the Warriors finish off his career after going to Australia for two years yeah I I think he's yeah I think that's the script that um that was written for him uh to get back here and you know wear the colors and you know have an amazing um a tough first 12 months when we were in Australia and then um to come back and lead the charge last year like he did and unfortunately just get pipped at the post of being the best player in the game for the year um you know it really is a remarkable chapter in his um you know in his book that no doubt I'm sure he'll write someday and um he um he deserves a finish in these colors and he you know he deserves a finish here at Mount smart Stadium which he's um which he's going to do finish cool thank you [Music] she was me I was say well that was what call um yeah yeah yeah I mean she has what she has done someone rarded something Andre uh just a word on Sean everything he's given to this club in your time being here just what he means to the club him oh I think he's meant a lot to the club for a long time um obviously he's achieved a lot in the game International Level Club level individual level um but I think the impact he had for our side last year was um pretty amazing and to come back to New Zealand and do it I think it's it's really cool hasn't worked it out exactly how we would have liked this year U which is probably you know probably contributed I'm sure in some way to it but he's just been amazing yeah like I think how many kids in uh New Zealand have wanted to grow up being sha and Johnson or probably the world you know I want to play like him want to step like him want to kick like him so uh he certainly plays a little bit different now he probably uses his brains a lot more and he's very intelligent um but I just super proud of him and happy for him and I just hope we can celebrate him last year your first year y play role in getting the Warriors definitely did he help you in some as well yeah definitely I think the halfback helps any coach really um I ask his opinion I lean on him um he's done it he's done he's been around a long time so he understands it well so you'd be an idiot not to lean on a guy like Sean and he executed it that was that was the difference like he didn't just talk about it he went out and did it every week and happy fun I know that this is not about you but you did you know have away and he you bring the best out of him espe last what was it about him last I guess you could bring the best out of him get him close to oh I I just feel like um my piece has been really small as the fact is I just believed in Shan um I think he was probably close to retiring at the end of the year in redcliffe um and I was just thought man if you want to play and you're happy to play and you want to You're motivated then you're a halfback and that's I think that's a small contribution I made like I think Shan turned up to day one of preseason last year um super motivated looked fit trained hard did every session um and you saw the saw the reward I mean I think Sean's attitude changed his defense like went from this flashy halfback to a guy who was willing to do all the gritty stuff and I remember getting text message from his old teammates saying um how tough Sean become so um I it's all Sean the last few weeks what are the conversations you've had with him you know were you giving him any advice on what to do come back what the conversation like no I I I've never certainly um never gave him any advice on what he should do I was we were constantly chatting about and how he was feeling at times I I didn't know how he felt and that was a poor communication I think that was more the fact where he was trying to work it out himself and I certainly um never put any pressure on on him on what he should do just kept asking and checking in with him every now and then and um I think he needed to get back playing to make that decision um he's doing that so um yeah it's it hasn't been clear for a long time and I think everyone's been asking a lot of questions for a long time and I don't think anyone knew the answer I'm particularly sure coach what has been the reaction from the um the the playing grp were really um quite Blown Away really a little bit shocked um I think everyone knew what was going to happen one day um but yeah though they were shocked um I think I rattled a few of them um because Sean's obviously closer to a lot of the group and then I think a few of them were really motivated to celebrate Shawn and um yeah I I don't think anyone knows how to react in that moment but it was certainly a lot of silence as he was speaking and you could tell the room you could cut the air with a knife you knew something was coming um but I thought it was a it was a special moment and what does this do for the motivation for the of the SE well like if this hadn't happened we' got a lot to play for um but um trying to make the NRL finals every year is something huge but to honor Sean like um we also got Aden leaving um Jer got other players leaving as well like this group won't be together again um so I think it is added motivation um but a guys's had such a contribution to the Warriors in the game I think I think we could uh we could certainly do something for it what sort of hold is he leave at the club you know on the field in the sheds and as a biger head for the club um definitely leaves a hole I mean I mean that's why we value him so much and it's why we respect him and um but I hope in I hope in some capacity hangs around and still has a contribution and doesn't vanish that'd be nice because um I feel like he's got a lot to offer still um might might not necessarily be out on the field but he's feel like he's still got a lot to contribute but it's early days so we'll just wait and see how that that plays out but um yeah he's going to leave a big hole too but I feel like uh he could he could help guide the Next Generation Um and make sure that he um when he leaves it's not such a good hole a big hole and at the same time we' got a lot of good halves that a lot of clubs in NL with love so um that closes that chapter a new one will start the idea you have oh I haven't no I just you just asked me just a question about the hly leaves and I I just think I I mentioned at the start that how many kids he's motivated to play rby league in the world but particularly New Zealand um so if he's had that big of an impact I feel like he's got a lot to pass on so um I think it's more about playing now and finishing strong and trying to win and then we can talk more about that I mean I've certainly always joked with him about it and said you're going to be here one day and this will be you in the coach's room and he laughs about it so but yeah be nice te oh well we we certainly not happy you know the way we played um but we we've got to draw a line in the sand and we got we got four games out we got two we got two final Series this is the first one for the next four weeks some elimination and even if we win for we might not get there but um we're not going to die wondering we're going to crack and then if we do happen to get there new Final Series start so um we're motivated we're not giving up um and yeah I think we're excited for the new challenge I just don't think it'd be fair on Luke I think the way he played on the weekend was unbelievable for a first game back but yeah I don't think off if it was off the back of a two we or a four- we injury maybe but such a long injury I don't think that'd be fair on Luke but if he keeps playing like that and he played 40 minutes he's going to play 80 this week in reserve grade so um I think we'll we'll see the Improvement and work again awesome thank you guys sure about this cooperation sharing mik stand unlikely companions they would have been should got I feel likeably Happ AAL so gets one oh so you I'll Dan yeah yeah I ja sh is just down jump a even the Olympics the Olympics he we want a gold a individual SL canoing a the bro everyone's I got to deal with that after this hold on let me get my breath justair y few games ago in the season but congratulations decision teammates yesterday came out public yesterday just um it's been yeah it's been a really um probably draining 24 hours you know um a lot went to you know yesterday um but yeah feel a heat better now that it's known and um you know committed to the decision and yeah feel a just sort of feel like a little bit's gone off me shoulders you know like I sort of have known for a little bit and just about to come out and say it um and announce it the way I wanted to yeah feel whole he better yeah yeah it's hard um yeah knew it was going to be um yeah these decisions you know you're never obviously going to take lightly so yeah bit goes into itls you achieved well do you think back then this um no well you know if you told the kid you know before walked into the doors here that you're going to go on and play you know over a couple hundred games with the club and I'm over 250 in the NRL no there's no way um yeah so you know to reflect on the journey so far it's been um certainly like sort of you know a little bit taken back by it um and even just the the flood of messages um of support and congratulations and people reaching out um even that's been you know to be honest a little bit overwhelming so um it's funny yeah like probably yeah a little bit na but just didn't really expect it to sort of be this this big you know like the the response has been crazy so um yeah it's been it's been cool teammates what was that moment you your team I was tough as well yeah yeah they um like that was the bit I was probably most anxious about you know throughout the whole process but yeah I just kept it short and sweet didn't allow myself enough time up there to sort of get too sidetracked from what I was actually trying to say so um it's probably a good thing you know like maybe you know a few of them were shocked that a couple of them actually thought I was getting up to announce my extension so that's um that was nice to hear you know like it's um I just love been how to do this on my own terms you know I feel like in this game you know when you've been in it you know this long you can quite easily not control these situations and um your departure you know can be forced sometimes so you know for me to be able to have complete control over this knowing that there was something there for me to play play on next year um but I I've made the decision not to you know like I can take a lot in that I from me I know you've got two young children do they understand that finishing no I haven't even told them I want them to think on that cool dad for a little longer yet so um I'll hold off on that was the one particular moment you up hey I've answered these questions mate got to check the podcast baby come on bro hey you haven't subscribed yet eh come on there um now I I've known for a little while and I've probably like joked about it a fair bit and it's been real light-hearted but I mean to be honest if you're joking about it it's stemming from somewhere you know so I've started to feel this way um you know but I sort of said um it was probably the the the real sort of penny drop moment was probably when I received the offer from the club you know they they came through and gave me everything I wanted um and it probably didn't hit home How It Should Have you know or how previous contracts and have in the past and that was a bit of a point for me where I was like man like I'm not not just going to sign a contract here to pick up you know a paycheck you know like there's there's there's something here that I need to think about um and I need to figure out so that if I'm being honest that moment sucked because yeah again if you told the kid before I'd walked through the doors that at 33 you're going to be turning down a contract you would have told him shut up sign the thing you know do what you love so all these conversations all these thoughts that happened in the background theyve happened in my head time and time again um but it still Leed me to make this decision apologies oh here we go your enjoyment on the field can you just the seasons does it no like obviously when you're not winning um and you're not healthy it's I won't lie it's been it has been tough at times um but like even in the weekend coming back into the side running out it's still just such a buzz you know it's still very much not loss of me that like this is crazy that I get to do this and experience this you know and um I still have that like little kid of me where I'm like this is mean you know like running out so um obviously you know I've made this decision but it's not because there's no love there for the game or you know like yeah it's none of that um you also done a lot for the Warriors but the key was as well you had a great career for them does that mean a lot that you you've achieved for them over the years yeah yeah it does um it's a little bit diff you know speaking about the key because I haven't been in that environment for a handful of years now um but man when Stace got the head head coach in G there was a bit of me that was like oh man you know that would be that would be a dream to be able to play some The kiwis on the stat you know so like that that that Jersey is the one I hold in most you know the most high regard um and I loved every minute of we're in that Jersey you know representing our country so um yeah hopefully it's a space I can be a part of down the track you know I'll be seing a different role but um I feel like you know there there's some massive strides there that that I guess that Jersey can make in the country and time at the Sharks our decision you could be playing for the Tigers right at this moment does it does it mean a lot that you're retiring as a warrior oh I wouldn't want it any other way and um yeah I mean everything think just it just shows you everything happens for a reason and coming back to the club you know Mark Robinson cam George um giving me an opportunity to come home and um yeah just yeah just be in front of my family um play for the club that yeah just means so much to me it's the it's the best way I could possibly um you know picture this to finish so yeah very happy with that so I'm not going to be here coach there's no way um but I I think there's a role um here at the club I hope there is can if you're watching this um and I think there's a similar one you know with the Kiwi as well um you know when I came through all my age groups I didn't have a specialist coach to help me learn my position um and there's probably only one player could have maybe done it which was probably Stacy you know or bingi was still playing so you know like someone that's I can listen to that I've seen on the Telly knowing that they've done the Reps and knowing that they've been at that highest level you know you can you can coach a coach locally you know like to go and teach the kids but it carries more weight if it's coming from someone that you know has been in the arena and done it in those moments and I feel like there's a role here and I don't want to walk away from that cuz I think you know been able to give those experiences back to you know our kids coming through our you we've got seven teams here next year um through our Pathways programs been able to get you know our young spine members thinking like first graders like why not you know and start molding them and then keeping local talent here don't let them go to Melbourne or penth or somewhere else and then we've got to pay freaking Millions to try get them back you know like let's grow them here let's nurture them here and I think I can help out with that oh they're not I feel like they're not coming through you know I'll correct you on that I feel like they're established first graders and that um we've all made each other better players through competition you know we've seen the way to M's played this year Luke had a great start to the season um Chanel coming back in like just getting bit every week so um I've loved working with them you know and it's definitely hasn't been my jersey to hand down to them now it's a jersey that we all compete for for um and we all you know want to put our hands up and be to delivering so um I know ly meta in particular can't wait to be that guy out there when he needs to keep be winning drop go to win the game for the club um and I'm excited to see him step into that role and do that so um yeah really exciting times for the club yeah it's a it's a bit of a um like even today at training you know I'm sort of torn between just enjoy it you know but then also like there's that competitive bug in me that like I just no I still want to just take every box to give myself the best chance and us the best chance at winning so there's still hard work to be done you know and like we're certainly not giving up I'm not giving up and um you know getting this sort of announcement off my chest allows me just to focus on that now so um yeah bro obviously it's got to be an aspect of just enjoying it um taking it all in like if I get to play this weekend going up to sun Court like it's going to be my last time you know probably playing up there so just bits and pieces like that yeah going to be special special sort of month 40 or so game a podcast come on play on get on it um what did I I mean there's there's there's a few um I remember like it's not an individual moment but the game we played out here against Newcastle last year in that final um that that's going to be pretty hard to forget anytime soon I think just obviously the occasion of the game and how well we played that night um walking around the stadium after and the fans just going crazy like that's kind of like the memory I'm going to hold on to yeah better okay ankles oh that's not that's that's a good question who where are you from oh CR well okay um is there anyone that stands out to me of ankles and I say this respectfully I say this with the utmost respect there was that try I had out here um I got cam Smith I don't know if you guys know him yeah I got cam SM with a nice little right and then I got through and then I gave moner the little Goosey so um that one that I don't know why that one to me is my favorite like I get asked similar questions you know a lot but that one stands out no it's funny there is some truth n no but I can guarantee you I will be in Vegas next year to start the season in some capacity I don't care I'm a hand in the CV all over to try to get a get on that plane ride yeah thanks everyone thank you guys appreciate it thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @dbrohard2808 [3 likes]: Thanks sj for all the Warrior memories all the best to you and your Wahnau...up the wahz..
  2. @gt57-1yk [2 likes]: 9 weeks too late
  3. @terryhapi8567 [1 likes]: What a player excitement in what he can dofor the  game of rugby  League as a mentor for younger players
  4. @anauanau1229 [1 likes]: Your the best SJ love you brother  up the warriors
  5. @jasoncoulam6000: About time , he's way overrated and now the warriors might just win the premiership.
  6. @sililopakometeao4530: Once a warrior always a warrior  thank's for the great memories SJ will be missed  hope the boys  can send you of with a couple of wins before you retire Up the Wahs.
  7. @asinthedaysofnoah7942: Can’t wait for the book
  8. @tango18gudvibes: The Last Dance
  9. @stevepetherick789: Thanks SJ for all the fantastic moments on the nrl rollercoaster what an icon.
  10. @jinjaman101: chur bro. You been awesome young man!!
  11. @ironzion3747: Thank you SJ💙all the best🙏🏾 WIN•LOSE•DRAW😝👐🏾4LYFE!💯💯

- Sport Now: Around the grounds: Kind: captions Language: en ahead of his final NRL match roosters halfback Krupa conk says he's uncomfortable being mentioned alongside the game's greats Krunk will play in his ninth grand final on Sunday and will join an illustrious Club of rugby league legends only Norma proven and Bryan clay played in more deciders throughout their careers playing in ten H while Edea lumsden and Ron couch also played in nine those guys a pioneers of football today without the way that those guys and you go back to Delhi messenger clinic all those guys are the reason we are able to play today it sits with me uncomfortably to be even spoke about the same breath because I'm a result of the clubs and the teams and the people are being involved with Cronk hasn't revealed his plans post retirement joking with the media that he'll be unemployed from Monday and looking for a job Premiership coach Damian Hardwick has revealed senior players were involved in the selection of Molly and Pickett Tigers forward Jack Rewald says he's proud of the club for selecting Pickett who etched his name in Grand Final folklore with an outstanding AFL debut actually was bored on crawling when he keep that Gallagher just from pure emotion and the story like the ability for the arguably the best player in the competition who was on the verge of winning his non second Norm Smith medal to go out of his way to keep that ball to a bloke in his first game is s I'm so proud of just the club for that reason I'm so proud of the coach to be bold enough to select him but just Dima had the courage to pick him Marlon had the courage to play even our pliers like buddy Jackie's anoi he walks in match committee one save his little say picking and it's a credit to once again Marlon but a lot of people at our footy club put a lot of work and support into getting Marlon and his family over and I got no doubt yeah he gets the middle but those people deserve an enormous pat on the back for giving him a chance

- How to Play as a Fullback: Tips and Techniques for Success in 2023 | Footy Tactics: Kind: captions Language: en as the ball gets rotated over if the ball is ever Central you want to be located in the half spaces just like you can see in this clip right here [Music] what are the responsibilities of a fullback in today's video we are going to dive deep into the responsibilities of a fullback here is a list providing with defending wide areas over and underlapping runs and of course your technical ability so let's look at fullbacks in possession the first things first providing width in this first clip we're gonna notice as soon as the center back is turning their body the fullback is getting wide ready to receive you want to receive here in these areas with your back foot always attempting to go forward in this particular scenario first touch is forward and then puts in a cross same thing that fullback is wide in this second clip they have space to move forward so they're going to take their space and move forward once you're in the attacking third look to combine with any midfielder Strikers in your Zone in this third clip we have a pullback on the flanks receiving the ball and dropping into that zone the reason they don't overlap is because there's already a Winger in that zone dropping into the space provides them the opportunity to have three different options of pass just connecting everybody being patient with the ball making sure that they find the right path now let's look at fullbacks in the attacking third usually in these areas you're gonna be in a Zone where you can put in a cross or perform a dribble to create a dangerous opportunity for your team in these zones you're gonna look to be a little bit more direct than in any other Zone here are a few clips of The fullbacks Whipping in across first post second post or looking to combine with any teammates in those zones thank you defending wide areas this is going to occur when your team is out of possession in these next clips you're going to notice how the fullbacks are covering their Zone first and then stepping out of it to defend any passes or anything happening in their area here we see the fullback showcasing their work ethic tracking that runner back making sure they get back in the zone here they are close to their Center back making sure that they cover the Central Area first and then step out when a Winger gets the ball out wide your objective is to try and close down that space and force them backwards as quick as possible of course this depends whether that Wingers touch is forward backward or sideways in this scenario the left back is patiently waiting once the ball gets played out wide they step they have a 4v3 advantage in this scenario and they force opposition to play Backwards here this fullback is covering the weak Side Run in these scenarios you need to make sure that you cover the Central Area first from this view you can see when the ball's on the weak side you always want to use the six yard box as reference of where you should be standing as the ball gets rotated over if the ball is ever Central you want to be located in the half spaces just like you can see in this clip right here overlapping runs these runs are performed when you want to create a numerical Advantage for your team out on the flanks when you are performing these overlapping runs you're usually going to run around the outside of your teammates to go into the space provided behind the Defenders here are a few Clips where the fullback is making runs over into that space behind and providing any opportunities out on the flanks to generate a cross or any combination in this clip you see that space out on the right and that player making that run into space and looking to combine and providing a Crossing up opportunity underlapping runs consist of the same concept except in these scenarios you are going to be making a run inside the field into the half Space versus running on the outside into the flanks sometimes the spaces in behind are already covered or you might have a teammate in that area so you're going to occupy the space inside to be an option inside or to create any other options for your teammates around that area lastly we have technical ability where it's your job to Showcase this in different areas of the field here the left back is in a 3v3 situation uses the momentum against the defender to go inside and use his speed and Technical ability to get out of trouble in the defensive Zone there's going to be plenty of moments when you need to get out of trouble by using your dribbling ability here you have the left back taking up that space this showcases their ability to read the space in front of them dribble out and pick out the right pass it's going to be moments when you have space in the Midfield third and the attacking third and it's your job to identify that and aggressively take that space forward do not hesitate make sure you are able to identify these scenarios and take up the space to provide any passing opportunities or dribbling opportunities foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @munirzeqja [29 likes]: i had a match with my team today and your tips made me get 2 assist and a goal
  2. @miauw8762 [21 likes]: You miss an important part in this video. All these videos are around the midline. Where is the scenario that you start from a goal kick?
  3. @dooms1241 [10 likes]: One day i will be the best RB in world 🙏🏼
  4. @Kochampolske3939 [2 likes]: If this aucctully helps me win my game today I'll like and subscribe seems promising
  5. @KJWUmbralEcho1051 [1 likes]: This is the BEST video for teaching me the fullback position. Thank you!
  6. @satisht.p3120 [1 likes]: Me watching this the day before my school tournament 😅
  7. @RidhoBahagia [1 likes]: Very nice tutorial
  8. @AjithaTv33: Thank you for this video
  9. @lonely_hunter44: SIMPLY play wide in both, attack and defend
  10. @zumdeibl: Thank you
  11. @Merflam.productions: Thanks bro
  12. @FrighSkyPH22: I will be using this for our match
  13. @theateddy-u4v: thank you, this was very helpful
  14. @theateddy-u4v: thank you, this was very helpful
  15. @theateddy-u4v: thank you, this was very helpful
  16. @theateddy-u4v: thank you, this was very helpful
  17. @I_am_DHARNIEL: As a left back what training do I need to do without equipment
  18. @ICeyDaRapZeus: I actually came here cause I was thinking of buying FRIMPONG RETRO CARD RED RANK, and his def is medium while his attack is HIG, I want him balance so I'll choose the TACKLER for him thanks to this video cause I need his aggression to be upped
  19. @kavikavi-jn8gn: Thank you so much brother ❤
  20. @dagimminale1118: Very good thanks ❤

- How to make running back sharp cuts : Football Tips: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi I'm Justin foret professional football player and today I'mma talk to you and show you how to make Sharp Cuts you want to find ways in and when you playing football ways to improve your Cuts because if you can do that you can accelerate make people miss and get to your destination a lot quicker so I got my guys here zeni J Ross and KP helping me here because a lot of people they practice Cuts but when you're making a cut usually you have some people around you so you're trying to get away from somebody so you always want to make sure when you're doing things like this working on drills like this that you have people trying to help you that are going to create a game likee atmosphere this is a game I atmosphere because these guys while I'm making my cuts they're going to attack and act like Defenders attack the ball so I got to make sure while I'm focused on making Sharp Cuts I also have to make sure I'm protecting the football so we're going to start off the key here is first when you're making Cuts Sharp Cuts cuz a lot of guys make mistake and when they make when they when they're going to make a cut they come here they Co out of control in order to stop they got to take all these Shuffle steps in order to slow down but you want to be smooth coming out of your Cuts because when you making a cut on the defender trying to get away you want to you want to spend as least amount of time as possible stopping and starting again because you gain him time to come make a tackle and while he's gaining ground his other buddies on the opposite side of the field running to trying to catch you and trying to strip the ball from you you got to make sure that you're making smooth and consistent Cuts so you can get away from these guys so here you go I'm going go to run through it live for you you want to make sure that when you make a cut you come here boom you want to not only push away from this Defender but on that next step gain ground because you want to gain ground away from him because once he sees that you're pass him he's going to chase so you want to make sure that you gain ground notice when I made my cut I also protect the football because they're going for the ball that's how they make their money so I'm going run through it for you ready those are tips in order for you to have Sharp Cuts to separate from the defender and gain ground and get closer to your destination and further away from the Defenders so make sure you're not stutter stepping makeing sure you're attacking them and makeing sure press you're pushing away with one foot and gaining ground with the other those are my tips to making Sharp Cuts

  Top Comments:
  1. @judehasdrip [80 likes]: i’m 96, 360 lbs, 9’11. i can’t really tackle but i can run a whole entire yard in 478 years. this video helped a lot.
  2. @markwolfe503 [4 likes]: Great illustration. Easy  for all to understand
  3. @BladenBoys [2 likes]: Thank you. You’re showing what not to do and common mistakes. This will make the players more self aware.
  4. @LordFriezaEdits [1 likes]: I’m 17, 7’1”, my dad won heisman and is a hof running back and taught me everything, I’m pure muscle, going d1, workout 25 hours a day. Anyone know where the restroom is at?
  5. @giovannizago12 [1 likes]: I’m 4’6 and I need help catching and making short cuts but YOU helped ME. Thank you so much for everything
  6. @talIyhalI [1 likes]: People who don't play football reading the comments be like: 💀
  7. @KingJay1255Music [1 likes]: 6’0
185
18 yo
Last year playing high school fb
i’m a WR & MLB
  8. @hypeiceT [1 likes]: 5,5
117lbs
14
RB
5.56 40 yard
Before doing this drills and will edit after 3 months

I’m now 5,6
121lbs
14
RB
havent done a 40 since

It’s been 11 since the first im now
15
5,8
130 lean but tryna change that
RB
5.14 40yard

16
5,9
160lbs
RB / Slot receiver
4.89 40
  9. @Random_guy_on_the_grid [1 likes]: Im 5"4 and weigh 145 and am fast and strong for my size. What should I play? I was thinking running back but not sure
  10. @badboymowersofnorman6011: This is why bounding drills are soooo important!!! You do want to stand straight up after the cut and Excell. Sorry, but he is breaking down too much.
  11. @giovannizago12: Thank you for helping me so much with all of these videos they all helped me through my time
  12. @chantelledickey3522: 6 years old
  13. @thugchamp: 5'20 and 1200 pounds thanks coach
  14. @Emmanuelnguyen-r8v: basicaly plant your foot and go as fast as you can
  15. @Matt4ever91: 5’10 190lbs freshman linebacker im trying to go to running back next year cause ours are too small and afraid to get hit only problem is I don’t have enough speed to play the position but I’m trying to get faster in the meantime i want to get the other techniques down
  16. @Z_rix01: Bro stop calling it football
  17. @beatdownsaturn: im 5'10", 270 and an Right tackle on o-line. i wanna be as fast as our receivers tho
  18. @joseh9021: Practice these at my house and Wow my cuts are so rounded I ended up around the corner of my neighborhood.

What can I do but keep tryin
  19. @FrontRangeFishing1: Trying to get better at playground football to be better than my friends
  20. @wisdomobasi4766: Im 12 5'2 103 pounds

- 3 Ways To Become a Better Scrum Half - RugbySlate: Kind: captions Language: en the scrum half the number nine the link between the forwards and the backs everyone knows that they need to have a great pass a good level of fitness and a pinpoint box kick but outside of these core skills what else should a nine do before we start just a quick shameless plug if you're looking for a rugby related gift or something just for yourself please head over to shop.rugbyfate.com and check out our vintage rugby posters so let's get right into it three ways to become a better scrum half [Music] number one cheat lines this is an attacking concept as easy to miss if you're just a casual viewer of rugby but you might have wondered how come the player that primarily distributes the ball seems to crop up on the scoresheet so frequently the answer support line and more specifically cheat lines so what the hell is a cheat line well watch this phase by south africa the scrum half after clerk distributes the ball but then never takes a step backwards instead he predicts where the player is going to be and starts moving straight there this means that he's there to support and help gain those extra meters you can see from this above angle just how far ahead of the ball he is effectively cheating getting to where the ball is rather than just simply following the play in this example it doesn't lead to a try as opposed to this example with gloucester the scrum half gets quick ball from the first breakdown and identifies as an overlap out wide so arcs his run so he's in the perfect position to receive the pass and score a very easy try under the posts to add this to your game it's not just about blindly running an aggressive cheat line every phase it's about reading the play and making a good prediction the best way for a scrum half to bring this into their game is to focus on directly running sideways from a breakdown this gives them the option to curve it around and turn it into a cheat line but if there's a tackle at or behind the gain line you're still close enough to support number two defensive positioning if you see my video about the pendulum defense you'll be familiar with the idea of defending the backfield ready for a kick in that video i show this animation which doesn't actually tell you the full story a gap will open up behind the defensive line when the defenders move forwards towards the attackers this gap is the responsibility of the scrum half this might be obvious for some but is often overlooked not only does it stop short chips or grubber kicks but it also helps the defense in many other ways firstly the 9 will be able to spot any areas that need more defenders in the line and then fill them to stop the easy tries for the attack also by the scrum half being behind the line they're able to follow the play and make cover tackles if the attack do manage to get round the side of the defense and finally with the scrum half in this position you're given a second line of defense if there's any small breaks through the middle so the nine can quickly snuff them out defensive positioning for a scrum half is very difficult to coach as it's extremely dependent on the situation that is being faced the core principles to follow in order importance in something like this firstly do i need to defend the fringes of the breakdown if not do i need to join the defensive line to plug any holes and if not then i should fall into the typical position which will be about five to ten meters behind the defensive line following the ball across the field in reality it can end up being far more complicated than that number three sniping for those that don't know sniping is where the scrum half picks up from the base of a ruck or a mall and then runs with it themselves any decent nine will be constantly looking for gaps near the breakdown and attacking the fringes anytime there's an opportunity even forwards can get in on the action however what i want to talk about is where sniping is against defenders have a scrum half can use themselves to draw in players cause a mismatch or generate an overlap this is done by doing something that's typically avoided in rugby running sideways with the ball this can take a defender by surprise and if they're too slow to react can lead to an easy line break for the scrum half alternatively if a second defender is drawn in to tackle the 9 then a gap will likely open up and a simple offload will cause a big problem for the defense this concept can be very simple such as turning a one on one into a two on one by the nine simply picking up the ball and drawing the defender or it can be a bit more complicated but adding in switches to attack the gap left by the nine drawing the defenders across or even working into a pre-arranged move even if this sniping movement by the nine doesn't draw any mistakes out from the defense what it can do is give the 9 more time on the ball to make a better decision and pick the right option to get sniping to work the 9 wants to force the defense into making a decision and then exploiting any gap they leave even if that means getting flattened in the process the core idea behind this is to attack the inside shoulder of the outside defender here the 9 is focusing on the 6 so as the 9 runs across if the 6 is too focused on the 8 and comes up too fast the 9 can just easily go through this gap without a problem if the 3 is too slow at getting a cross so the six needs to help tackle the scrum half the nine can simply offload the ball to the eight for them to go through the gap or like we've seen before the eight can run a switch behind the line and exploit the newly created gap so there's three ways to become a better scrum half cheat lines defensive positioning and sniping if you found the animations helpful go check out rugbyslate on instagram for more play breakdowns of both forwards and backs moves if you want to make your own rugby animations head over to animator.rugbyslate.com and finally if you've enjoyed this video please consider subscribing for more and check out the other videos on the channel thanks very much

  Top Comments:
  1. @Albusdumbledore840 [13 likes]: Thanks this is Brilliant I play as a u13 scrum half and will definitely use these tips next game
  2. @Lemcicle [2 likes]: 5:29 there is 12 twelve
  3. @barbravansweets1454 [2 likes]: Are there any workouts that you would recommend for scrum halfs?
  4. @brentfordclearfrfr [1 likes]: Top tier video, will help me in the future and understand cheat lines fully now!
  5. @tommyverran [1 likes]: helps a lot, will definitely use these tips next game
  6. @Ebshorts172 [1 likes]: I have a U10 tournament tomorrow thank you
  7. @mattdraper8324: What happens if a halfback runs a cheat line but then a player gets tackled, more specifically in the SA clip you showed, Faf is very far away from the ball
  8. @Gj-8422: Is Faf not offside when he runs ahead of the ball like that?
  9. @franjudd: Excellent video 👏
  10. @Rubiks_cube_123: This made me well better
  11. @Grace23874: Thanks for the video
  12. @Cafe_Nickel: Since the rise of Dupont, it seems that the scrum-half position has taken on a much more important dimension in modern rugby
  13. @Kjk172: Great video
  14. @philwilliams2505: Faf and Gareth as a number 8 they are the best scrumhalf ..but I was honoured to play with a great scum half called Keith Manning .
  15. @traccount3011: Brilliant vision
  16. @hendrikpretorius4192: 👍🏾👍🏾👍🏾
  17. @r.g.4011: This is a great video. Great examples and animations. Thank you.
  18. @aaronalviar9137: Kick returns stuff was good
  19. @aaronalviar9137: It was a video I wanted to hear but u lost me at cheap position...where else am I gonna run after passing.
  20. @ChiefVitalstatistix: Fantastic content, thanks mate.

- How Exeter Use Defence To Attack: Kind: captions Language: en so here's a good example how defensive tactics can lead to a turnover and then eventually a try so sale have one man in the bin so they're short of an attack in numbers but just watch how exeter put maunder number nine into the wider channel and they also don't compete at the ruck that allows them to have maximum numbers on their feet when sale come back the other way look at the work rate to get back on side and what that knock on effect is is once they get back on side quickly they can then get on their toes and apply maximum line speed with all those numbers that they've preserved so when we play through now you're going to see a double tackle and again that allows them to win the game line but they also don't compete at a ruck that's going to keep numbers on their feet once again and there's maunder number nine he's worked himself into that wide channel he puts maximum pressure on at the 13 channel leads to a knock-on slate pounces on it executes the 2v1 brilliant try

  Top Comments:
  1. @garethcuddy1367 [4 likes]: Great analysis - that reset speed for defense is criminally underappreciated.
  2. @Ottoblack33: When number 9 tackled - isn't it off side ?

- Stop N Go halfback pass: Kind: captions Language: en fourth and goal Spartans need a big stop 2 oh hit us hit us M oh

- NZ Rugby players on why All Black halfback TJ Perenara could excel in the NRL | RugbyPass: Kind: captions Language: en there'll be no tj pennata by the looks of it because he might be playing in the nrl sometimes yeah well i was going to say when bryn was saying do they discuss the all black squad and stuff i was like i guarantee you he'll be like well peter narada better go to the roosters he might get us he might get him because by the sounds of it it's just to finish off this season yeah after his japanese contract so i don't it doesn't sound like he's doing it to leverage contracts or anything i think he's genuinely trying to have a crack at league yeah i think it's exciting like i we all know i like to talk about a league i think he'd make a great dummy half and and obviously um jake friends just retired due to concussion so it would be a natural fit um is it has he played it before i don't know um has has he got the ability to go in there learn their system learn the game that quickly it's probably easier going from rugby to league than coming from a league heavy background to rugby just because of the rules and the structure so i think i think if anyone could do it um he could because one of his motivation levels and two just how much of a competitor he is and and how much he had he'd love to probably get an nrl um trophy ring he could start at hookah just distributing you know doing a lot of tackling in the middle but as it goes on you you could see more cam smith coming out of him more directing of the play from dummy half all those kind of things oh absolutely he'll he'll definitely be vocal it's that's as that's in his nature he'll he'll want to he'll want to be um you know a director and if you think of the injuries that the roosters have got you know they've got no luke carey there who's who's normally their general so they've got young uh sam walker who's who's he's about 18 years old he's quite young and stature they've making a makeshift sort of sort of halves combo at the moment so someone of like a 70 test experience coming in they probably would want a general they would want a vocal nine someone having that ability to um you know it might be hard they might it might be hard for them to come in there and demand but they would want someone that has that vocal nature um and and demands from each other so i think it would be a good fit yeah i think mine i think is would might take a little bit of time but again he's got his his player his style of play with how he plays rug i think it's going to transition great into into the league i think probably a great position for him to be with being able to transition into it would actually be in 14 um it might be a little bit more broken it won't be so much dependent on him coming on and running the cutter for 80 minutes or 60 minutes and him just being able to i think cover lock he can cover nine but then again he might actually be able to lose he's that he's that competitive and can play that um physical so i think he might have a little bit of a hybrid in him which um which could be interesting for him moving forward and that kind of 14 interchange role yeah you can get a little bit of 13 into him as well kind of playing similar to jazz devonga maybe yeah like uh brandon smith as well i just think they've got nat butcher there they've got sam virils coming back i just don't know if that's the spot they're trying to fill is it feasible to bring a guy in mid-season who's never played the sport at a top level like is that is that really rolling the dice a bit much i think they're probably they're backing themselves coaching-wise they'll probably be getting to they'd be i'd say they'd be leaning on sonny bill a little bit to learn a little bit about his character how diligent he would be to upskill and learn um and how professional he is and and i'd be relying a little bit on that if a rugby league player was to arrive at your doorstep you know halfway through rugby out it's hard it's it's it's a totally different thing though yeah it's going league to rugby it's so much harder that way because of the structures yeah and the breakdown is just such a beast that you need so much more time than going from rugby to league but you spend i suppose what i'm trying to say is you spend all that time in the preseason you do all of those things that build a team together so you understand your structures and your play for someone to arrive they're so depleted though the rooster's squad at the moment is so depleted injury-wise it's not about that like it's like they would um trent robinson was on the radio the other day saying that you know he's he's at 18 foot players to choose from 19 foot players to choose from in a squad i don't think they're going to be worried they though they are depleted yeah you know you look at matt duffy as an example around there um here's a guy that had finally you know growing up playing rugby went over to the storm and he'll be he's you know i remember talking to about when his first couple years he was he was obviously a harbor he said it just took him so long to have the understanding around you know what it is to be able to be a fullback and obviously roster ship we go through name the same situation around it's just so when it comes to uh comes to our game and whether that be a breakdown or it's a um it's a pendulum it's different different plays you've got to know and it's not just like you know not to say their league isn't just it's it's a little bit um i wouldn't say it's easy to play but you know there's a lot of blocked players you know let's play very similar whereas rugby there's just so much variety and you've got to understand so many different things around rules and how you play so um but i think you know you've just let's you've got to remember as well you know tj is that competitive and you know i look at he actually spoke to brandon smith around you know certain things that he wanted to look for so it's hot blonde for a while so he's you know you know knowing tj he's probably you know he's probably talked to the right people who's needed to talk to is it feasible with this is a genuine option of this happening so um i think when you've ever got a guy that's played that many games in rugby uh at the international level and at super bowl and big moments and he's thrived in that environment um again we're coming back to your point jump around trenton robinson around his back in the coaching style to be able to give him what he needs to succeed at that level if he does go but don't put a passive guy that will um that i think will love that challenge and again it's in his it's in his dna that's in his blood there's a lot of royalty with the piranhas when it comes to rugby league one of the things i loved reading rugby league social media over the last week it's because you know the rugby league people in australia love to hate rugby absolutely love it and they were like oh you know he's never going to handle the middle of the park you know he's just one of these and i thought you guys have never seen this bloke yeah like you said like the most competitive man in the whole world but also just he loves the physical stuff oh he lives for it yeah he loves that confrontation he's gonna be in it he'll be he'll he'll do a hit and he'll do the old kidwell standover he'll give and i think sometimes um you can get caught up in those stats as well like so sometimes you're the second or third tackler in and you get those stats that are quite misleading they don't quite um show the full picture and sometimes you know like we'll get celebrated for 15 tackles you know but you've also hit 30 racks so if you add that together it's 45 you know and there's so many ways that you could argue it's similar um but there's no point because it's it's never going to be heard um so i i don't there is a different level of fitness it's a different fitness yeah so there will be a shift in terms of how you have to train and get fit for it but no doubt he'll be making those adjustments already if he's if he's doing it yeah yeah i wonder if rts is doing similar things right now making phone calls during his 100th game he looked like it was 100 rugby league like he was all over it i'm sure he's done the phone calls before he signed surely yeah yeah but i'm sure he's probably um he'd be he'd be looking into it because he's he's got to come back to rugby at some point so he'll be doing some stuff outside of the rugby league realm of learning what to do i i assume there's no text messages coming through to you not to me yeah i'd say be more to matt duffy yeah fair enough it's pretty exciting though i know we've got a lot of wingers we've got a lot of fallbacks we've got all that stuff but watching rts on the weekend bryn watching him do what he does and then thinking boy you're going to be taking on some tight defenders in the last 20 minutes in a rugby game no one's going to stop you and also a lot more tired than like league forwards are not like um rugby type 5 you know like they are quite a lot fitter mold if you know what i mean like it's a different sort of athlete so he he will be able to cause um some serious damage late in games some props are going to be lurking and lifting his double oh yeah you know a guy with his his kind of footwork you know very similar to raj who's got a great left foot actually both both feet actually so but i think um yeah anytime you know you're probably gonna back those coaches around when he does come in they'll have the plans in place for him to to try and upskill himself as quick as you can into the into the season next year but you look when he's in in space depending on playing with fullback or winger um you know you're gonna you're gonna look at that that that team should be thinking all my marketing roger and they're left right back so um it's gonna be great for the game when he does finally come in uh next year it's gonna be difficult at the same time like you say coming over to this game is it's hard well i think you've already heard leon come out and say we're not going to rush him yeah it is going to take time and that they've already taken that pressure off him yeah so so don't he will not be rushed and whether he starts at full work or he might even start on the wing and transition to fullback i don't know they haven't said anything like that to me i'm just guessing but he came out when it was announced and so it said look it is it will take time

  Top Comments:
  1. @npd6225 [7 likes]: Good on him for having a go. I think the fitness and physicality will be a shock but at least he’s having crack. 👌🏽
  2. @lbradshaw6817 [3 likes]: The NRL is a different beast altogether but good luck to TJ.
  3. @samfualau1102 [1 likes]: Roger for tj ??
  4. @Doggsbox [1 likes]: James Parsons talking shot again!
  5. @masiTzz [1 likes]: He’d put a few forwards on their ass for sure Hahahaha
  6. @apolomauai7890: Halfback Smith is the best halfback of All-blacks team since the beginning.
  7. @PoosinP: It’s funny that he says it should be easier to go from Union to League and what he is saying makes sense, but all of the best code switches have been from league to union.
  8. @markarnold2257: No
  9. @Soleuxe74: He will be a good fit in dummy half and yea a team that is sought to need help and a leader a guy who can talk to the boys on field both on offence and defense then tj is tour man 
Roger tuivasa has had rugby experience but it will be interesting to see him back in a rugby uniform
  10. @kennethbarrington5773: That’s what I hate about us Aussie’s 
Why can’t we just appreciate both games??
  11. @julianalderson6996: Yes think hed do it fast" not sure roosters need em few other sides more. Thanks
  12. @camwells9726: The test may be , if it doesn’t click straight away , and he has to spend a long while learning his new craft in the seconds , and whether he loses interest playing in that environment

- Catholic priests receiving JobKeeper asked to donate almost half back to the church | ABC News: Kind: captions Language: en the covert 19 shutdowns meant a plunge in collection plate takings so this Catholic Diocese has turned to job keeper to make up the difference well it's clearly totally contrary to the spirit of the scheme in April priests got a letter telling them the diocese was applying for job keeper but it wanted them to save half of the $1,500 a fortnight payment and then forego remuneration for six months after the scheme ends this will help the diocese build up its cash reserves the next month it backflipped saying that plan was not in the spirit of Job Keeper instead priests were asked to make a voluntary contribution of five hundred to seven hundred dollars back to the church labor law experts say employers can't force staff to hand back job keeper money and while it's currently not illegal to do so they believe asking priests to make voluntary donations back to their diocese shouldn't be allowed either I can't see what possible fair justification there could be if they're concerned enough about the well-being of the people in the religious orders that they include them in job keeper and pressure the government to do so they should let those people keep that money the Parramatta diocese declined to comment saying it doesn't trust the ABC to report on the issue fairly Catholic priests are only eligible for job keeper because the church and other religious institutions lobbied the government to extend job keeper to religious practitioners who aren't normally seen as employees the OBC has spoken to priests around the country who are receiving job keeper but the church won't say exactly how many priests are on the scheme and how many more have been asked to donate money back to the church I think it's fair they weren't compelling the priest to do it some parishes in Corrections wouldn't treat a church mirth hardly the government says it's not its job to tell any Australian how to spend their income putting faith in job keeper recipients to make sure the money ends up where it's needed most Pat McGrath ABC News you

- How to PROPERLY Squat for Growth (4 Easy Steps): Kind: captions Language: en squats are the king of poorly performed exercises do them wrong and instead of growing nice quads and glutes you'll feel aches and pains in your knees your hips and even your shoulders but follow these four easy steps and I guarantee your squats will feel better and grow your muscles far better than they ever have before step one setup your Anatomy will determine what your perfect squat looks like so it's important to find the right setup for you and your body before you even get under the bar let's start with your footsteps hold the light weight at your chest set your feet hip width apart and squat down see how that feels and make note of how low you should get then widen it by an inch or two and compare even the slightest modification can make a world of difference for knee and hip pain so keep going until you find what feels best and enables you to squat the lowest as for your foot angle most people's joints will feel better with their toes pointed out slightly so don't force yourself to keep them straight and The Wider The Stance you use the more your toes will have to turn out once you've found the right stance hello there it's time to grab the bar set your feet under the bar bend your knees to get under it and then place the bar on your upper back but avoid placing it too high on the little bony bump at the base of your neck it should be placed right onto the meat of your traps next grip the bar with your hands as narrow as you can without feeling pain in your wrists shoulders or elbows the narrower they are the more upper back tightness and stability you'll have when you squat but if you have really tight shoulders or chest muscles you may have to widen this once you grab the bar Walk It Out by extending your legs to lift it out of the rack and then taking three careful steps take a little step back with one foot a little step back with your second foot and then use the third step to widen or adjust your feet to your ideal squat stance lastly to keep you balanced as you squat spread your weight evenly over your foot by making sure each foot has three solid points of contact with the ground your big toe your pinky toe and your heel you're now ready for step two creating whole body tension now at this point you do not want to just squat down you need to First activate several key muscles that will protect your back and keep you strong as you squat down failure to do this is why so many people have a really strong leg press but I have a much weaker and unstable squat what start with the lower body screw your feet into the ground as if you were trying to touch your heels together then level your pelvis with the floor by tilting it back as if it was a bowl of water and you were trying to prevent it from spilling once adjusted lock this in by squeezing your inner thighs glutes and quads for the upper body avoid pointing your elbows back and losing tightness in your upper back instead pull your elbows forward under the bar and pull the bar down into your media upper traps as if you're trying to bend the bar in half this helps activate your lats and keeps your upper back stable finally take a deep 360 breath into your waist as if you're trying to expand all sides of a weight belt and then brace your core as if you just coughed really hard at this point you should feel your legs core and lats all working you're ready for step three The Descent pull yourself down into the squat using your hamstrings let your butt drop down between your heels and push your knees out in the same direction as your toes keep your upper back tight by pulling the bar down and continue lowering as deep as you comfortably can as for how deep you should go a 2019 study assigned one group of subjects to half squats and another group to deep squats twice a week for 10 weeks although both groups had similar growth in the quads the glutes and abductors grew significantly more in the Deep squat group so your goal should be to squat down to at least somewhere close to parallel if you use a narrower stance you should be able to get a little bit deeper if you use a wider stance it'll be closer to parallel but if towards the bottom of your squat your upper body falls forward or your heels come off the ground or your lower back rounds excessively into Butt Wink these are all signs that you're not yet ready to go that deep and there's two main reasons for this the most common reason is the limited ankle mobility in this case try elevating your heels onto weight plates and see if that helps the other reason is a weak core and glutes in this case you can try out a more stable exercise like Smith machine squats before progressing to the barbell but once you can get deep enough you may notice that your knees end up over your toes this is commonly believed to be harmful on the knees one study tested this by using a wooden barrier to prevent the knees from going over the toes while there was a bit less pressure on the knees when compared to letting them travel over the toes the stress on the hips and lower back significantly increased so as long as your knees don't cave in or out and instead push out in the same direction as your toes letting your knees go over your toes is perfectly fine now once you reach that bottom position do not just let gravity drop you into that last introduce research suggests this is the most important part of the movement for growth so force your muscles to work by controlling the weight down and pausing at that bottom position for half a second before moving on to step four the ascent but first just keep in mind that everyone's bodies are different to maximize growth and prevent injury it's important that you find the right exercises and the right form for your individual structure and for step-by-step plan that takes care of all the guesswork for you after this video just head on over to builtwithscience.com and take our free analysis quiz to find the best program for you and your body but for now let's move on to step four the ascent the most common mistake people make here is shooting their hips back and letting their upper body fall forward this puts a lot of pressure on the lower back we want the chest and hips to rise at the same rate to do this drive up out of the Bottom by pushing the floor away and thinking about driving your traps up against the bar keep your glutes engaged by keeping your knees in line with your toes rather than keeping them in continue pushing down against the floor and getting tall until your legs are fully extended but as you come to the top avoid letting out a big exhale instead we want to maximize the pressure in your abdomen to protect your back and you can do this by keeping your lips held tighter together as you breathe out to gradually let air out once you've let all the air out take another deep 360 breath in brace and repeat for another rep congrats my friend you have just done the perfect squat you can give this video a watch next to learn how to properly deadlift without hurting your back and I'll see you next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @JeremyEthier [200 likes]: Hope you enjoyed this one! Don't forget to give this video a watch next to lear how to properly DEADLIFT for growth: https://youtu.be/XxWcirHIwVo . Can you guess what exercise we're covering next? ;) Stay tuned!
  2. @tbird12yt [2 likes]: 1:55 Oh, thanks, I was taking 4 steps and totally ruined everything.
  3. @saqibhabib5576 [1 likes]: I have been searching for squat tutorials for last couple of days.After checking multiple videos I came across this one.I will say this one is Oscar deserving.👍
  4. @darkmatter5424 [1 likes]: I love you. I mean I love this content. 😅
  5. @Nirmal_Chandra [1 likes]: This is THE BEST tutorial on squatting, period 👍 Squats are difficult, but no other exercise is as rewarding or satiating 🙂 At 55, after approx 9 years of serious & consistent weight training, I'm still learning to squat & loving the discovery journey 🙂
  6. @calebedstrom9852: Thank you! Jesus loves you
  7. @CoffeeBrew-f9v: This is gold
  8. @gogagundakchyan: Leg day is the one thing I always avoid because I’m too careful with my back, especially with squats. But watching lifts like this makes me realize I need to stop skipping and just build up slowly with proper form.
  9. @Daisyminus21: Thank you!! This is helpful ❤
  10. @HarmanHundal01: ### Summary of the 4 Steps

1.  Setup (0:20 - 2:13):
•	Foot Stance: Experiment with width and angle to find what feels best for your joints and allows for maximum depth (0:29). The wider the stance, the more toes will need to turn out (1:02). 
•	Bar Placement: Position the bar on the meaty part of your traps, not your neck (1:08). Place feet under the bar, half-squat to get under it (1:11). 
The narrower you hold the bar i.e the closer your hands are to your torso the more the stability under you. If your chest or shoulder muscles are really tight then hold it wider.
•	Grip & Walkout: Grip as narrowly as comfortable for stability (1:24), take three steps back, and balance weight across your foot (three points of contact: big toe, pinky toe, heel) (2:01). 

2.  Whole Body Tension (2:13 - 3:28):
•	Lower Body: "Screw" your feet into the floor as if trying to touch heels together, level the pelvis, and brace glutes and quads (2:33). 
•	Upper Body: Pull elbows forward and pull the bar down to activate lats and create back stability (2:55). 
•	Core: Take a deep 360-degree breath into your waist and brace hard (3:12). 

3.  Descent (3:28 - 6:08):
•	Execution: Pull yourself down using hamstrings, let your butt drop down between heels, and push knees out in the same direction as toes (3:31). 
•	Depth: Aim for at least parallel, or deeper if mobility allows (3:49). If you experience "butt wink" or heels lifting, improve ankle mobility (use heel elevation) or strengthen the core/glutes (4:28).  If you use a narrower stance you will be able to go deeper. If you use a woder stance you'd remain a little parellal.
•	Knees & Control: Let knees travel over toes if necessary, but do not let them cave in (4:54). Control the descent and pause for half a second at the bottom for maximum growth (5:27). 
Pause at the bottom for half a second. This is very important.

4.  Ascent (6:08 - 7:16):
•	Drive: Push the floor away and drive your traps up against the bar (6:23). 
•	Technique: Keep the chest and hips rising together and keep glutes engaged (6:12). 
•	Breathing: Gradually exhale through tight lips to maintain abdominal pressure and protect your back (6:44).
  11. @JamesVestal-dz5qm: These videos are very scientific!
  12. @Dante_Namikaze: This is the best instructions on lifting. Everyone else neglect to tell you the serious injury of lifting wrong.
  13. @LifeLongStrong1961: I'm 64, squat four plates, and while the graphics are impressive, I'd say maybe half of this is useful.  Mostly seems like cheesecake.  I mean who squats without a shirt, and how does that help explain anything.
  14. @AkbarSportScience: 1:59
  15. @yingzhu4383: My knees feel warm and even hot after doing squats, what is that a sign of?  Is my form bad or just too much weight? Thanks
  16. @One-Two-T: I can't tell if I have butt wink.
  17. @FlexCraftFitness: super
  18. @Dan-u4y3w: I saw a doctor on internet says the breath shoud not be held since it might couse the vains in the nouse or head get torned and we shoud inhale as we descend.
  19. @RADRaze2KX: I've never been able to do squats while keeping my heels on the ground. It's super frustrating.
  20. @russianlitnerd5265: Thankyou so much!!

- Experienced Springboks squad to face Australia: Kind: captions Language: en South Africa get the defense of their rugby championship crown underway this coming weekend against Australia and the Spring Box have never successfully defended this crown. Something that is a distant goal for Russy Rasmus and his team. However, it is the first game, the opener against the Wallabies where all the attention is now focused. Untraditionally, so Russy Rasmus announcing his team on a Monday, usually does it on a Tuesday. And the big surprise there being captain Sia Kesi starting at number eight. Even though previously the coaches said sea is a six and not an eight >> with having a guy like Peter Peter and Maru and Sia on the field. Um at the same time we really feel Australia is a big threat at the breakdown. They're really bite hard at the breakdown and both all three of those guys are really good uh guys who clean out at the breakdown and and we feel we're going to need that. Uh so yes, SI is probably going to pack six scrums and sometimes on defense he might be at flank and Marco might be at eight. So um D is happy with the way he's scrumming. So it's actually just scrumming where he's eight, you know, apart from that the guys will in general play on defense and attack. Uh so I know I said a couple of weeks ago see a six, not eight. Uh but we we we came to the conclusion that it it won't happen so much in the game where we actually need him at eight. So, and then we have Gua on the bench who can cover us there as well. >> Injuries to Demian Deender and Chzin Kby along with the kind of match that they're expecting from the Wallabies has informed coach Oasmus' selection for the match day squad in this rugby championship opener. Although he has left a little bit of room to potentially make a late change depending on what the Australian coach Joe Schmidt does during his team announcement. We we might if if they go 6-2, which we might have a if you look at their spread of their of their squad or or the balance of their squad, there's a lot of forwards in there that they brought on tour. If they go 6-2, we might change on Thursday, Friday, and bring a back into the mix. Uh but if they go standard 5-3, this would pretty much be our team. Uh so yeah that's just to get it out of the way and and focus on training and and tomorrow is a pretty heavy day for us and to fit in a press conference. We've changed our schedule a little bit. >> Mani Libra who previously has struggled with his kicking game is selected at a fly half and the backup kickers being Apalle Fasi as well as Damian Valimson. But this also leaves room for Andre Pollard and Sasha Famber and Gumazulu to make an appearance when South Africa take on Australia in the second consecutive test in Cape Town in a fortnight's time. >> Oh Sasha and will probably play in Cape Town. So we're trying to to spread the load a little bit there. Um yeah, and then not having a fly on a bench. We know Damian can can play fly for us. uh we've tend to find in the past, you know, uh the only time that we really swap a fly is maybe if he's if he's having an off day, but you know, it's or when he's missing goal kicks and and Mont's been really uh slotting them really well. I think the Neil Rhino balls might be a little bit of a difference there. He's really doing well there. Um and yeah, we felt we had to have a 13 cover with um uh Damian Duk Damian D Lindon covering 13 for us, but with him having a bit of a niggle, he'll be ready next week, we felt we'll have to have Kanan on the bench, you know, so it was between having Andre or Sasha on the bench or having Kanan on the bench because we don't have an out and out 13 cover, but we do have a 10 cover in Damian. South Africa are hunting their fifth consecutive victory over Australia. But if you have to look at South Africa against Australia at Ellis Park, you have to go back to 1963. That's the last time that the Walabes got the better of the Spring Box. The stage is set for a fantastic rugby championship opener this coming Saturday, kicking off at 10 5 in the afternoon. for news from Africa on channel 405.

- Giants UDFAs Could Change Everything | NFC East Power Rankings & Depth Chart: Kind: captions Language: en What's good, Big Blue family? Welcome to Big Blue Reborn, where we talk real New York Giants football. No fluff, no corporate takes, just honest breakdowns and real standards. I'm Milton. This is my cousin Ethan, and we're here for week number 11 for us. This is actually episode 11. So, we're moving. Is this episode 11 or 12? >> I think this is 12, actually. So, we're moving, man. But, but look, we're coming with that >> after the draft. What we're talking about right now, we're going to go over some undrafted free agents. You know, I'm just going to list the list of players. We didn't really do a deep dive into the uh the undrafted free agents. If they make the 53, we'll spend a little bit more time on these players. But I'm going to list these players and then we'll kind of chop it up and see um if we have any honorable mentions or anybody that we should definitely be looking into at before we go into. >> So, starting >> probably uh I was saying probably around like uh preeason before they do the cuts, you know, if they have some good games, then we'll probably go a little bit more in depth. >> You know what I'm saying? like you know some of the offensive players or or defensive players but you know we'll get to that breaking cross it. >> No I feel you. They got them first. >> Uh >> exactly >> as far as the players so we got two defensive tackles. One from Colorado, one from Wisconsin. We got Anquin Anquin Barnes and then Ben Barton. We got an offensive lineman from Eastern Michigan, Doji Deo Dehoi. I hope I'm pronouncing that right. Apologize if I'm butchering your name. Um, we got another offensive tackle from Cutstown, Ryan Schniki. Long staffer from Boston College, Ben Man. >> Yeah, >> we got a quarterback from North Carolina, Thaddius Dixon. Picked up a quarterback. He came from Temple. Um, Evan Simon. And then we got a kicker, uh, Dominic Zvada. Those are all the undrafted free agents that are listed that we have signed already out of that list. >> I mean, you have any honorable mentions? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Um, a couple, I think, uh, so I'll start off with running back Damen Benson. Um he's he's fast. He's a fast young man. Um uh he's he's not as tall, but he's uh he's pretty fast. Uh he's he's going if he makes the team his path to the team is probably just going to be uh kick return. You know what I'm saying? Um yeah, special teams value. So hopefully, you know, we see him in the preseason, he he if he takes one or two back, you know, then he'll he'll he could definitely get his spot on punt return or something like that because all we have now is uh Gunnar Gunner Ollosski. So, and then um the kicker uh Dominic Zavvada strong leg um he's, you know, has been solid for after 50 yards. So, you know, definitely it's it's usually wide open because every year there's probably somebody new who the kicker jobs you just honestly just got to kick well. You know what I'm saying? And we don't really have like too much competition, but any competition is good. And then um quarterback Thaddius Dixon, uh he has the the traits uh that you want in a corner. uh he's not too long but fast and physical. So, you know, hopefully he he has some special teams value and um you never know. That's that's really how a lot of these undrafted free agents make it. you know, you on kickoff, you get a fumble or, you know, you you block something and you you do that once or twice in the pre preseason games and, you know, that's a path to wake make the team and, you know, then you start getting people to know you a little bit more. So hopefully any of these guys and then uh >> last but not least, Anquin Barnes from a defensive tackle from Colorado. Um we usually do carry around four or five defensive tackles. So if he shows really good runs stopping ability. Um you know we've been signing a lot of defensive tackles recently. Um he you know we really just need someone to really take over that number one spot and yeah we have some people we signed some people but it's just like right now it's an open job. Dutch Lawrence is gone. So if you really stand out you can definitely make your name there. So, >> exactly. >> We'll see. He just Yep. He just got to exper He just got to beat out more experienced players. So, >> you know, the kicker >> kicker and defensive tackle. >> That's what you're doing it for. Shoot. Especially you come in as an undrafted free agent. You You're hungry. So, >> he really wants to play. He's going to try to beat out these old heads. So, let's see what happens, man. Let's see what happens. We need We need youth. There's not that many um you know, defensive tackles that not that many great defensive tackles that are leaving teams. So, if we can find a gem that's that >> can't go wrong with it. >> Exactly. And you know, these undrafted free agents, one of our favorites, Victor Cruz, um he made his name in the preseason against the Jets, that three touchdown game, and from there, you know, how many years later was he a Super Bowl champion? So, you know what I'm saying? Well, there's a way. >> Exactly. Exactly. So, I didn't say it earlier, but that was the Big Blue check-in. Big blue check-in. Sliding right along. We're going to slide into the Big Blue spotlight. So, so this week we're going to go over postdraft power rankings. We're going to for the NFC East, of course, postdraft power rankings. We're going to go over how we feel, you know, the division is shaken up. Now, I kind of did it a little different. I don't know how you broke it down, so we'll both we'll both go back and forth with it. Um, but as far as the the uh power rank is, what I did was I broke it down by the defense and then I broke it down by the offense. >> All right. So, I'mma list I'm I'mma give you from worst to best on the defense, >> worst to first, >> you know, and then I'mma do the same for the offense and then um then I'll ask you how you have it stacked up as well, and then we'll go from there. >> All right, cool. >> So, for the defense, right, >> at number four, I put the Commanders. For the defense, they they definitely needed some help last year. They did some work this season in the off season far as as far as getting rid of a lot of their veteran players. I mean, right now as far as postdraft, >> they have um what was the biggest thing they did for the free agency? They got Odaf, right? >> They picked probably their biggest sign for the free agency. But right now, Sunny Styles is probably their best player on their defense, >> right? So, that's a good thing. It's a good thing. Hey, they're excited. They got a fresh young freak athlete for a linebacker, but he's still a rookie. So, if he's going to be there to run the defense, there's going to be an uphill battle, you know, with him trying to you learn a lot of the nuances because again, Sunny Styles, um, great linebacker, like I said, great combine, but when you get to college, uh, when you get from college to the league, it's a new monster. It might take a little bit of, especially if you have to run the defense. You're the quarterback on that side, basically. So, we'll see what they can get out of him. Um, they didn't really make any other scary moves outside of that. They have Joshua Joseph's that they picked up. >> He's a good >> He's a good pass rusher, but he doesn't really do nothing for their run stopping, which is one of their big issues that they had last year. So, we'll kind of see how that pans out. I still think they have an uphill battle to go. So, that's why I put Washington at number four. Number three, >> the Cowboys. The Cowboys, they they were damn near the same as the the Commanders as far as their defense concerned. It wasn't good, man. They were putting up 30 40 points, but their defense was also giving up 30 40 points. So, it wasn't putting them in a good position for them to, you know, for them to kind of come out on top on those games, you know. Um, but this year they got a new defensive coordinator, so they already know like, hey, this is important. We can't have another year like that. >> Exactly. >> They signed Caleb DS. >> Nobody was happy about that, but they signed Caleb DS. Um, and he's going to be a great player for them. But again, >> same kind of situation as Washington. Caleb DS is now their best player on defense. Now, how do they work him into the defensive scheme and how do they get him to run the run the defense how he did in Ohio State? We'll see. That's yet to be known. But outside of that, that's really it. They got young, they got younger, >> but now will the youth kind of be their crib tonight cuz they don't have that many vets. So, we're going to see how that works for them. I put us at number two, the New York Giants at number two. Look, we got seven first rounders on our defense at this point. Like, we we got to start turning this [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] around, man. Like >> we cannot be in the top 10 every year and not have a defense that shows it. So we are picking defensive players. We're picking edge rushers. Damn it. Every year like we got the players. Now we just got to put the players in the right positions. >> You know, that's coaching. >> Dinar coaches. >> Dinar Wilson's got to be that that that factor that um you know pushes us over the hill. >> He's got a bunch of weapons to work with a lot more than he had in Tennessee. So we got to see what he can do. you know. Um so I'm hoping especially now with Arl Reese and Tmaine um heading up the center of the defense and then we got all of our edges. Man, it should it it should get crazy. >> And of course the Eagles at number one, they didn't really do much far as >> changing. Um they brought in Makuba, the safety. >> Other than that, the defense is pretty much the same, man. And their defense is nasty. So there's not much to be said about that. >> What about you? How did you how did you sack the defense? >> Uh well, defensively I'm I'm pretty much right word for word with you because uh I had Washington last. Um yeah, they spent a lot of money on defense in the off season. Odaf, Leo, Chanel. Um they got a couple of pieces, but uh nothing that truly stands out to me. you know, yeah, their passers might be a little bit different, but nothing that, you know, puts them over the top for me. And then for Dallas, um, yeah, Dallas, uh, they got a little bit better. They they really drafted defense, you know, but we'll see. Uh, cuz they, you know, they got Caleb DS and Malachi Lawrence, and even in the third round, they got Jan Bartum. So, they got a, you know, some edges. And even in the what the what the last the fourth round, they got a a defensive tackle from Alabama, uh, Overton. And so, you know, they they definitely put that effort into their defense. So, we'll see if, you know, it all pans out for them. Hopefully, Caleb DS is probably their worst player. You're right. But, uh, we'll see. Uh, and then, yeah, number two is us at the Giants. It's like, yeah, we got a lot of first round picks. Uh we'll be able to get off the um we able to be able to rush the passer. We did it last year. Um with the removal of Dexter Lawrence, uh insert whoever defensive tackle you want in there. Are we going to be able to stop the run? Are our linebackers going to be free to roam and be able to, you know, hit people in the back field? Uh we didn't do it too too well last year with Bobby L, but now with Tmaine Edmonds and you know Arbell Reese, uh is it really going to make a difference? And um uh what's his name? >> Bars. >> Micah McFaten. So you know he got he's coming back. So we'll see. And then you know the plethora of DBs that we got um Colton Hood and uh shoot >> just name it. uh Pulse and Adbo, uh Banks, uh >> yeah, just we we got a lot of DBs. Um they're all relatively young. Uh I just hope that, you know, they can all mesh. So, uh I just feel like that just puts us at second and then, you know, number one is the Eagles. Their defense has been solid for a couple of years. They just resigned players and um their two defensive tackles, Carter and uh Davis. It's like, you know, the cornerstone of their defense. That's what really makes their defense go. They can stop the run and get people into positions where it's just uncomfortable. You know, you can't run. I don't I don't know if you've seen that clip online where they were going against the Green Bay Packers. And I think it was uh Carter, he had called out the run on Josh Jacobs and he was like, "Oh, they're going to the left." And then Josh Jacobs like he called it right before the snap. Josh Jacob's like, "Oh, fuck." So, he just starts running. It was a tackle in the back field. So it was just like they got Yeah, it was they got smart defensive players. Yeah. >> So, you know, and we don't I think like once you have >> because most teams build their team to win the division. The Eagles are definitely w built defensively to to beat almost everybody in the division. Hopefully not us, but we'll see, you know. So, >> I already know it now. They about to get stuffed up. >> Exactly. So, yeah, hopefully he'll be calling stuff out and uh but you know, that's a good segue into the offense. Who do you how did you break the offense? >> Yes, sir. Yes, sir. So, moving into the offense, right? So, it's unfortunately number four again, Washington Commanders. >> Um, they just didn't have a lot to show for it last season and they haven't really made major moves as far as acquiring new talent. They did get a new offensive coordinator, David Blow. So hopefully he's able to, you know, mesh with JD5 and get him uh functioning again. Main thing you got to keep him on his feet, keep him healthy. Um but they got one receiver, man. They got scary Terry. Who else is on their team? Like they they're trying to sign Brandon Aayuk, but none of that is, you know, is definite. >> So as of right now with them just having Terry on the team, like >> you're looking real one-dimensional and you don't really have that running backs and things. Well, actually, they got they just signed a couple of running backs like we just said, but >> yeah, and the tight end um from uh the Titans. Uh >> I will butcher his name. >> So, he's he's a fast tight end, so hopefully that could help him, but that I that still doesn't put them over the top for me. So, >> yeah, it's it's unfortunate. Just not enough moves. Um and their their their offense needs to stay healthy. So, it's all around all revolving around, you know, Jaden Daniels health and what he can do with the offense with the new offensive coordinator. >> So, with so many questions, they're at number four. >> Um, for offense, number three, that's where I slotted us in. The reason why I put us at three is because not because I don't believe in our offense and not because I don't believe in hard ball, but because of the other two teams in the division. I just think they're stacked better than we are right now. We don't know what our starting receiver is going into this season. We know Jackson Dart is going into his sophomore junk. I'm not going to say slump. I'm saying the sophomore junk. There we go. I like that. >> Our line, you know, we got Maui, Noah, which is great. But I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that I'm confident with all five. We still don't know who's going to be the the solid five. We know we have our bookends, Andrew Thomas and Illumin. We know we're putting Mal Noah at the starting right guard, but left guard, >> is it going to be Renan? Um, are we competing? We got JMS right here as well. Is he going to have a is he going to have a jump or is he going to have a step back in a year? So, it's the line is still shaky for us. >> And then we got Cam Scataboo coming back from the injury. >> Malik Neighbors on the draft. His knee is still swollen as hell, >> you know, and he wasn't moving very limble either, you know. He was he was looking real stiff when he stood up when uh when they picked Caleb DS, you know, that little 360. >> Yeah. >> I can see how stiff he was moving. So, it's just we have a lot of question marks that we need to answer prior to us moving anywhere further than the third spot for the division as far as the offense is concerned right now. >> Okay. >> Number two, I'll put the Eagles. Um, them losing AJ Brown, even though they don't see it as major, I think is going to be detrimental because they need somebody that could take the top off. And, uh, look, they took they picked up Mai Lemon. Lemon's going to be great, but he's also like Lemon's more of a gadget slot receiver. He's going to be those >> short intermediate outs, slants, and even like some screens and things like that, which may be beneficial for Jaylen Herz, but >> I think they don't have that take the top off anymore. If you're only worried about Devonte Smith, they that's covered. You know, teams are going to make sure that's covered. So, it's going to be difficult for them, but again, as far as their offense is concerned, they still got a Saquon and they still got a good offensive line. >> So, as far as them having running backs and and and an offensive line that wants to block, they're still dangerous. >> Um, new offensive coordinator, so we got to see how he meshes with um >> with Jaylen Herz, but >> as far as the team is concerned, their offense is still a powerhouse with the with the rushing game. And then last but not least, the Cowboys at number one, man. I hate to say it, man. I can't stand the Cowboys, but look, their offense be booming and they haven't lost any because they've just gained and I thought we were going to have a whole debacle with the George Pickins, but he signed the franchise tag faster than I thought he was going to sign. >> So, >> yeah. No, that's a lot of money to be sitting on the table. >> No, no, no. Definitely, definitely. Definitely. So, so I mean, I get it. Look, he's young. He's going to play. He's going to ball out. And I guarantee you he has another season like he did last year. He's gonna be up there with the Jamar Chase, you know, Justin Jefferson uh contracts. Those numbers will be up there. So I Dak Prescott plays well. They haven't lost many linemen. They have CD Lamb and and pickings coming back. They have um what's it? What's the running back? Williams. Like they just p they just signed. >> Yeah. Uh who is the running back um that they just signed? Was it >> I know they Williams from last year. That running back that they had last year, >> Javvante Williams. Yeah. And then um >> uh there was another guy that came. I'm looking for him now. Let's see. >> I I know their offense is still equipped to still put up, you know, 30 to 30, >> right? Yeah. Javvante Williams is a a solid back who will get you those first downs. And it's not like he's a u a first class sprinter, but you know, he's the grind it out, get those yards, and keep the chains moving. So, definitely is something they need to stay on schedule. >> And he keeps grinding. How you feel about the offense? What you think? >> So, um I was thinking about it like, you know, and on offense. Yeah, fourth is for me is definitely going to be Washington. Um they didn't really do too much to address uh their offense in my opinion. Yeah, maybe the best offensive player that they got was the tight end. Okeu I'm about to say Banu. Um but that's probably it. Um they did pick up a player that I did like in the draft. um Kron Allen and uh their running back um from last year. Uh >> what's his name? Young man. He was good. Uh >> oh, Bill. >> Jacobe Marett. >> Oh, >> yeah. Exactly. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> Yeah. So, Kron Allen and Jacobe Marett, those those are two running backs that I like. And you know, if they got with JD5, if he's good and you know, with his running ability, if you're worried about them running so much, you know, they may not need to have the best wide receivers. Um cuz they're going to be wide open. They're going to be getting one-on-one coverages because you're going to be so focused on the run. And, you know, that could probably propel their offense to, you know, a good standard. But until until we know more about um JD FOD's health, you know, they're going to be fourth. Um yeah, and then you know the Giants. The Giants is third as well for me. Um pretty much my my list is going to be similar to yours. It's just because >> our offense um our number one receiver we don't know yet. Our number one back right now as is injury we don't know yet. our offensive line, I think, is is solid, you know, but until until uh until we are all together as a co cohesive unit, then I'm not sure. But, you know, the one thing about our team I like is our tight ends with Isaiah likely and um Theo Johnson. I think everybody's forgetting about Theo Johnson with Likely being here. So, I I think Theo is going to have a a solid year as far as touchdowns where Isaiah might have likely might have more touches, but we'll see. And then even our receiver room, you know, we got a quite a few receivers. Even us picking up um Malachi Fields, you know, that's going to be good for I I think Dart's development having a a big body receiver to uh just get contested third downs, whether it's third and six or third and eight, you know, if he could just throw throw a curl route and just grab it, go up and grab it, come down with it. So, >> absolutely. Y >> but that that puts us at third because uh we got to see if Jackson Dart does have that second year leap. Um, second, um, I wouldn't say the Eagles. Uh, AJ Brown isn't gone yet, but you know, once he does leave, I think he's going to go to the Patriots. Uh, that puts, uh, Smith on the outside and Malachi Lemon in the slot. Uh, and then whoever else you want on the outside over there. But, you know, with that offensive line, Lane Johnson, uh, they their line's just solid. and um Saquon Barkley. Um yeah, but I mean the thing is it's it's Jaylen Herz, you know, uh we've seen him throw. Uh he's better in my opinion, he's better at running. Not saying that he's a horrible quarterback. He's a Super Bowl winning quarterback. Uh but, you know, he works well when his team is uh doing well. It just he's it's just in my opinion, maybe other Eagles fans will say, "Yeah, he puts the team on their back." But >> yeah, >> I I I I have yet to see it, you know, I've only seen like him just win because of of the team, not him winning despite of the team. So, >> you know, and then then it's Dallas, you >> those two wide receivers, you know, um Dak Prescott does well in the uh the during the the season, >> you know, is is going to be hard. You double CD, then Pickkins is wide open. double uh pickings and then sees wide open. Um tight end Ferguson uh running back Javvante Williams offensive line, you know, the um they didn't really do too much uh drafting on the offensive line, but you know, that's um they they definitely did get one from all um Penn State, but >> offensive line's always solid. So, >> I think that was the only line >> pass blocking is always good for them. So, we'll see if uh you know, they just keep continuing it. Uh you I just think Dallas um the run game is never like this the forefront of it because Dak Prescott makes so much money so they force him to throw. So, we'll see. But >> whenever whenever he has >> CD coming back and >> whenever Dak has a good running back like a decent running back that can get him, you know, some some yards in the back field and take some relief off of him like Dak has great years >> right the season, but he has great great years when he has a running back that can take off that uh take off that stress. >> Yeah. They say a quarterback's best friend is a good run game. So >> yeah. >> And uh Yeah. So that's that's my offensive. I know it's exactly as yours, but hey, that just means great minds think alike. >> Yes, >> that just means great minds think alike. >> Pretty pretty much with that with that being said, that pretty much wraps it with power rankings putting Washington at fourth for the division, us at third, >> Dallas at second, and the Eagles still number one in the division. Now again, everything we just went over, that's all on paper, man. And uh me coming from a Giants fans perspective and going with the, you know, that hard ball Kool-Aid we've been sipping on, let me tell you something. We about to get in these other teams asses. Pause. But about to go off, bro. I'm telling you right now, our defense is about to be crazy. And I think like >> once we solidify whoever the other defensive tackle is going to be in that tangent and then we can get into training camp and start working, they better be ready. I I got something for you. So, uh I think some hidden gems for for us. I think we could probably we should if everything goes well, we should lead the lead league in sacks with Brian Burns and Carter. Carter, I don't know when you when you seen um Arville Reese and Carter meet for the first time, they dapping each other up. Like Carter looks so much bigger than he did last year, you know. So it's just like these guys are still under 24. Let them get, you know, get some NFL reps and weight room, you know, in programs and you know, they're already fast. So I I just think that we could definitely lead the league in sacks. >> And with you saying that, right, that made me think about it like when he met Abdul Carter, right? You said Abdul was bigger than he was last year, right? >> Tell me why Arllo at 20 still towering over. >> He's still >> Yeah, because he's taller, >> bro. >> He's not a small kid, man. >> Looks stocky, bro. So, you give him a full season, it's going to be a issue, bro. >> It's going to be good. By the time they both hit 24, 25 and they had like two to three years of NFL weight room and you know nutrition and meal plans and all that stuff to wash now. Now now they picking up on tendencies and they could just play free goodness. >> Yeah. When you stop thinking >> Yeah. And definitely with uh you know uh Brian Burns, you know, just explaining certain things with him, how he does things, how he was able to get, you know, 16 seven 16 sacks last season, I think it was, you know, his best season statistically from a sack perspective. Um I think, you know, we could really lead the league in sacks as far as with our edges and you know, and then the dark horse, no one's even talking about him. Kavon Tibido like with everybody talking about all these other players, Tavon's going to get a lot of one-on- ons, >> you know what I'm saying? >> He's he's got to feast. He's got a feast. So, that's why it's you know, I think we can definitely uh lead the league in sacks. >> So, hopefully that, you know, I wonder if that's something I could >> if we get any DraftKings sponsors or FanDuel sponsors, put that put that put a little ticket on that. I was hoping that um >> I was hoping that um the hell was I about to say? >> Damn, I lost my train of thought. >> What? >> Oh, yeah. No, no, no. >> I was hoping I was hoping that um Kayon didn't get traded. I was saying that before, then when when the conversation started getting beat around him getting traded, I was like, damn, it's inevitable. You know, especially we picked up a linebacker like get traded. But I'm really happy that he's still on the roster and they didn't shop him. Um because I do think that he's going to be that that link that's going to facilitate >> Dinaro Wilson being able to make this work. So it's going to be interesting in a while. Okay. >> And with that being said, >> I mean, >> go ahead. Go ahead. >> I was about to say just just the rotation just the rotation, but you know, I think we can definitely lead the league just going back to that leading the league in sacks. So, >> yeah, we gota we got to do it. That's how it starts. >> Um, with that being said, we're going to slide right into the standard. We're changing it up a little bit, but the big blue standard. Um, um, I'll be completely honest with you, man. The standard this week. Now, we're going to go over the death chart. It's not legit because this ain't the 53, but this is basically everybody that is on the team right now. So, we're just going to go over the updated depth chart postdraft, right? So, I'm just going to list I'm going to go through the position groups and I'm going to list their names and then we'll have a quick conversation. We won't spend too much time just because we are going through the whole team, >> but we'll quickly go through the position groups um and then we'll we'll go from there. Right. So, starting with the the quarterbacks, of course, most important space. Got to make sure we keep our goat alive, right? >> Jackson Dart, >> James Winston, um Brandon Allen, and then we got the undrafted uh free agent Simon. E Simon. Look, I'm hoping none of those other people see the film. I know, right? Oie Jackson D. You know what? I said this a while ago. The only quarterback I want seeing the field is Sheamus Winston. And you know why? >> Because I want us to be whipping so much ass >> that he's in the fourth quarter and Jackson Dart gets a breather. He gets to put on film. He even throws a a touchdown or two. That's the only quarterback I want to see out there. I like it just because Jackson Dart threw three touchdowns in the first half and and Tracy ran for one and we got a pick and then the scores out, you know, we just blowing him out the water. So James W is the only other quarterback I want to see out on the field. >> Yeah. Okay, I got you. That's a good That's a good reason to see him because I I thought it was going to be about like some injuries or something like Nah, no injuries. >> Oh no, not this year. >> Moving to the halfbacks. the halfbacks. We got Cam Scatteraboo, Tyrone Tracy, Devin Sigletary, Eric Gray coming off the injury, >> uh Dante Turbo Miller, and then we got the undrafted free agent that you called out earlier, uh Bankston. >> So, those are the those are the halfbacks that we got. And then we got our fullback, Patrick Lard. So, as far as the the running back room, like if if Cam can come back healthy, I think we're good. >> I don't think I don't think all of them are going to make the the the 53. Like, I think it's really up for grabs that third spot. >> Yeah. Oh, the third spot we got um the vet, what's his name? Um you just said it. Uh >> Bankston Miller or Gray. >> No, no, no, no. Uh the other guy, >> Singleary. >> Singleary. There you go. I don't know. I was about to say Singleton. >> Because of Washington, but Singleary, I like I like us bringing him back because people are like, "Oh, yeah. Why bring him back?" He's probably the best blocking back that we have. M >> and you know and that's so important for just just a quarterback to have a running back right there that can slide. You know, let's say one game they they doing crazy stunts and all this stuff and he just goes to the right plays and makes that block. Not saying that Kim um Cam Kazoo can't do that or Tracy, but I just from what I've seen, he's probably the best one out of the three. So, it's good to have him there. and then even short yardage just to give because the thing is in this NFL >> it's it's got to be a a running back by committee. So I mean he's not too old. I think he's like 28 29. So but >> that's what I was >> hopefully he uh >> I was just about to ask you do you think what are his age right >> these younger backs beat him out just because of the youth? Well, the thing is they might, but when you have that blocking ability that keeps you around a lot longer because you know you you're making sure your quarterback doesn't get killed. These guys might be better at just being youthful and running the ball, but you know, and to build winning teams, you need a running back that can block. Yeah, he may not be the fastest, but if he can, you know, be effective on a a short yardage when, knock on wood, if somebody's hurt or hasn't come back to 100%, then, you know, having singleary there is is is is good for our team. >> I got you. >> Especially with Patrick Ricard leading the way. >> Yeah. Yep. All right, here we go. The most questionable room that we got on the teams, our wide receiver room, wide receiver room. So, we got Malik Neighbors. Um, >> don't know when he's going to come back healthy, but look, yes, we're hoping that we can get him back to 100% before the season is over. >> We got Darnell Oi, >> Darius Sllayton, >> Malachi Fields, Calvin Austin, Gunnar Olfeski, whatever his name is, >> Isaiah Hajins. Jaylen. Oh yeah. Hold up. Hide still on the roster. Golly, they are this man, >> you know. Um, Gibson, uh, Collins, Miller, and Camry. These are all like >> I remember all of them from from from many, uh, OTAAS last year. Those last names going crazy bodies. >> So, these are these those are like the practice squad receivers and things like >> We got a bunch of bodies over there. Um, I'm I'm hoping that Look, I'm not going to lie to you. I look at this list right now and I'm telling you right now Odell is definitely better than from Ofki. Damn >> olesky. He's a He's a kick returner. He's special teams only. >> I rest my case. So that puts him at one, two, three, four, five. Puts him at five. Like out of this long list, I think. >> You know what's funny? And you had a 100 yard game last year. >> That's true. He did have one. >> But you remember how you said >> you remember how you said I don't want Odell unless there's an injury, >> right? >> Sllayton's already going into surgery and we already know Malik for week one. >> What we talking about right now, >> y'all? I mean, >> we ain't even start OTAAS. We already got the top two receivers can't do [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] like >> right I mean >> I seen um I seen from the Giants website um Darno Moody was catching passes from uh Jackson Dart. So you know I think Darnell Mooney will be good if um if Slayton's not ready to go. You know we're still paying him a lot of money. he's got to play this season. >> But Darnell Mooney is the one that uh >> is going to be the guy for me out of all these groups. You know, obviously Malik Neighbors is number one. >> You know, Sllayton should be a solid number two. But when it comes to it, if Mooney has to take that number two spot, I think uh he he'll be able to do that effectively. He's not too old himself. Uh Calvin Austin's more just like run the the the streak and just clear everybody out. And if you got one on one, we'll probably give you the ball once or twice, you know what I'm saying? Every so often, you know, and hopefully Jackson Dart is better, you know, with his deep passing this year, putting on some weight and strength and stuff like that. But, uh, Darno Moody, man, because if we running the ball, man, and we're they're getting they're playing man or they're bringing the the safety down and playing one, bro, Moody should be cooking people. So, >> that's what I want to see. >> I hope so. I hope so, man. And and again, it's all a matter of like what kind of offense, you know, Naggie kind of concocts and things of that nature. But most likely bringing me to my next group people, I think this group is going to be used a lot more than we are that we've been really talking about to be completely honest. And it's the tight ends. >> So we got Isaiah, of course, >> we got Theo Johnson, Chris Man Herz, Thomas Fedoni, and then uh Connor. >> Right. >> Okay. So, as far as our tight ends, man, I think likely and Theo are going to get a lot more work than a a lot of the bottom half of those receivers that I spoke of. >> I think I think a lot of the receptions that that that our slots were getting last year are going to be given to the big boys now. >> So, we're gonna see we're going to see. Again, it's all a matter of how they're going to run this offense. We got a bunch of minds in the room and honestly, I don't know what to expect as far as the offense is concerned. >> Yeah. I mean, as far as the tight ends go, like with Greg Roman and how he's going to construct the run game, I like that we brought back Chris Manhurz, you know, he's primarily a blocking tight end, but the man is strong. He's a big man. He his hands is like the size of a freaking poster. So, like him being there and hopefully, you know, Theo with another year in the weight room gets stronger. We already know that Isaiah likely is a good movement blocker. you know, we doing more tosses and pin and pull and stuff like that where, you know, we can get Tracy out in space. Yeah. >> Um and then maybe who knows, one of those undraft the undrafted running backs. >> Uh well, Turbo Miller or uh what was it? Bankston, you know, one of those speedy guys get some reps in there, you know, just because let's say um Cam Scataboo's not 100% or something like that. Get some of those speedy guys in in space. You never know what could happen and how our offense can change. Uh, as far as the run game though, you know, I'm just happy. That brings me back to uh the tight ends. Uh, we just got some solid blocking tight ends in space. You know, allow our run game to do well. But the receiving ability is probably what most people are happy about. >> Yeah. I mean, shoot, I know Isaiah likely can catch. Um, Theo Johnson, I've been seeing I've been seeing a few of his like workout videos and he's getting his footwork right. I mean, he's catching in those videos. Let's hope >> it correlates to something on the field this year. >> But since we were just talking about these these big guys blocking, man, the most important piece of the offense, the last piece, this offensive line is probably the most questionable section. >> okay, >> just going from left to right, right? So, we got left tackle, >> Andrew Thomas, JC Davis, and then Joshua Zudu, left guard. John Renan, Stenny, and Cubas. The center, we got JMS coming back. Uh Patrick, and then Hudson, right guard. We got our boy CC Malinoa, Fle, and Evan Neil. With Cece up front, it don't sound that bad no more. I know, right? He said Francis >> right tackle. Um, we got Illuminar, we got Embo, and then um Hol uh what's his name? Holston. >> Yeah, I believe so. Yeah, Holston. That's how you pronounce that. >> And then there was one more guy that I think it was the UN the um rookie that we picked up, >> Ryan. Heni Sherki or something like that >> with a D. I I can't I I must have must have been getting tired when I was writing these notes because I can't I cannot in my life. >> It's okay. He's undrafted. >> It's just >> uh it's just another camp body cuz we it seemed like >> we we're drafting more. Um, I think out of all those people, uh, I want to see Mc uh, Embo, Marcus McBo, because, uh, Andrew Thomas usually in the past couple years, he hasn't really finished out this season. You know, hopefully he he could finish out he could um start off good and, you know, healthy for a long time. But at this point in his career, we haven't had him for a full season. So, I wouldn't count on him being all ye here all year. Knock on wood. So if McBo and Mbo is, you know, playing well and he can slide into there or if we ever need to do any line shifting, put Luminar on the left side and Bo on the right tackle this way, Maui Noah can stay at right guard or, you know, whoever, you know, knock on what because the thing is with these offensive linements, they always get these injuries. So I just want, you know, even if Filele has to come in, hopefully we never see Evan Neil play another snap, you know, and if he does, it's only for practice team. He comes in on one of those like heavy sets just at the goal line just to push everybody in. You know what I'm saying? So, but you know, I I just hopefully our swing tackle can um can definitely do well in the pre uh preeason. And this way we feel comfortable if anybody gets hurt that our backups can come in and and >> not necessarily give us the same kind of protection but don't mess stuff up. You know what I'm saying? Where it's instant pressure. You know what I'm saying? >> It's not like a drastic drop off. >> Exactly. Like Yeah. Then you're not going to get 4 seconds of blocking. You might get three seconds. But >> you know, I think ultimately, man, like looking at it, it's not the greatest, but I think Harbaugh did a good job of the way he he put put things together so far. Again, we got to get into camp and everybody's got to work, but I think um as far as this line that he put together, like I can I can go into September knowing that we'll be able to start the game and not have to worry about Jackson D going to be on the floor, >> you know, 60% of the game. So, >> right, we're working in the right direction. >> I know. I just I just thought of a question I wanted to ask you. What do you think we'll be better at, run blocking or pass blocking with this offensive line? Cuz, you know, we got we got we got uh Ricard, we got all these tight ends, you know, it's just the offensive line themselves. In my opinion, >> go ahead. I think I think we're going to be better at run blocking. >> Oh, really? Okay. Okay. Yeah, that's that's different. You know, I >> it's I feel like it's easier for them to push somebody than it is to take those steps back >> and kind of navigate and and and and figure out what they need to do, especially in different sets when they have to >> like again, I've never been a lineman, so I can't tell you how difficult it is, but I know for a fact it ain't easy. >> Yeah. But I just feel like >> it's easier for them to get their hands on somebody and push them >> than it is to stop and try to prepare for the move from a lot of these defensive. >> So I think >> for for for the big bodies that he's put up front now and getting like CC watching how aggressive he is. Um JMS, he's he wasn't the greatest pass protector, but I think he he can get busy with somebody else next to him and and start blocking down downfield. So >> get those combo blocks going to the linebackers. >> I think uh I think we were good. we were okay at uh pass blocking even though we were one of the top five uh rushing teams last year but I think even this year with Maui Noah um our our past our pass blocking is going to be even better uh you know with the concepts that we have whether the ball's just we're pass blocking better because the ball's coming out faster or they're thinking about the run you know what I'm saying more play actions and stuff like that so you know that'll give Jackson Dart some more time he doesn't have to feel like he has to do so much hero ball so I I think our pass blocker is going to be better. So, I'm happy. I'm I'm okay with the state of the offensive line. >> Okay. I like it. >> I like it. We're going to see, man. We going to see. I'm excited, man. I'm excited to see what they produce when they when they all get together, man. >> Um, let's go over to the defense. Um, we'll slide through the defense real quick. So, we got the defense, our defensive ends, Roy Robertson Harris and Elijah Chapman. We got our nose tackles. Elaki Fu, I think I say his name. I don't know, man. We got We got a lot. >> Yeah, that's better than I would have said. >> But behind him, we got our Bobby Jameson Travis, the the rookie that we just signed, uh, Roberts, and then Barnes Jr. And then for defensive tackle, Shelby Harris, we just picked up, Darius Alexander. Um, Tup I can't pronounce it. M Tua Patoa. >> Yeah. Yeah, you got that one. I ain't Yeah, I'm butchering myself. >> But Martin like I'm hoping we don't have to say these names because they don't have to play because like that's deep in the depth chart, but those are the people that are that are listed right now. Um >> I think I hope we only have to say their names and get to know them because they're playing well. >> Yeah. Good. Yeah. Yeah. Not not not like um homeboy from last year. What was it? Who was it? Hudson that's slapping. >> Yeah. Oh, the offensive lineman. Yeah. And and on that play specifically, he tried that's actually I I seen somebody talk about I think it was Brian Baldigger. He was saying like you usually do the club and hit people, but the dude slipped. So it just made him look really bad just slapping him in the head like bro, you know. It was so bad. >> He really did. Yo, it was like he owed them money like you >> mother. It was so bad, bro. He got four penalties back to back like that. >> Yo, that was crazy. They were like just get him out the game, bro. But um >> they ball was losing his [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> for real. Dude was bright red. Um >> yo, that game was it was terrible game, but that [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] was funny. >> Funny. All right, moving right along. My bad. >> No, you're good. You're good. >> That was That was crazy, bro. That was a crazy game. >> We got our edge rushers. We got our edge rushers. We got Brian Burns, Abdul Carter, Kavon Tibido, um Coloulston, Murphy, and Ford, your backups. >> Then we got our interior linebackers. Tmaine Edmonds, Arville Reese, Muasal, McFaten, Barnes, uh, Jack Kelly. >> Mhm. >> Uh, Boseman, and then Jones. >> So, pretty deep. Pretty deep over there. >> yeah, man. >> I'm really hoping Kelly Kelly definitely makes the roster cuz he looks he looks like the the the second coming of the a defensive version of Scataboo out there, >> like Yep. Y he loves football. >> Yeah, he has a lot of turnovers and everything. So hopefully, you know, he makes some I'll be watching him on preeason to see if he, you know, if he can get some if he can read his his keys right and get a couple of turnovers consistently where it's just like, yo, >> he might be better than Micah McFaden. You know what I'm saying? But I'm sure Michael McFat is probably good in cover, but we don't know until we see how he moves after that injury. So Jack Kelly might be the guy, you know. >> Hopefully he comes back healthy because I I'd like to have them both on the roster. [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] >> Yeah, exactly. Michael McFatam was playing pretty good before he got hurt, you know, and that was just next to Bobby L. And I I would like to think Terron Edmonds is better. And you know, Arll Reese is, you know, they let Arll Reese not have to think and just play ball, >> play free, >> these linebackers going to be able to get after it. >> So, we got our safeties. Uh Javon Highland, free safety. Tyler Nuben as strong safety. Um our Darius Washington would be the backup. Um Jason Pinnock, we we signed back as well. Uh we got Campbell, >> uh Brad and Hayne, Lane, I'm sorry, Raine. cornerbacks Paulo, Deontay Banks, was that Corey Black. >> Yep. Yep. >> Green seventh round pick last year >> We got Drew Phillips Jones, Greg Newsome we picked up. We got our Colt that we just signed >> and then uh Bernard something Yeah, again, late night scribbles, man. So, another quarterback again. Hopefully, hopefully Colton Hood locks in that position and we don't have to worry about those other names. But, um those are our corners at the moment, right? >> Hopefully definitely stepped up. >> I think uh well, Colton Hood if if Yeah, if Colton Hood really steps up and he's really a solid corner for us. um him pulsing Adbo, you know, I just really wish Banks was that guy because then we probably would have never got Pulson to Debo because Banks would be in the number one spot. You know, then we have a really young defense and that money that went to Pollson could have went elsewhere. Maybe could have reinvested in offensive line or, you know, a better defensive tackle once the market had started earlier. We could have got somebody a little bit better. Um, I just think, you know, out of all these guys that we got, um, I I hope Drew Phillips has a really big year because he's our nickel. He's our, you know, the nickel corner. He's always going to be in for the run stops and stuff like that. Colton Hood's probably going to be in the outside and slow pulsing the dbo. So, um, if Phillips has a a good year, um, he get coached up a little bit more not to be so handsy getting penalties and everything cuz I remember in the Dallas games he was he was getting under um, >> uh, what's his name? >> Yeah. He was getting under Lamb skin and he was he picked him up and dropped him. He was, you know what I'm saying? Getting Yeah. We out here Giants football. You know what I'm saying? >> He had him hot. >> Yeah, exactly. You know what I'm saying? Even though I think Lamb did score a touchdown after that, but I mean that's besides the point. What I'm trying to say is I like I like the feistiness that he has and I hope he has a really big year. I you know I hope they all have a big year. Um him especially just because he's in on the runs and you know he he he's he's got a couple of turnovers. So >> he plays that direction I've been talking about. You know what I mean? >> That that that attitude that I've been talking about. He plays with that attitude like you see Colton Hood highlights like he plays with that attitude like >> right >> I'm excited to see what they do this year. Um, >> right. And you know, and and Deontay Banks, man, I really just I I think if it is the coaching, cuz he has the ability, if he can really just understand this scheme and start giving a lot more effort, he's he's going to be he can be something special from a physical standpoint. But it's just really that mental locking in and feeling confident about yourself and being able to, you know, go out there and put your best foot forward. So, and I think that has to do a lot with coaching. So, >> I think Dinar Wilson because he played in Maryland, >> I think he's gonna be right I think he's going to be able to tap into another side of Deontay Banks and I think he's going to get the corners and the safeties playing >> with a new set of eyes that they haven't had the past couple of years. >> So, I I I think I think we're going to see a better year out of Deontay Banks. It's it's what he makes of it, man. It's it's if he comes to, you know, camp and he's ready to play and he's not doing all this nonchalant nonsense to where we see he's not chasing down tackles and stuff like that, like he could be a great corner and with better teachers now that'll be able to teach him form and and and how to be able to play better man defense and and read your zones better and things of that nature. >> It it's only up from here. So, I'm hoping, like I said before, man, Hard We Trust, I love this coaching staff that he put together. I'm excited about that. Oh, don't want to forget about our special teams, our special teamers. Just to quickly run through our punter, uh, Stout, our kicker, Jason Sanders, punt returner starts at Gunner O, >> kick return, Deontay Banks, that's where he's thriving, and then long snapper, Zack, Zack Triner. >> that's our depth chart right now. That's way more than 53. So, >> we'll go into Kent. We'll go into OTAAS. They'll sign a few more people to try to round out their offensive defense and we'll see. >> Man, >> I will say to wrap up the episode, we're going to end it with our roll call. We're going to end it with our roll call. >> I want to know from you guys. Please let us know in the comments who you think is going to win the NFC East this year. >> Who's the NFC East? I know who I who what ticket I'm punching. >> I know, right? >> When the NFC East, man. And with that being said, we gonna wrap it up, guys. We appreciate you guys watching the episode this week. We'll be back with another one coming soon. Appreciate you guys. Hey, this is the new era. This is the standard. >> This is Big Blue Reborn.

  Top Comments:
  1. @OreoCakeRage212 [2 likes]: Just wait till the commanders at the top of that NFC east table
  2. @FootballWithTheFellas [2 likes]: ClayfromBklyn here, from FWTF, appreciating your work. I especially like what you said about our UDFAs. No need to go crazy over them yet, but you're right that some of them have good traits: speed, size, etc. The pre-season usually makes us (fans) fall in love with one or two of them. My draft crush from the mpost recent pre-season is Dante "Turbo" Miller. I really want him to get some snaps/touches this year.  

As for the NFC East eval you guys did, don't sleep on the Commanders' Defense. They added Leo Chenal and Sonny Styles to a group that already included Bobby Wagner and Frankie Luvu (assuming Wagner comes back). That's scary! They aren't very strong at IDL or DB, but a team with 4 very good LBs can make up for a lot of weaknesses elsewhere. But Styles won't be the best Defender on that team as long as future HOF-er Bobby Wagner is there! Not right away, anyway. And Caleb Downs won't be the best Defender on a team with Quinnen Williams on it, either, IMO. But overall, I agree with most of what you guys are saying. And I'm getting more and more excited about what this season could look like.

Would love to hear what you guys think about my takes.

- Jeremiyah Love's Story | College GameDay: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] It's kind of been our ritual since I about five or six years old. My dad brings me up before every game and we'll, you know, go head to head. >> This first Pop Warner pee-wee football game. Jeremiah was sitting on the bench with his head down just unsure of himself. And I called him over. I was like, "Jeremiah, you're great, son. you're the greatest, so go out here and show everybody that you're great. I felt him change in that moment. Ran a 70 yardd touchdown, his first run ever in pee-wee football. >> Gives me all the confidence that I need to go out there and just be Jeremiah Love. >> Jeremiah Love with the hurdle. Love breaks free trying to go 98. Touchdown. >> When you see Jeremiah Love on the field, there's little doubt the Notre Dame running back is a gifted and unique talent. But even before football, Jeremiah knew he was different. >> Coming up as a kid, I guess you could say odd really. Like I did things on my own. Didn't really have any friends growing up. He kept to himself a lot. So, he was pretty adventurous. >> That's what I'm talking about. >> But when we started school, we start to notice certain things about Jeremiah that was a little different. There's different mannerisms, his attention to detail. If his shoes weren't symmetrically placed in order, he would be mad. My clothes definitely had to fit a certain way. Particularly my pants. I never liked my pants to like touch my ankles. Like it felt really weird. It took us 20 minutes to get him ready for school because he would just become dysfunctional. >> At first I just thought he was being difficult and then I realized he couldn't concentrate if things weren't just the way he liked them. >> We were going crazy like what is wrong with our baby? Jeremiah's parents spent years trying to manage their son's distinctive mannerisms until finally a breakthrough. >> Sports was definitely something my parents used to, you know, help me with some of those tendencies. >> Anything competitive was his trigger. It would drive him for excellence. >> Once we identified that, we were able to say, "Hey, this guy's better than you doing this. From then on, like that competitive drive, you know, helped me to really excel. >> Competing against people was one thing, but for Jeremiah, interacting with them was another. >> He would tell me, "Ma, I don't feel emotion." He was like, "He didn't feel happiness. He didn't feel grief. He didn't feel none of that." I was like, "Yeah, you do." He was like, "No, I don't." Jeremiah was perceived to be at times standoffish, a loner, not a team player. >> When he started playing sports on a higher level, we knew that that was going to bleed over into the coaches. So, that was the main reason we went to the doctor cuz we wanted to get a diagnosis. We spoke with the pediatrician who had been seeing Jeremiah since he was a baby and he kind of leaned into that Jeremiah could be on the spectrum that he could be higher functioning. That kind of crushed me and mom cuz we was like, "Hey, we've been chastising him for a while, trying to make him do certain things and he just saw the world different." >> Jeremiah's parents chose not to pursue an official diagnosis. >> The doctor advised us, "Just continue to let him be who he is and learn how to adapt to it and encourage him. Don't try to change him. let him change the world. >> I always kind of knew I had some tendencies, but it didn't really affect me because I'm totally accept the type of person that I am. I feel like that particularness about myself is, you know, helped me to, you know, be a better football player. It gives me a lot of power over my own life. We refuse to label him. So, we had to relay that message to the coaches without any medical evidence saying that this is what it is. But his talent was becoming undeniable. >> In 2023, after emerging as one of the nation's best high school running backs, Jeremiah took his talents to Southbend. >> When I first met him, quiet, unique personality. His father was the one that said, "Hey, coach, he might be different than everybody, but Jeremiah, you got to let him be Jeremiah. Jeremiah Love would not be denied. One of the most relentless runs you'll ever see. >> Every time he does something amazing and I think about what the doctor said, I think we did a good job of allowing Jeremiah to be who he was going to be. >> Now he's a shining example for all to see that it's not a weakness. That's his superpower. My parents never made me feel like I was odd. Some will probably think I'm crazy, but feel like for that certain group of people, they'll feel inspired. They'll feel connected and they'll feel welcome to be who they are. >> You want this, you got that. No way. Watch them walk right past you. Run fast. Run fast while you have the chance. Don't speak.

  Top Comments:
  1. @TooCoolTravis [26 likes]: Who else is here because of Protect Our Parks
  2. @DontcallmeBlackImaHebrew2023 [3 likes]: MK Ultra at its Finest I can’t wait to see how this turns out. The next MJ or Tiger Woods. Going to be Interesting. JLove definitely fits the Profile of a Great Football Player in the making. He recently wore his /G\ necklace to the NFL Draft that went viral with Conspiracy Theory Channels. The necklace was probably designed and worn in honor of his mother & father and there respected background. Well welcome to the NFL JLove. All the Best.
  3. @jimmynickelz [1 likes]: Got a new favorite rookie running back 🥲
  4. @Noone-p8v: Mr ms love. Jeremy you an inspiration.
  5. @jjabrony1973: What great parents
  6. @treyrunyon2033: As an autistic man who is a lifelong Cardinals fan, i couldnt be happier.
  7. @shubuua: Gillis brought me here
  8. @whoopdattrick9390: How does spectrum get into notre dame
  9. @ChrisRJR85: This was great. Big up's to dude. May have to grab me a jersey.
  10. @I_ate_at_burger_king: The cardinals got a player
  11. @johio80: As the parent of a real diagnosed autistic beautiful daughter, this is gross. Funny how they chased dollars over treatment for their son. Disgusting, we refused to label him but let’s sit down with espn to label him. Money money money
  12. @IliasLiako: Some wonderful parents right there.
  13. @9treyxay866: He describing my son kinda
  14. @colleenvaldivia7851: HE IS SO BLESSED AS ARE HIS PARENTS. GREAT PARENTING. BEING UNIQUE AND DIFFERENT FROM OTHERS IS A SUPER POWER. I COULDN'T KEEP MY EYES OFF TV WHILE WATCHING HIM ON THE FIELD.. HES A SUPERSTAR FOOTBALL PLAYER!! ILL BE C ROOTING FOR HIM. NOW IM DEFINITELY GOING TO A NOTRE DAME GAME. BUCKET LIST. IM 57 YRS OLD. 😆
  15. @Noone-p8v: That’s alright ms love. He just focused. So think of it this way we focused to get this point!!
  16. @Noone-p8v: I hope the next president goes this way. Love family. He teaching us all about peace.
  17. @ryanmoss1690: One thing that has to be said here is, when he gets into the NFL, folks aren't going to care about how he sees the world.  People aren't going to baby him perhaps the way coaches have done up until this point because of his talents.  When you get to the NFL, everyone has talent.  Even the worst player has talent.  Talent alone is not going to carry you.  It's going to be interesting to see how he handles playing in a league where coaches are cussing you out and grown men are hitting the snot out of you.
  18. @Noone-p8v: Jeremiah you have inspired many. That message is so powerful
  19. @Noone-p8v: He is an angel
  20. @Noone-p8v: These parents. Examples for all of America.

- O2 Touch Stories: Meet Josh: Kind: captions Language: en hi my name is Josh I'm 31 years old and I'm a node to touch plant I saw probably started to touch just after Christmas January 2018 a couple of friends had recommended it to me said it's a good kind of thing to go along to and yeah it's great crowd one kind of background and discipline is in athletics I took a couple of years away from the Athletics and decided wanted to kind of get back into it needed to improve my fitness and try and get back into the game as it were I'm quite old now a little bit slower and I was kind of looking for the kind of nice dynamic to improve my training but also to match up with my work because it just started a new job Manchester Spartans are a rugby club that started about 20 years ago they are gay orientated all inclusive rugby team [Applause] [Music] the aspect of the Spartans and touch rugby scene is that allows me to improve my kind of with winter fitness the kind of lactic sessions that are usually the bane of the winter sessions and athletics they are just natural in touch run people so I loved the Spartans as a whole we were kind of focus mainly on just having gay men but then we when we opened up 202 touch we realized that there was a lot more people that wanted to give it a go that kind of necessary didn't have that we need to go down and I think being an LGBT Club a lot of our players kind of feel already not like outcasts but kind of bit like rookies not for me it's not you know growing up in school didn't want to play rugby and when you come here you realize that absolutely anyone can give rugby ago everyone is good at in their own way just for friendliness the inclusiveness of the people and the knowledge that I was doing this also as past my kind of athletics training the benefit I could see from it was huge so I was back in there and haven't looked back since

  Top Comments:
  1. @dannykettle2466 [1 likes]: Did he say gay
  2. @mushimmi: Ok?

- BFF drawing - How to draw Two Best friend ( Back side ) Best friend forever drawing / Easy Tutorial: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] It is [Applause] [Music] [Music] T [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] [Music] [Music] [Applause] [Music] T Next T

  Top Comments:
  1. @TasmiaJannat-u5u [7 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤so cute 🥰🥰
  2. @AmitSahani-u6w6t [3 likes]: Drawing banane ki banai hathi tumhari video se dekhkar bahut acchi hai❤❤
  3. @smmizanurrahman1979 [3 likes]: আপু অনেক অনেক অনেক সুন্দর হইছে 💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞💞
  4. @pintuverma8170 [2 likes]: 😊😊😊😊😊😊❤❤❤❤❤😮😮😮😅😅😅kajal
  5. @Shabeeryaqoob-s3w [2 likes]: So beautiful 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊
  6. @Manju-g6g3n [1 likes]: Bestie ❤❤❤
  7. @bachchusingh4661 [1 likes]: ❤ ❤
  8. @bachchusingh4661 [1 likes]: My  friend   no hi😢😢😢
  9. @fiazalam [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤
  10. @AmitaMohanty-o7z [1 likes]: My best friend is Kallen ❤☺️😜🤭
  11. @shivansyadav4640 [1 likes]: Nice🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
  12. @AyeshaBashirBashir-z1u [1 likes]: Good ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤
  13. @AmeerHasan-g9e [1 likes]: Very easy far me❤❤❤❤
  14. @rajeevranjan25 [1 likes]: ❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤🎉❤
  15. @ishajaiswal2212 [1 likes]: So hard for me 😊😊
  16. @MannatVishwakarma-ef7dg [1 likes]: Circle pahle hath se banana sikho
  17. @RubnaRubnajan [1 likes]: ❤❤😮😊❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥰🥰😘😘😘
  18. @hifzulrehman-422: So beautiful and thank you.❤😊
  19. @quincy-w8j: Hii
  20. @minakshikatiyar3032: Very nice   
What is your best friend name ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊

- How Culture Drives Behaviours | Julien S. Bourrelle | TEDxTrondheim: Kind: captions Language: en Transcriber: Tijana Mihajlović Reviewer: Ilze Garda I was in Brussels. I was sitting on La Grand-Place, which is a beautiful square in the center of the town. Suddenly, a man came and sat next to me, and started talking to me, so I turned to him and I answered. Then I turned back and I asked myself, "Why is he talking to me?" Suddenly, I realized, "Julian, you're becoming Norwegian." (Laughter) So I turned to the man and I said, "Sorry, I live in a country where people don't speak to each other." The thing is, in Norway, it is not that people don't speak to each other; it's that socialization takes part in a much more framed and organized manner. I was not expecting this man as a stranger to come and talk to me. However, this is surprising, because I come from the French-speaking part of Canada where that type of behavior is totally normal. However, my mental programming has changed. My brain has been rewired, because during the last five years I've lived in a tiny little country in the north of Europe which is called Norway. When you move to a different country, there are three ways that you can relate to the culture: you can confront, complain, or conform. When you confront, you believe that your behaviors are the right behaviors. When you complain, what happens is that you will isolate yourself into social bubbles of foreigners living in segregation with the society. When you adapt your way to behave, when you conform to the whole society, then you can truly benefit from diversity. But that implies that you are observing, learning, understanding the behaviors of others, and adapting your own, so that it fits with the behaviors of the society you're in. I was in the north-east of Spain, in a beautiful region of Catalonia, and I was there with a very good friend of mine. He is two-meters tall, blond hair, and blue eyes. We were visiting the beautiful region where they're making the cava, the Spanish sparkling wine. After the guided tour, we asked some more questions to the very charming guide that was there, and she was explaining us with passion about what she was doing, and then suddenly she stopped. She took a step aside, she took my friend, and she shook him. And then she looked at me and said, "Why is he not interested in what I'm saying?" Because she was not getting the emotional feedback she was used to. She was seeing his emotional feedback through her own cultural glasses, meaning that she was interpreting the fact that he had a neutral face on what it would mean if someone from her culture would have that face, and that would mean that the person was not interested or didn't want to be there. And we all see the world through cultural glasses. The lens through which your brain sees the world shapes your reality. If you can change the lens, not only can you change the way your brain perceives behaviors, but you can change the way people relate to cultural differences. Embedded within that statement is the key to benefiting from diversity. Three years ago, I was sitting on the board of directors of one major university in Northern Europe and I was representing 2,000 academic staff, and I wanted to become a better leader. So I've looked around the whole university for a leadership class that would be suited to my position, and I found one, and I was thrilled, because not only would I learn about leadership, but because I would also learn about how women lead, because the class was called "Leadership for women". And so, as naive as I was, I've registered for the class. The next morning, the gender equality adviser of the university calls me and says, "Julian, this is leadership for women. You're a man. You cannot attend." It was the first time in my life that I was denied education based on my gender. This is my cultural perspective about what happened there. However, why is the university doing this? Because the government had been putting in place a scheme that allowed the university to take candidates in full academic position before someone that has higher academic training if the candidates can document leadership training. By offering leadership training only to women, the university was fast forwarding the track of women into full professorship position at a place where less than 20% of women had professorship. I call this equality of result. Not equality of opportunity; equality of results. I did not have the same opportunity to flourish to my full potential, but the result is that we have a balance in society. We enforce diversity, and there is a good reason to do this. Studies show that boards composed of both genders will perform 15% better then boards that are composed of mainly one gender. But studies also show that boards that are composed of different cultures will perform 35% better than boards that are composed of only one culture. Cultural diversity increases problem-solving ability. It increases creativity and innovation. The real challenge here is to make people being able to communicate well together. And this you do through explaining cultural differences. Two years ago, I was sitting in my living room. I was sitting there with a friend and we started to draw typical cultural situations. Then we made a Facebook page, and then we made a free website, and then I started to lecture all around the country. I'm happy to say we've just crossed one million people that have seen these drawings to help to connect culture. And the idea behind that project is to create a simple, humoristic way in connecting people of different cultures, especially in Norway. You know that most people around the world are raised with the idea that they will need to contribute to a group, that they will be part of a group and interdependent on their members. And it affects the way people behave. Other parts of the world, especially the Western world, we raise our children to be independent and to be self-sufficient, and we create certain independence in society, and it changes behaviors. You see the difference? This basic principle tells a lot about how you're going to expect a friendship to look like. In certain societies where the group prevails, the friendship will be much stronger, in terms that people will live in symbiosis with each other and dependent on each other, and they will be expected to be invited to every single event that the very good friend will do. However, in other cultures, friendship will be much more distant. I've asked a Scandinavian man one day what a good friend was. You know what he answered? "It is someone I can sit in silence in a room and feel comfortable." If you tell this to a South American, they won't understand what the principle is. This is about friendship and love, and contact with people is one of the six basic human needs. If you're not able to see how this friendship and love is communicated to you because you are blinded by your cultural glasses, you will spend years believing you have no friends. You will spend years believing that people are rejecting you. It is about changing these cultural glasses. This is when you know that a Norwegian bus stop is full and that you need to stand. What happens if you sit in the middle? It could very well be that one of the two persons stands up, takes a step aside, starts playing on his phone. Now, what if you look different? What if you're wearing a religious symbol? How easy it is to believe that the person has moved away because you're of a different skin color or of a different religion? A typical cultural misunderstanding and a very basic of human interactions: you've came into the personal space of someone who has a much bigger personal space. In most cultures in the world, there's place for 4 people on that bench. Not understanding these very subtle physical differences with people will actually lead to lot of miscommunication. If you want to observe it yourself, go to any international conference and try to observe a South American that tries to communicate with a North European. What will happen there is that the South American will be very eager and will stand at a distance that's comfortable for him. The North European will be also very eager, but stand a little bit further away, because he's not comfortable that the South American is so close. If you observe it over time, you will see that a little dance starts and people go around the room, none of them realizing that they are feeling uncomfortable, or they both feel uncomfortable, but they don't realize why. It's just a simple thing of culture and being able to feel that distance between people, which is different in every culture. And that has to do as well with politeness. Politeness is a concept which is very much culturally related. It's a group of norms and social codes that everyone obeys to, so that communication goes well in the society, and in certain societies it is very strict, and you have a way to talk, and you have a way to behave. You change the way - you're changing the words in the sentence. In other places, politeness might only mean not to disturb others, to leave more space, both in friendship and physical space. And if you move to another country and no one explains you what politeness means, how can you expect people - how can you expect that someone will behave as he's expected to in a foreign culture? The key here is to benefit from diversity. Everyone sees the world It's not about what you see; it's about what you perceive. And it is by taking small steps that we will one day help the world to truly benefit from diversity. Thank you. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @wl7045 [7 likes]: His major message: we basically perceive the world through our own cultural glasses/lenses, which can lead to cultural misunderstandings if we don't socialise with other/foreign cultures or, at least, don't want to get to know it,                                                                                                               is apparently nothing cutting-edge for every educated person.
No wonder, and thankfully, that he considered being "naive" as one of his conclusions on one of his stories he shared.
The best here were his pauses and draws (especially pictured faces "sad - happy - angry - drunk").

Greetings to everybody who was made to watch it, mainly due to a school task/homework. But I am afraid that you won't take much from this speech, also in terms of an English-learning perspective, as it seemingly is on B1 level with poor vocabulary, where I learned myself only one new word: ("interdependent").
  2. @YqLx604SfzE [2 likes]: nobody recommend  me to watch this, lol I came Myself😜😂
  3. @witchformula067 [1 likes]: this guy looks like charlie kirk
  4. @FugcfFhhvv [1 likes]: thanks for all the value you provide
  5. @Mochikyotomochi [1 likes]: Support our culture 🤝
  6. @byronandreyaranzazusarasty4697 [1 likes]: Duro
  7. @crizelmaebacarro: this is good tbh
  8. @Sbwjlssvwvsc: 6:57 These kind of humans are everywhere or stuck in 1950
  9. @MissMesha-p1e: Nah cause my teacher made me watch this and istg it has nth to do with psychology
  10. @michaelmontalvo495: POV: Here for my college assignment - really interesting.
  11. @TheVoidmaster_infinity: 1:12 - "Tiny little country" . . . Norway ain't tiny in my opinion
  12. @ZaGaijinSmash: While I certainly agree with the intention, I feel that this thinking can very often excuse discrimination through ignorance.
  13. @BAYGORADIOPTV: My friend share this in our groupe an dhe made us watch this
  14. @giffardsercombe3169: Interesting, but it's overflowing with OVERgeneralisations. He overlooks gender, age differences, and diversity within a nation. (so, very 'OVER')
  15. @John-wx3zn: You were not becoming noregian. You are trying to be goofy.
  16. @4evers4: لعيون الدكتور نشوفه و نكتب باليد
  17. @xadobyte: white mediocrity at its finest
  18. @alexisfavre9782: emphasis on *cultural* diversity, not racial. we need to all need to forget about race because it does not hold any group together.
  19. @OgodoOgoo: Meanwhile, my teacher said we should watch this before our class. It’s an interesting one after all
  20. @louis9748: Ma prof m'a demandé de regarder cette vidéo (09/2025) et vous ?

- Cross cultural communication | Pellegrino Riccardi | TEDxBergen: Kind: captions Language: en Translator: Ilze Garda Reviewer: Denise RQ It's really great to be in Bergen, this is the second time this week. I live in Oslo, I guess I'm living in the wrong place. (Laughter) As you quite rightly say, my name Pellegrino, which is my first name, means 'pilgrim'. It was given to me by my Italian parents. It is as if they knew what I was going to do for the rest of my life. "Let's give him the name 'pilgrim', then he'll travel the world." That's basically what I did. This is my workplace. I do a lot of travelling. I can give you a fancy title of what I do, but what I really do is I try to help people communicate better, especially in the global business world. So I try to help people communicate better with other nationalities. You know, the first thing you think of when you work with other nationalities and cross-cultural communication, is "Let's look at the other cultures." I take a slightly different approach, I say to people, "Take a look at yourself." I am going to talk a lot about perception because it's all about perception and understanding what people see. As you see, I have Italian in me, I have a lot of British in me. Some people are often surprised by my English accent, it's quite nice, isn't it? Because you weren't expecting this, you are expecting me to speak with an Italian accent. I don't speak like that. (Laughter) And I've been in Norway for over a third of my life actually, so I've got a lot of Norwegian in me as well. What I like doing to people is I have these little social experiments to test their perception of me. As I said, I travel a lot, so I like playing with the airlines. I like going up to the airlines and talk in English, or sometimes with an Italian accent, to see what kind of reactions I get, and English is the best one. If you want a good service, you speak English like I do. It's fantastic. People take you seriously. Well, they do, you know. I mean, yesterday, the plane to Bergen was late. If I go up and say, "Excuse me, it's 30 minutes late, I'm a punctual person, I don't like being late," they just take you seriously. But yesterday I thought I'd try in an Italian accent. (Laughter) So I went up, and I actually said, "Excuse me, but the plane is 30 minutes late, I'm a punctual person, you know." Exactly! I got the same reaction as you did there. This is one of the problems when working with other nationalities: people see what they want to see, they don't always see what you see. And this is one of the challenges. Just before we get into it, culture, let's look at culture. My definition of culture - I know this doesn't cover everything, but let's keep it simple, I usually do two day workshops on this, I've got 18 minutes - "a system of behaviour that helps us act in an accepted or familiar way". Key word there: accepted or familiar. We're basically doing things which are accepted in our social group and which are familiar. So a lot of my work is actually explaining Norwegian behaviour to other nationalities. I'm constantly looking for this sort of, "Can we describe a Norwegian in a nutshell?" I think I found it - I found this fantastic text on the Internet, I want you to read it, it's really worth reading. "If you were to use a colour to describe this person, he'd have to be green. He lives in isolation in his home, a place he best describes as 'his' and 'cosy'. However, he is not the most receptive of people when it comes to visitors." The typical Norwegian. "He is somewhat primitive, but he is honest, straightforward, all he really wants in life are the simple little pleasures like peace and quiet." Do you recognize any of this? There are some key words - can you see that? They jump out at you. And OK, it's a stereotype, but a lot of this is a bit true. I show this to Norwegians, and they kind of nod, "Yeah, OK. I'll give you that one." Then I surprise them: this is a description not of a Norwegian, but of a Hollywood film star. Yeah! Would you like to know who it is? There it is. Is that person there. (Laughter) The point about this is you often believe what people tell you as well. I could sit there and tell you this is a Norwegian, and you believe it. It's not a Norwegian at all; although maybe this could be a Norwegian that is going off to this house, but there are many words in there which are accepted and familiar. Another accepted and familiar thing about Norwegian life is the Norwegian forest; I live in the Oslo area, it's all forest. Working across borders is basically not accepting completely that your assumptions are the assumptions of others. I mean that's logic; you know, common sense. The Norwegian forest is a good thing, isn't it, Norwegians in the room? It's all good, it's fresh air, nature, elks, skiing, it's fantastic. That's what my wife thought the first time my father visited us in Norway because she thought we would do something nice. So my wife asked my Italian father, "Would you like to go for a walk in the forest?" And my father looked at her and said, "Why?" I had to explain to my wife that if you say to another Italian, "Hey, you and me, we go for a walk in the forest," that means something else, you don't do that. (Laughter) But how can you know that? How could you know that? Accepted and familiar. At the time, we went for a drive, we went for a drive with my father, and we are all looking at the same thing. A beautiful Norwegian landscape. And my father is taking photographs that he wants to show his friends. The road is kind of bumpy, so he says to my wife, "Could you slow the car down? Stop it, I want to take a proper photograph." My wife says, "But Mr. Riccardi, there is nothing here." He looks at her and says to her, "I know. I've never seen nothing before." What was amazing with this is we're looking at the same pictures and using completely different words to describe it; this is the challenge of working across borders. We've got different ideas of accepted and familiar. Here is what is accepted and familiar to me when I queue. I was raised in the UK, we're the world champions of queueing, waiting in line. And you know? We're fantastic. If you're waiting in line in a supermarket in the UK - let's say there are 10 people waiting in line, we all are getting a bit impatient because we're all waiting in line - and then they open a new cash register, do you know what will happen in the UK? The first four people won't move, they'll stay in the queue. The next six people will move to the next cash register in more or less the same order, and they kind of check with each other. If they open another cash register, the same will happen. It's like a formation dance, it's fantastic. Would the same happen in Norway? No. What would happen if they shout in Norwegian "Ledig kasse", which is "Available cash register"? What happens? Everybody goes for it. It's first come, first served, isn't it? Isn't that what is accepted and familiar? The first time that happened to me, I was shocked, and I said some not very nice things about Norwegians. But, you know, you got to dig a bit deeper to find out why Norwegians do that. Why are they running for that cash register? Why is it a free for all and first come, first served? I think it has got to do with this. "What?" they say. This is the King of Norway on a train in 1973, that guy in a cap on the right. This is equality, and I think the queueing system in Norway is all about equality. First come, first served is about equality, and it's the ability to dig under the surface and find out what the underlying values are. That's how you know how to communicate with people, this equality is really important in Norway. It's the reason we're so laid back with each other, we don't bother with titles, we dress casually, it makes a fantastic business environment actually, doesn't it? But sometimes, it can take you a bit by surprise, and in those situations where you feel uncomfortable or irritated, we have a tendency to jump to the negative conclusions rather than the positive conclusions. I travel all over the world - and this is not an advertisement for the airlines - but it is Scandinavian Airlines, and Lufthansa, and Singapore Airlines, and everybody knows Singapore Airlines has the best service - why? Because they have a whole lot more hierarchy in their societies. Therefore, when they serve you, they serve you, and the Singapore Airlines staff - if you ever been on their flight - but from the moment they welcome you, they look like they're going to serve you. I mean, it's just the body language, it's like, "Anything for you, sir." Now, if a Scandinavian Airlines person did this when you came on, yeah, exactly, you would get suspicious, wouldn't you? What is going on? (Laughter) Because it is not accepted or familiar, that's it, you know. This is what it's all about. So this is how we do it. And look at the space. Space is important, nobody is touching. If you go to somewhere like Finland, that space becomes even more, can you see? It's fantastic. (Laughter) Look at the way they queue in France. It's nothing like the way I'm used to queueing, and it's different every day, it's never the same. And in some cultures, you need a bit more motivation to stand in line. This is my favourite one, this is fantastic, look at this. Isn't that great? They're all different. We are all doing the same thing in slightly different ways. Now, how do you get across borders? How do you navigate through this? Because you can't learn all the codes, it's impossible. Here is a tip. This is what I'm really passionate about - curiosity. I am, have been, always will be a curious person. Curiosity gets you through a lot of things. I believe you can ask any question to anybody just about anything, provided you do it with curiosity. That's it. Curiosity is a great thing. Now, I've got three kids. Kids are the most curious creatures on the planet. A recent survey - I can't believe this, but I have to quote it - apparently, 4-year-olds will ask up to 390 questions per day. 82% of those questions will be to mothers rather than fathers. You know why? When the kid goes to the father, what does he say? Go and ask your mother. (Laughter) Curiosity is so important. One of the most difficult situations I had-- I was having a meal in Helsinki, in Finland, and I was sitting there, and the thing is when we, Italians, eat, we talk, we have to talk actually. We eat and we talk, we eat and we talk. We're not alone on that actually, many cultures do that. Finns, on the other hand, don't have to talk. They can talk, but they don't have to. So, I'm sitting next to this Finn, and I'm trying to be curious and create a conversation, and I thought, "OK, small talk." The rules of engagement of small talk. Rule number 1: ask a simple question. Curious, simple question. Rule number 2: listen to the answer, pick out a word, follow up that word. It's really simple actually. So, I was there, this quiet Finn was sitting next to me. I turned to him, and I said, "So, have you lived in Helsinki all your life?" He looked at me a little strange, and he said, "Not yet." Moments like this - you know, which word do I follow up: 'not' or 'yet'? - challenge your curiosity, but you've got to be curious, it's really simple. Do you know what it is about the Nordic cultures? It's all about economy of language. Italians use loads and loads of words to say very, very little actually. In the Nordic countries, it's different, it's the opposite; minimum words, maximum message. So, where I was raised, in the UK - it is also lots of words, by the way - look at this, "Excuse me, may I just interrupt you for a second?" That is 10 words. That is way too many words. The Norwegians manage to do this in one word, that's what I call economy of language. What is the word? Look at this. (Laughter) Yeah. (Norwegian) "You?" That's it. "Sorry for bumping into you like that, terribly clumsy of me." The Norwegians do it in one word. Ready? There it goes: [Oi!] Fantastic. (Laughter) My favourite - and you know the answer - "Sorry, I didn't quite catch what you just said." (Audience) Hæ? Well-done. "Hæ?" One word. The first time I heard that, I just heard this, "Hæ?" (Laughter) I've got three kids now going, "Hæ?" "Hæ?" "Hæ?" But look beyond the negative side, and look to the curiosity. And this is it, we are often misperceived because, on a serious note, this "Hæ?", which I've heard many times, doesn't often get perceived very positively by other nationalities. You get it, yeah? Everyone has been misperceived in their life. The Dutch are often misperceived, they complain a lot, they are the world champions of complaining. But why do they do it? Because they are looking for something better. One way to do it is to complain and seek a better result, that's often difficult. I used to work with a guy who was French - he is French - I used to work with him, his name was Yves. Yves. Yves complained a lot as well. He complained about everything, and he questioned everything. He had a fantastic mind. I would come into work-- and once I came into work, and I said to Yves, "Good morning!" He looked at me and said, "Is it?" He was on that level, you know. I've had my challenges too. The biggest challenge I've had living in Norway and trying to communicate with my fellow Norwegians, is, of course, feelings and expressing feelings. Where I come from, we express. What I've learnt to do - I've had to learn to do - is kind of tone myself down actually living in the Nordic countries, in Norway, to tone myself down, keep it low, keep it calm, because that works better, which is often very, very difficult. Another thing is rules, I still find rules a little tricky. I must admit that is where I'm quite Italian. These are people driving into work in a town, in Norway; they are following rules, can you see? They are simple rules, the rules are: keep between the lines and don't use the lane over there, - the public transport lane - unless you're a bus, a taxi, or an electric car; simple rules. And look at this: every single car manages to drive between the lines, it's fantastic. Now, this is a little clip that I took this summer driving down to Italy. This is a police car; that car has nothing to do with the police car. It's just a little, short clip, but look at it. I mean, would you do that in Norway? You know you wouldn't. This is another clip in France. What they do - yeah, yeah, look - what happens is that, you see, they drift. I love that guy in the BMW, the French guy is going, "Left or right? I do not know yet. I have not decided." (Laughter) It's fantastic. In some countries, you can't even see the lines. Where are the lines? Where are they? I suggested once to an Indian colleague of mine, "Perhaps, if you painted the lines more regularly, people would follow the rules." He said, "No, that would be a waste of paint." That is why we have traffic wardens in Norway. This is a traffic warden in Norway giving a ticket, a fine to this car. Now, I'm just going to check. You see, Norwegians know these rules instinctively, it's your duty to learn the rules, but can I ask you why that car is going to get a fine? Too close to the zebra crossing there, pedestrian crossing. What is the minimum distance? People mumbling '25'. You know this stuff, it's like a stupid question. So the day I parked my car in Oslo... let me just explain you what is going on. The line goes under here and then underneath the wheel, this is no parking, I was a little bit in a hurry. My wife said to me, "I think you should move your car forward a little bit." I said, "Why?" "Just move your car. It's... you'll get a fine." "Why?" "Just... just, please, move your car." You could see she was really uncomfortable, and this irritated me, I thought, "You know, I don't have time for this. Let's go." So I left. OK - and this is especially for the Norwegians in the room - did I get a fine? (Audience) Yes. Do you feel sorry for me? No. You get no sympathy. (Laughter) No sympathy whatsoever. It's a simple bloody rule, follow the rules. Italians believe that the power of speech, the power of persuasion is you most important tool in life. We believe that you can appeal to people; if you're good enough at appealing, they might listen to you, and they might find an alternative solution. So I believed that I could call the Oslo Traffic Police and talk my way out of the problem, and I can see Norwegians doing this, "Oh, no! You're wasting your time. Don't bother." No! I thought I would try. I called the guy down at the Oslo Traffic, "Hello, this is Pellegrino ..." - by the way, I spoke English, of course, not Norwegian, because they take you more seriously - "Hello, this is Pellegrino... I'm referring to the case 78206." "Yes, I have it in front of me here." "I was just wondering if we could be a bit flexible on this, we're only talking about 20 centimetres, I'm really sorry, I've learned my lesson, I won't ever do it again." Did it help? Not at all. To his credit, he was good, he was really good. I could hear him clicking, he had all the rules, he was saying, "I'm very sorry, but the wheel must be inside the box. It says so here in the rule 5, paragraph D." He had all the answers in front of him. Then he said something I'll never forget, "Riccardi is your name, you may be Italian. You probably like football." I said, "I do like football." "Well, it's like football, you know. The ball must be over the line, the wheel must..." (Laughter) But it's fantastic. It was great. He had all the answers, black and white, he had everything. Fine. I told my friend Yves this, my friend Yves, the French guy, who got really irritated. - Remember Yves? "Is it?" - He is really good at asking questions and said, "OK, the wheel must be inside the box. What if I take the wheel off the car? What would happen then?" I thought that was really interesting actually. (Laughter) I called back and asked, "What would happen if I took the wheel off the car?" He didn't have an answer for me. He couldn't answer that question. Why not? It's not an accepted and familiar question, and he doesn't have that approach. Then you need the help of an Italian because the time I parked my car in Italy... You see, I was looking for a parking place on a holiday, impossible. I see a traffic warden, and I go up to her. I start talking in Italian, "Listen, I'm looking for a parking place." She says, "There is a parking house nearby but don't park your car there." "Why not?" She says, "It's too expensive. 40 Euro!" "Really? What should I do?" She says, "I like you. You seem like a nice fellow. I like the way you talk Italian, I'm going to help you today. Park your car over there." And she points over to this sign and says, "Go and park car over there." "Come on, I can't..." "It's OK, it's not dangerous. Park your car there. Don't pay 40 Euro in the parking house. Park your car over there. I give you a fine for 30 Euro, you save yourself 10 Euro." I'm not here to discuss whether it's right or wrong, but what I can tell you is that I get it. I get it because I've got it inside me. I've seen this before, and I accept it, and I can see the positive elements. You see, these three cultures I have inside me. Just to finish off, this is what I'm passionate about: I've got three cultures inside me, they're all very different, they are planets apart, they really are, in certain aspects. But you know what I try to do daily, especially with my kids? I try to take the best of all three and try to merge them into one new culture where you take the best of all three. Across borders isn't about going to cross borders in my mind, it's about extending your borders and creating new ones around us. And if you can create a new culture where you take the best of all three, like I try to do, and it's not easy, guess what? That is when you create what we call a global mindset. And I believe this is what makes the world go around. Thank you very much. (Applause)

  Top Comments:
  1. @anmolria [3 likes]: I thought I would be bored but this was soooo interesting!
  2. @sojo973 [1 likes]: The "it's like football" line got me hahaha
  3. @nezhasadik899 [1 likes]: What an amazing way to explain cross-cultural communication! I loved it!
  4. @Joaquinduhalde [1 likes]: Thanks, this video helped me find people with intercultural experiences in their work for my thesis.
  5. @Pavme [1 likes]: Amazing talk. Loved your way of talking and presenting the information, very entertaining, engaging, and informative
  6. @ChantreMiddleton [1 likes]: I enjoyed Mr Riccardi's talk. It really made me think about how global mindset and where I am with it.
  7. @begumburak: Kim foundation in istanbul. Same institution.
  8. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: akhinesh,amish -------G-1
  9. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: naveen sing the song@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@@
  10. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: anandhuz__
  11. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: naveen ,moidu,shaM,G-2
  12. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: eth polichu
  13. @SuganthSuganth-o3w8z: hlo guyss
  14. @John-wx3zn: Why do you say you are living in the wrong place. Are trying to be a comedian? I am not going to watch you now.
  15. @SlayorNoonz: Now Im curious to do a DNA test to see if I have ancestry from Finland based on how he described them like he was talking about me 😂
  16. @Pavme: Basically, understand that what people see is not the same as what you see.

When misunderstandings happen, look at the underlying values involved and look at the good.
Take the good from different cultures and try to adopt it and merge it with your own, building a global mindset
  17. @Алёна-ь1т2ь: It is the first video Chat Gpt sent me about intercultural communication
  18. @leannewho664: 11:40 I didn’t know FuwaMoco were Norwegian…
  19. @kaptainkool3911: I love this Ted Talk. It's fantastic.
  20. @rubenhartounian1821: 🎯 Key points for quick navigation:

29:00 Pellegrino Riccardi helps people communicate better across cultures by encouraging self-reflection rather than focusing solely on understanding other cultures. He emphasizes that perception plays a crucial role in cross-cultural interactions, using personal anecdotes to illustrate how cultural stereotypes can influence behavior and expectations. His approach challenges individuals to consider their own cultural identity and how it shapes their interactions in global business settings.

Made with HARPA AI

- Business Speaker Erin Meyer: How Cultural Differences Affect Business: Kind: captions Language: en I have spent the last 16 years studying how cultural differences are changing global organizations, but I have not always been working in a cross-cultural space. I was raised in a very monocultural place. I was raised in Minnesota in the Midwest of the US and it was only later as an adult that I started living in other countries and kind of uh learning about these things. But I had a situation early in my career that got this all started for me where I was on a trip to Japan with a Japanese colleague and I gave a short presentation to a group of Japanese participants and at the end of the presentation I asked them if they had any questions. When I looked at the group that no one raised their hands so I went to sit down. My Japanese colleague then said to me, "Erin, I think actually there were some questions. do you mind if I try? And I said, "Okay, fine." So he then stood up and again he said, "Any any questions?" And again, no one raised their hand. But this time he looked very carefully at the group. "Oh, do you have a question?" And the woman said, "Well, thank you. I do." And she asked a fascinating question. And then he did it again. "Oh, do you have something you'd like to say?" "Yes, thank you. I do. So afterwards, I said to him, you know, how do you how did you know that these people had questions? And he said to me, well, it had to do with how bright their eyes were. And I thought, wow, you know, they don't teach us that in Minnesota. So then I said, but how do you know how bright their eyes are? And he said, well, you know, in Japan, we don't make as much direct eye contact as you do in the West. So when you ask people if they have any questions, most people are not looking at you directly, but a few people in the audience are looking directly at you and their eyes are bright and that indicates that they would be comfortable with you calling on them. So the next day I gave another presentation and again I asked if there were any questions and again no one raised their hand but this time I thought okay I'll just try. So I did as he'd instructed and I looked carefully at the group and I saw just as he said that only a couple of people in the room were looking directly at me and if I really thought about it well yes okay their eyes were bright. So I you know I gestured to one of them and he kind of went like that and then I said would you like to say something and he said yes thank you. So um this was a very important experience for me because well there's a a an expression in Japanese Japanese which is cookie yommani they shorten it to ky and it means someone who is unable to read the atmosphere or someone who's unable to read the air meaning to pick up the communication that's in the air and here we could see that he clearly could read the air and I was clearly ky but I also saw that with a little bit of assistance and direction that I also could become better at picking up those signals that were in the air. So then as I was thinking about this, I became very interested in trying to figure out if there was a method that we could use to help people to better read the atmosphere when they were working with cultures that they didn't know intimately. And we then started to develop this uh this framework that came from lots and lots of research where we divided culture up into different types of behaviors. And we started looking at, you know, how is trust built in different parts of the world and how do we make decisions differently in different parts of the world? And we saw that we were able to come up with patterns for how countries or cultures fell differently on those scales.

  Top Comments:
  1. @bolantamichael5924 [24 likes]: Educative. I understand the feeling when you ask for questions as a facilitator and everyone just goes quiet on you.
  2. @huyhong3375 [17 likes]: Thank you for expanding our knowledge about Japan and informing your story to us. Explaining the cultural difference in the business world and how it would affect others businesses.
  3. @Brian_Onesimus [5 likes]: Sounds like emotional intelligence 2.0 to me. Social communication. It's hard within the same culture and even a bit harder across multiple cultures. You just need to do your homework if you plan on communicating
  4. @evelienverschroeven7943 [4 likes]: It is a good video, but we need to remember that Erin Meijer use cross cultural models. Which is good of you realize what this means. Cross cultural is more the comparison of cultures. Most of the models used within intercultural communication are cross cultural. They use scores, rankings ( Geert Hostede, Erin Meyer). What they do is making hypothesis based on the average person. On this image they build expectations 
There are some problems about this. 
•	First of all they look at the whole not the individuals they don’t really help when you use them to support interactions between individuals.
•	The individuals in the group are heterogenic and dynamic. So these tools don’t help well if not put into this frame when you want to have interactions with persons. In fact they can support biases/ prejudices. 
Be aware of culturalism: the phenomenon where culture is used as an explanation for all kind of things. A culturalizing approach to communication comes with risks. This is why we propose to approach intercultural communication as interpersonal communication, which is a circular, layered process of content and relationships, influenced by common senses.
  5. @aderahcreations [2 likes]: This is very Apt. Picking up the atmosphere and understanding different methods that works for  cultures and behaviour is very expedient.  Thanks for sharing.
  6. @MagnicraftConsulting [2 likes]: There is always communication in the air. Picking those signals helps connection better. Better reading of the atmosphere is key in today's complex world.
  7. @cristianvenegas8251 [2 likes]: Cool video, overall explanation for cultural  differences in business seems to very simple but very informative. Learning apart from the video is to better read the atmosphere of the room when in meeting rooms and also just studying the overall culture and market that you are trying to get into. By doing this would seem to greatly impact your chances of being fully accepted by the culture and society in general of the country.
  8. @Anas-qk7kw [1 likes]: Bad
  9. @Supermariocrosser [1 likes]: Japan, despite being an Asian country like China and korea on high context, low confrontation and strong hierarchy in confucianist sense. 🇨🇳🇰🇷

But Japan has the rare germanic and nordic factors of strong consensus and utterly strong linear time thinking than even most germanic countries are surpassed cultural region in the world scores that higher like them.
 🇨🇭🇳🇱🇩🇰🇧🇻🇸🇪🇫🇮🇩🇪🇦🇹

Japanese culture is in some way a radical hybrid of Asian and Germanic culture. 🇯🇵

 Ironic because Japan was in fact called "honorary Aryan" by the race obsessed nazis. 🇩🇪🇯🇵 And German culture is yet the most hierarchical of all germanic nations making it thus much closer to Japan than it's other germanic nordic nations.. 

But i believe it's  culture and environmental circumstances on humans, not race that defines a functioning society.
  10. @catsalive9572 [1 likes]: Not do easy to pick up on this in video calls especially when you can't see everyone.
  11. @tsukasayugi626: La upc y sus tareas...
  12. @Stroy2024-d7d: How boring
  13. @ShannonJohnson-y6l: A class i took at triton college
  14. @nuradrna: interesting
  15. @mobbs8229: "Cooki Yemeni"
  16. @RestuPapa-j9w: My first son ia studying ini Japan. He  has alot to tell.
  17. @chetanrawatji: Interesting ❤
  18. @noorulhudaabubakar3741: Great
  19. @John83118: This material serves as a gateway to new realms of understanding. A book I read with akin topics was pivotal in shaping my thoughts. "The Art of Meaningful Relationships in the 21st Century" by Leo Flint
  20. @coachtsr: it seems like it ends mid-sentence...

- Classics Summarized: Beowulf: Kind: captions Language: en Beowulf was written a little over a thousand years ago, and it's one of the oldest English texts that still exists. And that's "English" with big glowing air quotes, by the way, as it was written in old English. Now, you might have old English confused for that stuff Shakespeare wrote. You know, all those "forsooth's" and "verily's" and whatnot. But that's actually early modern English. Now, failing that, you might think that messy language Chaucer wrote the Canterbury tales in must be old English. You know, that stuff you can kind of read, but it's all written with weird spellings and pronounced like you've got a golf ball in each cheek? Well, I'm afraid that's only middle English. No, if you want to know what real old English was like, look no further than - OH GOOD LORD! Where do you start?! One thing to note about Beowulf is that once you boil it down to its essential textual components, it's actually a remarkably short story, especially by epic poetry standards. This is because the style of writing at the time involved what amounted to drive-by exposition, where the narrator would, at random intervals, veer the story off course into a random tangent and explain huge, complex historical contexts to provide backstory for everything from a line of great kings to a small pile of gold. So, when you cut out all that nonsense, you're left with a nice, simple story about how one man beat the crap out of three giant monsters, became the king of a small country, and inspired all the coolest parts of both J.R.R. Tolkien and Skyrim. This is good for me because, if you haven't noticed, I love to talk. And in between the simplicity of the story in the shortness of the text, there is plenty of time for me to ramble on about the idiosyncrasies of Beowulf without exceeding my arbitrary time limit. For instance! Did you know "Beowulf" literally means "Bee Wolf," which itself was a colloquialism translating to "Bee Hunter," which in turn just meant "Bear?" Well you do now! So our story begins with some backstory. Yeah, I know what I said, but this part is actually pretty cool, so roll with it. Once upon a time an ancient Denmark, there was a great king named Scyld Scefing. He doesn't appear in this book. But Scyld had a mighty son: Beowulf, who became an equally mighty king when Scyld died. However, despite the name, this was a different Beowulf, who also does not appear in this book. Beowulf (still not that one), in turn had a son, Healfdene, who sparked a long-standing feud between his family and the Heathobards by getting himself killed by Froda, an ancient Danish king and lord of the Heathobards who also might have been his brother. And none of this appears in the book either. Isn't this fun? But Healfdene managed to have four kids before he died (although one of their names has been lost). The three kids we know about were Heorogar, Helga and Hrothgar (no relation). Now, among these kids, Hrothgar actually does appear in our story. Basically, he won some big war and got himself crowned king as a result, and decided to use his newfound wealth and power to build himself the Ultimate Party Venue, a huge mead hall he named Heorot. There he and his Thanes spent their days partying up a storm, and it is here that our story truly begins. "But hey now!" I hear you cry. "I thought this story was supposed to be about Beowulf? I mean, it's his name on the cover, apart from that fake out guy with the same name two generations back, we haven't heard a thing about this Beowulf guy. What gives?" Well jeez you're pretty impatient aren't you? I get your hopes up by telling you this story's gonna be short and this is how you behave? Shame on you. Besides, I wasn't finished. See, this story happened ~a long time ago~ in that magical, poorly defined time period In which it was widely accepted that ghoulies, ghosties and long-leggedy beasties of all ages were just sort of roaming around causing trouble. And in Hrothgar's neck of the woods, the nastiest of these monsters was an ugly piece of work named Grendel. Grendel, we learn, is a big ugly giant descended from the original bad guy, the biblical Cain, and he lives in a grody swamp near a lake full of monsters called, aptly enough, the Lake of Monsters. But the construction of this new mead hall starts disturbing his natural habitat, largely because the sounds of the 24-hour party circuit happening 10 feet from his house caused him to become just a touch crankier than usual. Now, Grendel has a Grinch complex the size of East Texas, and when he hears the near-constant partying coming from Heorot, he gets a doozy of an idea, of the terrible awful variety. After all, the easiest way to stop the party is to kill everyone partying! Well uh... You gotta give him points for efficiency. So that night, Grendel scoots on over to the mead hall, busts down the door, kills 30 of the Thanes, and skedaddles back on home. This violent party crashing becomes something of a nightly trend, which is disturbing for a variety of reasons, not the least of which being the fact that a rampaging hell beast murdering a bunch of their friends didn't kill the party atmosphere the first time it happened. But we must not forget that these fine fellows were Nords, one of the most famously testosterone poisoned cultures in all of human history, so it should come as no surprise that it takes several more late-night murder trips from Grendel before Hrothgar considers calling on their buddies, the Geats, for a little bit of help. Either he got tired of losing his Thanes, or he got tired of replacing that stupid door every day. Either way, it's time to call in the cavalry. Enter the Storm Geats, led by Beowulf! See, I told you he would get here. So Beowulf right? This guy is just the coolest. Hrothgar has known him since he was a kid, and since then Beowulf has made something of a name for himself doing some monster slaying. So Hrothgar asks what's Beowulf's plan for dealing with Grendel is and Beowulf is all like, "Well you know, I've been thinking. Grendel's not really a warrior 'cause he doesn't use weapons right? Well, I think it's only fair if when we fight, I don't use any weapons either!" And everyone's like, "That... That's a great idea!" But an impending fistfight with a terrifying murderous giant is no reason not to party. Actually, in Nordic cultures, it was specifically a reason to party. So they get down with their bad selves in the Heorot for a while, but one of the warriors is doubtful of Beowulf's abilities! So this guy Unferth is like; "Hey Beowulf! I heard you lost a week-long swimming contest to your buddy Breka! Now how am I supposed to expect a loser like you to beat Grendel?" And Beowulf is like; "I'm afraid it's true. After swimming for a solid week in full plate armor. I'm afraid I can't say that I beat Breka. But in my defense, I was slightly slowed down by the nine sea monsters I killed along the way! Ooooooo!" So night falls and Beowulf prepares himself for the upcoming battle by dumping all of his armor and weapons and waiting in the Heorot for Grendel to come a-stomping by. And soon enough, Grendel busts down the door and encounters Beowulf. So they beat the ever-loving crap out of each other for a while and tear up the Heorot like crazy, and Beowulf wins by ripping off Grendel's arm with his bare hands. Hah! He's been... Disarmed. So Grendel flips out and runs back to the lake to bleed out in peace, Beowulf gives Grendel's arm to Hrothgar to hang from the Heorot's rafters, and having completed the 'Kill Grendel' quest, King Hrothgar showers Beowulf with rewards, gives him access to his halls and gear, and probably also lets him buy a house in Whiterun. Unferth, that guy from earlier, apologizes for doubting Beowulf's abilities and gives him an heirloom sword named Hrunting as an apology present. They all start fixing up the Heorot, then use their newly repaired mead hall to get blackout drunk. Life is good. Until Grendel's mother storms into the hall, murders Hrothgar's trusted adviser, grabs Grendel's arm and vanishes into the night. So Hrothgar sends Beowulf to track down Grendel's mother and avenge the murdered Thane, (Aeschere for those of you who care) and Beowulf starts hunting her down. They track her through a variety of cartoonishly evil locations and end up at the Lake of Monsters, where they find a Aeschere's head along with a veritable menagerie of sea monsters. Beowulf prepares for battle by putting on his heavy armor and cannon-balling into the lake to confront Grendel's mother, who lives at the bottom. For those of you concerned with his well-being, don't worry too much. Beowulf's lungs are the size of train cars and the solid day it takes for him to hit lake bottom does little more than bore him. But his boredom is soon over since as soon as he gets close to the bottom Grendel's mother ambushes him and drags him into her cave. Which is actually a pretty nice local. Anyway They do glorious battle, but Beowulf sword Hrunting utterly fails to hurt her in any way. So he resorts to his tried-and-true method of using sick, nasty wrestling maneuvers. Unfortunately Grendel's mother finds this effort utterly unimpressive and just starts trying to stab him a whole bunch. But luckily for beowulf Grendel's mother has a bit of a hoarding problem, and her cave is absolutely full of nifty Magical Weaponry. So he grabs a shiny looking sword that turns out to be super magical and manages to kill her with it. Then after some searching he finds Grendel's Corpse and decapitates it to bring his head back as a present for Hrothgar. A funny story about that, as it turns out both Grendel and Grendel's mother were totally immune to Mortal weapons. But that sword Beowulf grabbed had been forged by giants and was thus capable of hurting them. Why Grendel's mother kept the one thing capable of killing her within arm's reach is probably the subject of much scholarly debate. Unfortunately this kick-ass magical sword appears to have been one use only. Since after Beowulf uses it to decapitate Grendel the blade straight-up dissolves. So Beowulf swims back to the surface with Grendel's head and the swords hilt both of which he gives to Hrothgar. He's showered with gifts again, partying happens, Etc, Etc. Then Beowulf and the Yates, having done all the monster slaying they felt obligated to do, sail back to their homeland where Beowulf presents their King Hygelac with a bunch of treasure and is lauded as a great hero. As thanks, King Hygelac gives him a fancy sword, a bunch of land and a really nice house. My God, this is Skyrim. But before we go any farther, let's talk about that one use only sword because it's actually really interesting. So first of all, the hilt is carved with vaguely biblical scenes about how the giants were wiped out by the great flood, in an effort by God to wipe out all evil. The hilt is also covered in Norse Runes implied to be some kind of Magic. Which is interesting because traditionally, Pagan Magic and Christianity didn't exactly get along. And the other cool thing about this sword is that it was described as damascened. That is having been put through the process to create Damascus steel. Now for those of you who don't know: Damascus steel is a legendarily tough metal who's forging process has been lost. Which has endlessly frustrated modern metallurgists since there are a ton of Damascus steel blades lying around and you'd think we'd be able to reverse-engineer something. But noooo. Every time we try we just keep finding weirder and weirder things about Damascus steel that makes us want to know how to make it even more. For instance not only do the blades look super cool and Magic, kind of like liquid metal, they've actually been shown to contain Carbon nanotubes. Carbon Goddamn nanotubes. How does that even happen?! But anyway back to Beowulf. so king Hygelac and his next of kin go the way of all bad asses and Beowulf finds himself crowned king of the Yates. So he manages to rule without incident for a solid 50 years. That is until some rando manages to piss off a DRAGON by stealing a cup from its horde and hey guess what? Beowulf has another monster to fight. For background, the dragon had been chilling for the past God-knows-how-long in a barrow full of gold. The barrow was a burial mound for a troop of warriors from some ancient and noble race and it had been filled to bursting with Fancy Treasure. The dragon lived there undisturbed until some Trixie Hobbit snuck in and stole his favorite teacup or something. The dragon objects to this rather strenuously and decides to hunt down the thief the old-fashioned way. By burning everything in sight on the principle that he's got to hit the criminal eventually. And hey, if this is reminding you of anything... Yeah, that isn't a coincidence. Tolkien was a fan of the classics. But the dragon pisses off the wrong Yate when he torches Beowulf's house. So Beowulf does this thing and decides to challenge the dragon to single combat. So Beowulf in his 12 backup dancers go track down the dragon, bringing with them both the thief and the stolen shiny thing. Now you might think that using weapons to kill a 100-foot fire-breathing hellspawn could be considered poor sportsmanship. But Beowulf acknowledges that trying to barehanded wrestle a goddamn dragon might not end well for him. So he brings that fancy sword Hygelac gave him. It's called Naegling, it's an heirloom, and it's shiny as hell. But that doesn't matter for very long since it snaps and half three seconds into the fight. God they go through swords like coffee filters around here. So the majority of Beowulf's posse bails and skedaddles into the woods all except for one a bloke named Wiglaf, one of Beowulf's kinsmen who couldn't stand Idly by and watch Beowulf be mildly inconvenienced by a tidal wave of hellfire. So Wiglaf rushes to Beowulf, say just in time for the dragon to get in a lucky hit and bite Beowulf clean through the neck! Now you might think this would be a problem for Beowulf. Well then you haven't been paying any attention of course. Naaaaah, Beowulf uses this opportunity to go for his dagger while Wiglaf manages to find a soft spot in the Dragon's armor and gets in a hit. Whereupon Beowulf finishes the job with his trusty knife so now the battle is over you'd think Beowulf would start succumbing to that gaping neck wound of his right? Naaaaah He's too cool to succumb to a little thing like a massive blood loss. On the other hand deadly Dragon poison could certainly pose a problem. So Beowulf's actually dying and he's like; "Wiglaf, come closer. I have one last request. Could you go drag the treasure out of the barrow so I can take one last look at the riches I just won?" Yeah, so Wiglaf slips into the barrow and comes back out with an armload of the shiniest of the treasure and Beowulf is like; "Thanks kid, have fun being the next king and dies. So Wiglaf, now King Wiglaf, exiles the 11 dudes who ran away from the dragon and the Yates retrieved the rest of the dragon's treasure and hold Beowulf's funeral. Then they set up a kick-ass barrow for Beowulf, reburying the dragon's treasure in with him. Where according to the text it remains to this day. Don't get your hopes up though. Some dragon probably already called dibs.

  Top Comments:
  1. @guywhosnamestartswithz2520 [1 likes]: To be fair, the same could be said for Grendel’s Mother hoarding a sword that could harm her could easily be said for any person who owns a sword 😂
  2. @Ratstail91 [1 likes]: Angelina Jolie was not available for comment.
  3. @Mak10z: That Door was made of mahogany.. not just ANY Mahogany.  That is Mahogany from the planet Malchior 7, where the trees are 300 feet tall and breathe fire. Forged 2,000 years ago using ancient blood rituals of the Malchior people, this wood makes for a nigh-indestructible DOOR that can bend the fabric of the universe itself—also, it's a very fine material, very expensive.
  4. @md88kg: Breeeeeathe, slow down. Go to the toilet BEFORE the recording. 
Now redo.
  5. @afdyyy: idk how i ended up here. studying for my english final.
  6. @Jakob-b4b: I think you must have meant something different than general Damascus. We can make Damascus just fine
  7. @Kellerwerks: 1:00
I know the artist who created that Godzilla silhouette. It's been used so much that's almost public domain now. He's lost a lot of money from copyright infringement...
  8. @gupdoo3: "Sounds like you're feeding shelter cats to cougars" but it's "sounds like you're feeding Nords to Grendel"
  9. @bigdaddydudely2002: Make this into Dr Suess book please
  10. @jonathandover-p5y: The nephilim being killed by the flood is a Jewish thing not a Christian thing
  11. @Sundown_editz: 0:56 sounds like demon slayer
  12. @jcsl9216: Modern Damascus steel is typically pattern-welded steel, which mimics the aesthetic of ancient wootz steel while improving material properties. It involves stacking layers of high-carbon and nickel-rich steels, forge welding them together, and repeatedly folding and hammering the billet to create intricate patterns. The contrasting steels provide a combination of hardness, flexibility, and corrosion resistance.
(not mine )
  13. @Teddy-TK14: My favorite part about the 2007 movie is the when he (Beowulf) goes to go after Grendel, his mom (Angelina Jolie) says “Are you the one they call Beowulf, the Bee wolf, the bear?” It’s so amazing !!
  14. @MiloSalazar-c2n: 5:41: YEAH! I REALLY didn't like the portrayal of Grendel's mom in the 2007 animated movie. Like, when they first showed Grendel being soothed by his mom, I thought that, while Grendel was a giant deformed humanoid, his mom would look like a terrifying eldritch golden creature that's FAR scarier than her son. Then they show Grendel's mom, and it's NOT a monstrosity, but a sexy golden lady. My reaction was: WHAT!??! How did THAT give birth to THAT!?! So seeing you outright defy the movie by making the mom bigger and scarier than Grendel made me VERY happy. Thank you
  15. @juliosvideos: the only reason why im here right now is bc I have to write a whole essay based on Beowulf. the story's interesting tho nil
  16. @matthewfridley3773: That island is where the very real germanic tribe of the burgundys originated before they migrated and founded the kingdom of burgundy in what is now the nation of frances.
  17. @TRENTMAZING: My English midterm tomorrow covers Beowulf. Thank you for helping me study random YouTube lady
  18. @derkoolschrank: What it the music called when beowulf raises his cup and unferth is looking at him grimly?? Pweeze i wanna know it.
  19. @denisefguajardo: Oh, man!!  I was so completely stoked and was like, “Dude!  This summary is FIRE!” when I got so very close to the end and you decided to drop the GD…twice.  So much for being able to share it with my students.  Now, back to watching all of the boring (but clean) summaries. 😢
  20. @Fazzer-Theory: So the story is just Lord of the rings? You don’t need to describe every leaf on the darn tree.

- MARRY FOWLER MOURNS THE TRAGIC LOSS OF HER MOTHER WHILE NATHAN CLEAR..NRL FOREVER AFTER ASHES TEST..: Kind: captions Language: en Mary Fowler mourns the tragic loss of her mother while Nathan Clear prepare for marriage. Can the quiet closing of a mother's eyes in a Sydney hospice room cast a longer shadow than the brightest stadium lights even as wedding bells wait in the wings? The autumn light filtered through the jackaranda trees lining Coogi Beach, turning the ocean into a sheet of hammered gold on the morning grinds. Mary Fowler received the call no child ever prepares for. Her mother, Nurell, the Irish Australian woman whose lullabies had once soothed a toddler in Darwin's Tropical Nights, had taken her final breath after a battle with cancer that had unfolded far from the headlines. Please like, share, and subscribe for more sport talk content. Across town, in the manicured gardens of a Blue Mountains estate, Nathan Clearary knelt among scattered rose petals, rehearsing the proposal he had planned for months. the ring catching the sun like a promise yet to be spoken. He had no idea that the woman he loved was already kneeling beside a hospital bed, holding a hand that would never again braid her hair before a Matilda's match. Their worlds once synchronized in the rhythm of grand finals and World Cup dreams, now moved in different tempos, one toward celebration, the other toward farewell. Mary had flown home from Manchester City's preseason camp the moment the doctor's prognosis turned grim, trading European pitches for the sterile hush of Saint Vincent's paliotative care ward. The turning point arrived at 3:17 a.m. The hour when cities hold their breath. Mary sat alone with Nurell. The monitors reduced to a soft at steady beep that sounded like the final seconds of extra time. She whispered the stories her mother loved. The goal against Canada, the penalty shootout against France, the way Nathan's eyes had found hers across a crowded recovery room and refused to let go. Narell's fingers, thin but still strong from years of shaping young footballers in Darwin's dusty ovals, tightened around Mary's. "Promise me you'll keep running, love," she murmured, her voice a fragile thread. "Not away from the pain, but through it. And when that boy asks, say yes. I want to see you happy from wherever I'm headed. Then her grip slackened and the room filled with a silence deeper than any stadium's roar. Mary stayed until sunrise, tracing the freckles across her mother's cheek the way she once traced opponents on a tactics board. Outside the first magpies began their mournful calls, as if the Australian dawn itself understood the weight of a daughter's goodbye. Nathan arrived an hour later, still in his training gear, the ring box burning against his heart. He found Mary in the corridor, her eyes red but dry, as though the tears had been spent in private. Without a word, he folded her into his arms, the proposal unspoken, but understood. Some moments demand presence, not questions. The aftermath unfolded gently, like petals falling from a jackaranda in the wind. The Matilda's Life official account posted a single black and white photo of Narell at a junior tournament, arms raised in triumph as a 10-year-old Mary scored her first goal. The caption read simply, "Forever our number one fan. Rest easy, Narell." Social media, usually a storm of speculation, became a garden of remembrance. Fans shared stories of Narell's quiet generosity, driving carloads of kids to training, sewing numbers onto jerseys at midnight, teaching Irish jigs in the change rooms to calm pre-match nerves. Thank you, Narell trended alongside photos of Mary's goals dedicated skyward, now understood as salutes to the woman who had taught her to fly. In Darwin, the local club renamed its main pitch Narell Fowler Field, the ceremony attended by Matilda's past and present. Sam Kerr placed a bouquet of white roses at the center circle, whispering, "She made our skipper fearless." The gesture rippled across the football community. A reminder that every prodigy stands on the shoulders of parents who never sought the spotlight. The wedding plans, initially paused, evolved into something deeper. Nathan and Mary chose a small ceremony in the northern rivers hinterland where jackarandas bloomed purple against green hills, a living tribute to Narell's favorite flower. The guest list shrank to family and the teammates who had become kin, each invited to bring a story instead of a gift. Reflection settles like evening mist over the training grounds where Mary now runs alone at dawn, her breath visible in the cool air. Grief, she has learned, is not a weight to be lifted, but a companion to be carried. Its presence sharpening every touch of the ball, every decision on the field. This moment reveals the quiet architecture of love in professional sport. How Nathan's proposal became not a question, but a vow to walk through the valley with her. How Mary's mourning has deepened her leadership. Her voice in the Matilda's huddle now carrying the calm authority of someone who has stared down life's hardest tackle. [clears throat] Sportsmanship finds its truest expression not in victory laps but in the way teammates formed a guard of honor at the funeral. Their arms linked like a defensive wall against despair. It lives in the Penri Panthers players who sent a jersey signed by every squad member. The message scrolled across the back for Narell who taught our brother how to love. Legacy for a mother who never played professionally is measured in the daughter who now mentors young indigenous players with the same patience Narell once showed her. It blooms in the scholarship fund Mary established in her mother's name, ensuring Darwin kids with big dreams but small means can chase the ball without chasing rent money. The human spirit. This story whispers, "Bends but does not break under dual currents of joy and sorrow." Nathan's ring, now on Mary's finger, catches the light differently since the funeral. It holds not just a promise of forever, but a testament to love's capacity to expand in the presence of loss. What does it mean to build a future on the foundation of farewell? For Mary and Nathan, it is found in the small rituals. Planting a jackaranda sapling at their new home. Mary reading Narell's old letters aloud on quiet nights. Nathan learning to cook her mother's Irish stew with the reverence of a rookie studying game tape. Mary's own words came in a handwritten note slipped into the wedding programs. Her script as steady as her left foot. Mom, you said to keep running through the pain. Today I run toward joy, carrying you in every heartbeat. Your lessons were my first coach, your love my endless stadium. Watch us build the life you dreamed for me. In a podcast recorded the week before the wedding, she spoke softly. People think grief dims you. It doesn't. It sharpens the edges of everything. Love feels deeper. Laughter louder. Even the grass under my boots more alive. Nathan didn't just propose marriage. He proposed partnership in the messiness of being human. Nathan, usually guarded with the media, opened up in a rare interview. I thought the grand final was pressure. Then I watched Mary say goodbye to her hero and still show up for training the next day. That's courage. The ring. It's my way of saying I'll never ask her to be anything less than the warrior her mom raised. At the ceremony under a canopy of jackaranda blossoms. Mary added her own vow. I promise to honor your absence by living twice as fiercely to love Nathan with the wholeheartedness you taught me to mother our children one day with your wild grace and quiet strength. As the 2026 seasons approach, Mary returns to Manchester wearing a small jackaranda pendant. Nathan to Penri with a new tattoo of coordinates marking the hospice garden where he first held her through the night. Their love story, once a fairy tale of sporting royalty, has matured into something richer. A testament to building light from shadow. This union, born in the intersection of celebration and sorrow, becomes rugby and football's quiet anthem to resilience. It reminds every young athlete watching that the greatest victories are not scored on fields but forged in the private arenas of loss and

- Career OVER? Club Doctor LEAKS DEVASTATING News On Reece Walsh Halfback 😱: Kind: captions Language: en Career over. Club doctor leaks devastating news on Reese Walsh. Halfback. Can a young lightning bolt like Reese Walsh, who carried the Brisbane Broncos to premiership glory and dazzled the world in green and gold, truly face a crossroads where whispers of shifting to halfback emerge, not as a threat to his career, but as the ultimate testament to his boundless versatility and unbreakable spirit. In the glowing aftermath of the 2025 NRL season, where the Brisbane Broncos ended a 19-year drought with a thrilling grand final triumph over Melbourne, Reese Walsh stood tall as the Clive Churchill medal winner. His electrifying runs and clutch plays etching him into club folklore. Yet, as the offseason dawned in December 2025, quiet discussions surfaced within rugby league circles about the evolving demands on his body and the strategic possibilities for a player whose vision and flare transcend traditional positions. Please like, share, and subscribe for more sport talk content. The context unfolded against the backdrop of a monumental year. Ree overcoming earlier knee concerns and minor setbacks to deliver a grand final masterclass. stepping up when veterans fell injured around him. At just 23, with Mori heritage fueling his warrior ethos, he had already navigated facial fractures in past seasons, emerging stronger each time. His recovery stories inspiring teammates and fans alike. Brisbane's spine, once anchored by aging halves, now look to the future, prompting thoughtful reflections from coaches on how best to preserve Reese's explosive gifts for years to come. No devastating leak shattered the piece. Instead, a respectful dialogue about his long-term role with some pondering if elements of playmaking from halfback could complement his fullback magic. The turning point crystallized in postseason reviews where Reese's ability to orchestrate attacks seen vividly when he guided the side through injury crisis sparked admiration from figures like Ben Hunt. Crowd reactions during the grand final replayed endlessly. Fans roaring as Ree sprinted to support concussed teammates. His leadership shining beyond mere statistics. Private conversations with club medical staff emphasized proactive care, monitoring the cumulative toll of high impact collisions on a frame that dances with such daring grace. No club doctor breached confidence with grim revelations. Rather, the narrative honored Reese's resilience, his history of bouncing back from setbacks like PCL issues earlier in the year. That moment of speculation felt symbolic, a nod to his growth, where versatility becomes the bridge to sustained excellence. The story spread softly through media and fan discussions. Clips of Reese's grand final heroics juxtaposed with highlights of his intuitive passing and decision-making. Social feeds buzzed with pride, supporters celebrating how injuries to others had unlocked his deeper playmaking instincts, earning praise for stepping into organizing roles. Historical parallels drew in legends who adapted positions late in careers, deepening appreciation for rugby league's tactical evolution. This dialogue enriched the offseason, tying into broader conversations about player welfare and the Pacific heritage that breeds multi-skilled warriors like Ree. It highlighted Brisbane's golden era, fresh off Premiership Joy and a revived World Club Challenge on the horizon. Fans shared emotional tributes, recounting how Reese's journey from junior prodigy to premiership hero mirrored their own dreams of overcoming adversity. What does this chapter reveal about the essence of greatness? That true stars adapt, evolve, and protect their flame, turning potential challenges into opportunities for even brighter legacy. It speaks to humanity's resilience, the quiet courage in embracing change to prolong a gift that inspires millions. Reese's path reflects sportsmanship at its finest, humility in the face of physical demands, gratitude for the body's warnings, and wisdom in strategic growth. In a game that tests limits, his story underscores character, the strength to listen to experts, prioritize longevity, and lead through example. This moment affirms values of foresight, teamwork, and the profound respect for heritage that guides decisions beyond the spotlight. It inspires us all. Careers aren't defined by one position, but by the heart's unwavering commitment to the game and those it touches. In his grand final reflections, Ree spoke of gratitude. Overcoming those earlier knocks made this win sweeter. Family, teammates, they carried me through. With humility on his role, he added, "I just want the ball when it matters. Wherever that puts me, I'll give everything for the Broncos." Reflecting growth amid injuries, Ree noted, "Every setback teaches you about patience, about trusting the process with the docs and coaches." On versatility, he shared perspective. I've learned to read the game deeper this year. It's all about helping the team win, no matter how. Another insight revealed maturity. Heritage keeps me grounded. My people fought harder battles. This is just footy. His words carried hope. I'm excited for what's next. Stronger, smarter, ready to build on this premiership. As December's sun sets on a triumphant year, Reese Walsh's legacy gleams brighter, untarnished by fear, enriched by thoughtful evolution. This narrative transcends positions or rumors, celebrating the emotional depth of a young man's journey in rugby league. Ultimately, Reese's story reminds us no career faces an end when built on resilience. The most devastating news is often the catalyst for the greatest comebacks. respectful, inspiring

- Crows and Giants Boosted as Roos Make Big Changes for Round 22: Kind: captions Language: en You're watching Mirror 7 News. Stay informed. Stay ahead for more news. This Sunday's AFL action is shaping up to be a real talking point with several big names returning, surprise inclusions, and some tough omissions across the board. For Adelaide, Rory Leair is making his way back into the side after being managed last week. His versatility has been praised all season, adapting from a long stint in the midfield to excelling across halfback. He's joined by Chris Burgess, who's been rewarded for a standout SNFL season. 48 goals in 15 matches doesn't go unnoticed. Burgess has been recognized for his leadership and consistency, finally getting his AFL opportunity. Luke Peddler also returns after impressing coaches with his physicality and impact at ground level in the reserves. But while the Crows are strengthened in some areas, they'll be without veteran forward Taylor Walker, who's being managed for the trip west. And both Braden Cook and Brody Smith have been left out. The challenge for Adelaide is to maintain momentum after last week's win over Hawthorne as they face West Coast at Optis Stadium. Speaking of West Coast, they've made three changes with Jack Graham returning from a four-ame suspension, Matt Flynn slotting back into the ruck, and Sandy Brock coming in down back. Missing for them are Harry Edwards, Bailey Williams, and Tyrell Dwir. The Eagles will be aiming to give their home fans something to cheer about against a crow's side fighting to stay in the hunt. In Canra, Greater Western Sydney have regained their captain and star forward Toby Green after his oneweek suspension. Max Kruvki also comes in, replacing the managed Jesse Hogan. The Giants will be eyeing a strong performance to boost their finals chances. North Melbourne meanwhile have rung in four changes headlined by the return of Ruckman Tristan Axeri and Bailey Scott plus two debutants Jordy Payne and Cooper Trenth. Trembath's rise from suburban football to AFL within a matter of months is the stuff of footy dreams. Out of the side are suspended forward Paul Curtis, injured spearhead Nick Larky, and two others due to injury or omission. And in Melbourne, the Demons will give defender Jed Adams his debut against an unchanged Western Bulldog side in the BCNA Pink Lady game at the MCG. Adams replaces Harry Sharp who's been omitted. It's a clash with added emotion as tributes and awareness efforts for breast cancer take center stage. So whether it's a veteran returning to steady the ship, a rookie seizing a career-changing moment, or a club's captain leading from the front, this Sunday's round of matches has no shortage of storylines. Expect energy, intensity, and maybe a few surprises before the final siren sound. Stay subscribed for more videos.

- Bulldogs' Halfback Dilemma: Is Galvin the Right Fit?: Kind: captions Language: en The spotlight is once again on Lachlan Galvin as the Bulldogs face mounting doubts over his position as their halfback. Following yet another disappointing loss to the Cowboys, questions are swirling about whether the Bulldogs made the right call in reshaping their spine last season to fit Galvin into the number seven jersey. Despite being one of the more active players on the field, Galvin's effectiveness as a chief playmaker remains under scrutiny. I can't really understand moving him to be honest, remarked Braith Anista after the Bulldogs 28 to12 defeat. While it's clear that Galvvin brings energy and intensity to the game, his inability to unlock the potential of those around him has led to a stagnant attack. With each match, it becomes more evident that the Bulldogs may have misjudged Galvin's fit in the team, especially with the departure of Ston. as his fellow players switch positions frequently. Forming consistent combinations has proven to be a challenge. Galvin, who scored the first try against the Cowboys and made an impressive 14 runs for 108 m, is not the one to blame for the Bulldog struggles. But it raises the question, can he adapt to the needs of the team? Analysts are voicing concerns that the current spine lacks creativity, particularly from the hooker position. Bayy Hayward thrust into the role last year has yet to bring the necessary playmaking skills to support Galvin and Hav's partner Matt Burton. The Bulldogs attack is being hampered by their reliance on players who are primarily runners, limiting opportunities for other key players to shine. As the season progresses, the Bulldogs need to address these issues quickly or risk falling further behind in the league. Fans and pundits alike are eagerly awaiting a response from coach Cameron Saldo, who hinted at potential team changes as the Bulldog slump continues. Will he make the tough decisions needed to turn the team's fortunes around? Only time will tell, but the pressure is on for both Galvin and Saraldo to deliver results as the season unfolds.

- Who should Australia pick at halfback? | Wide World of Sports: Kind: captions Language: en the world cup in the uk later this year and that big talking point who wears the seven the incumbent ali terry evans who was a part of the last australian team which will be three years ago keeping in mind they lost this match to tonga in quite remarkable circumstances but gus this is how they lined up on that day teddy at the back the fox and cartridge on the wings latrell and jack white and the centers the queensland halves combo of munster and cherry evans cookie was it dummy half papalii and dave clemmer making up the front row according to the captain who of course we know has since retired tyson fraziel jake's boyfriend's the back row and then ken murray painthouse paulhorn wade graham just how different will this side look and what do you do about the halves gus we've got another 10 weeks [Laughter] why why are we asking this question now is this just to be controversial because we won't be on air after the season's okay so yeah we've got it they've got so far to go i mean penrith will win the com cleary will be clive churchill middle winning are they going to leave him out of playing australian artifact terry evans you know they'll take them both across of course they will they'll play a couple of games each year and then the decision will be who plays in the final by then monster might have got hurt they might have to play together why are you making a decision now wait until the medical journal beautifully handled but this play you know like like he'll be the klept churchill medal winner this year penrith will win the grand final he'll be the club churchill medal winner dally cherry evans might have been out of the conference six we should have forgotten his name by the way does it make a difference cherry evans is 33 probably will be his last ever world cup is the incumbent half back did win the origin series yeah clear he's only i'm an honorary i am an unabashed daily cherry evans admirer i have been his whole career ever since he came into first grade and i think he's been a a wonderful wonderful for seals wonderful for queensland he's had his ups and downs but he's a really mature leadership player and they're going to need someone like that over in the world cup for sure you know nathan cleary hasn't played in that environment across there in these types of games and hasn't played that test match football you know you've got to take people over there that have done it before i think clary by the end of the year will have proven that he deserves to be the half back but you need daily cherry evans in the squad i had to admit i think it's going to be dc i think dc at the moment deserves it i agree with what you're saying there's so much footage to play between now and then but i think if we're regarding state of origin as a genuine trial game which it used to be for the australian team the fact that queensland has won it dc played so well game one and three three in particular um you know he probably deserves it at the moment as much as it pains me to say what do you make of all the talk post origin gus of nathan being a a good front runner and not someone that you're background don't agree with it yeah absolutely you've got to find something to talk about well that's not my opinion but i think nathan should be the number seven for australian bloody media well look james goes full back then he'll fall back this time around but tommy turbo where's he at in the road to recovery michael it's an interesting one i made a couple of calls today james to see where tom traboyevich is at now he's tracking to he's tracking a play well he's probably unlikely to play for manly but if they wanted to he could probably be there or thereabouts prelim grand final time but for mel moninga he's considering him picking considering picking tom for that world cup squad uh given the fact that he'll be given the green light probably six weeks before they play their first game what was he what was it did he dislocate the shoulder how do they test if he's going to be right you can do as much testing okay that's six weeks you play a game of rugby league where people want to kill you okay you can't you can't test that you're an australian coach tom treboy which is he's fit for six weeks he hasn't played a game for six months you don't pick him i'm asking you do you no i don't you don't pick it when you haven't played a game for six months like game of rugby league for at least six months no even if there's games against minnows leading into the world cup no i don't okay no i don't know it's not fair and other players have played the whole season and it's just not the right thing to do the right thing by him there's you'll be saying tommy yeah dad's going to let him go but there's going to be players who haven't played for two months by the time the world cup but then they go on their train they play their multiplayer papa guinea team which they've done in the past i can't believe we're talking about world cup selection andre the floor manager can't do anything [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @88Meady [1 likes]: Brooks hands down
  2. @michaeln537 [1 likes]: Luke brooks half back. Matt dufty full back. Matt lodge player coach and captain.
  3. @godemperorofmankind3.091: Well Gus was right. Panthers won the GF. but he was wrong because Edwards got Clive Churchill
  4. @BadToTheBone666: Won't matter the Kiwis are gonna win the world cup lol
  5. @constantine2318: Easy whoever doesn’t wear gay pride 🏳️‍🌈 rubbish on jersey
  6. @JayYoung313: 1. Tedesco
2. Oates
3. Burton
4. Mitchell
5. Cobbo
6. Munster
7. Cleary
8. Haas
9. Hunt
10. Trbojevic
11. Capewell
12. Carrigan
13. Yeo
  7. @eddiediesel9035: Australia has too many good players to choose from. We don't have that problem in New Zealand.
  8. @andrewlehner3352: I think Cherry Evans will choke as Aussie halfback like he does in big games for Manly
  9. @johnrambo6010: Cherry-evans is no.7 💯
  10. @winstoncampbell6180: Both are epic take em both !!
  11. @oldenshort1346: Depends on the other positional selections, if the blues get the roles around the half back then Cleary should be Half and vice versa.
Makes sense to choose players who know each others play best.
  12. @cg401: DCE sucks
  13. @jbeash: Chammas is drunk....pick turbo.... despite him not playing for 6 months...clown. Gallen is correct, you can't pick him
  14. @BlokeNaGig: Also, Ponga's a heaps more damaging player than Tedesco. But Tedesco will get picked for AUS because that's just the level he's been overrated to.
  15. @Samebz: DCE 🦅!!!!!!!!
  16. @ronaldmcdonald7875: Hello
  17. @RBsports12: I dont get it they should be talking about the fullback tedesco is good but their are way better fullbacks right now. Ryan papenhuyzen and scott drink water are both 2 capable fullbacks on winning teams.
  18. @RBsports12: DCE needs to ne at halfback. In my opinion the halves of australia should be made up of the origin halves who won origin. Boom solved mumster and DCE. Yes clearly is good but australia need experience.
  19. @Will-nb8qk: 1. James Tedesco
2. Josh Addo-Carr
3. Latrell Mitchell
4. Valentine Holmes
5. Corey Oates
6. Cameron Munster
7. Daley Cherry-Evans (C)
8. Payne Haas/ David Klemmer
9. Damien Cook
10. Christian Welsh/ Lindsay Collins
11. Kurt Capewell
12. Jake Turbo
13 Patrick Carrigan

14. Ben Hunt
15. Cameron Murray
16. Tino Fa’asuamaleaui
17. Isaah Yeo
18. Lindsay Collins
  20. @KillAWhale666: Mitch Moses should get it before DCE! But Cleary is the best in game at present

- ALL NEW HALFBACK! #FM24: Kind: captions Language: en there are some out there who are going to tell you that a halfback is one of the best roles in the game today I'm going to explain why he can play differently under different circumstances and how some of those circumstances can bring out the best in that role so we've got Atlanta here the first uh configuration is like a backf like this you got two Central Defenders are halfback and two Wing backs halfback this year when he drops in they split a bit wider and the wing backs uh become a bit more attacking now if I play this kind of a setup chances are there'll be a lot of play that goes on the flanks because uh these Central Defenders are just going to play Simple passes these Wing backs are going to be higher up the pitch you see a lot of the ball moving down the flanks and then coming in again here our halfback doesn't have any traits he has passing of 12 vision of 12 concentration of 12 I mean he has this is a b basic um like as far as I can tell ball winning midfielder here we've got the goalkeeper on the ball with two Central Defenders and a halfback so so if the halfback is an easy passing opportunity he might bring the ball forward now if he goes to the central Defenders it's going to be a simple pass now he goes out to The Wing back the wing back goes down the flanks he finds another Winger he goes to the central midfielder loses the ball the wing backs get the ball again you can see uh right now the shape of our defense with the halfback here the two Central Defenders and the wing backs are launching the attacks so the halfback in a typical setup with the back four is acting like an auxiliary Defender so next we're going to change the uh roles at the back to ball playing Defenders to see what kind of difference that makes the opposition have a throw in um you can see that we look a bit messy now we've gone into a line of five with the halfback over here the opposition has the ball I'm expecting the halfback to move up slightly and take up a DM position he sweeps up in front of them and then sticks around make sure hold still becomes one more Central Defender again I think for some of you you may be wondering how does he look like when he's the team needs to defend now the opposition have the ball at this point the halfback is in the center as the ball goes down the halfback is in a good position and he tracks the target once he enters his Zone tries to take the ball of him um they defend reasonably well but the halfback does do some pressing one thing you're going to have to expect with a halfback anytime a central Defender pushes up like he has in this case then the halfback is going to take over his position I love using halfbacks with ball playing Defenders when a halfback plays with a ball playing Defender we can do these kind of things we can pull teams out of position we don't play Too Many simple passes we do well we keeping the ball dragging the opposition around looking to stretch them this is where the halfback excels now he will be great at building out play and helping us move the team along but he doesn't play any significant part in attacking transitions he usually stays back so the fm24 halfback and the FM 23 halfback they're totally different um with a diamond I expect him to behave the same way but what happens when we use him in a more funky setup so here we have a 42 31 is fairly simple got a wing back on attack here we probably turn this let's turn this guy onto a cover Duty just for the fun of it right so we got half back here let's see how far he will drop and um yeah let's go same game different tactic so once again we're going to use ad Doo as our half immediately you can see the inclination to drop into the hole right we've got them moving you can see the positioning is already beginning to start from kickoff we've got one two three the central Defender actually shifted slightly to the left right from the kickoff he has made a move right this is where they were at kickoff and immediately after kickoff he makes a slight move to the left he comes in over here you can actually see the move immediately there we go he receives the pass and our half back back has dropped into this hole to play like a white center back this is significant because it means that uh we can actually use these guys on attacking roles more but notice the difference now as we attacking the halfback is now taking a more active role in the transition he's pushing forward he's still there he's gone right into the attacking third the fullback has coming the center back covers the halfback now plays it out and then he finds the Winger and we score our first goal it's definitely different so if we were to use the halfback in a 42 31 offset which is currently in my opinion one of the more funky ways of using him we can get some really interesting buildups right now we've swung from one end of the pitch the halfback forms the defensive anchor on the right side as we es cardinia our way into scoring a goal now the reason why I'm using this particular setup is because this will make this flank a bit more attacking so why did I go with this particular setup because we've got a wing back he's going to give us width he's going to attack us on the flank these two will probably attack quite aggressively our ball playing Defender will drop back if needed uh during the buildout phase yeah they become a five but the moment the ball goes to the wing back the halfback and the wing back hold hold hands and they charge down the flank together which gives us an excellent opportunity to create an attacking pattern that involves two rols I'm always looking for a tactical reset because I want to know where that halfback goes and starts again because it's always a good clue now we've got the halfback we're taking a set piece here the halfback is in this position we've got two players here both of them are Wing backs so I'm expecting to see several players swap positions again the wing backs will return to the attacking positions we get to hold on to the ball so the play is made we we go back you can see One Wing back now we see the swapping occur balish gets the ball adopo moves here One Wing back is here the other Wing back is still here he goes to the left this Wing back is attacking the two Central Defenders have dropped back into their defensive positions but look at where the halfback is he's playing like a white center back so this is what's going to happen when we have the setup done like this where we have a wing back and a halfback in proximity to each other close proximity to each other so the halfback is supporting the play of the wing back halfback goes back now goes into the center supports play we're able to shift out now the moment the attack goes this way he becomes a defensive anchor this is a be this is one of the best ways currently I find of of using the halfback at the moment because it's something I've always wanted to be able to do uh where we might be able to use anchors a bit more now you can see how the Central Defenders have shifted up one Central Defender has gone all the way up to this corner while this Wing back has gone down to attack so what is happened in a this setup it stretched our Central Defenders really wide now you might be wondering I might have stayed wider on that um ball playing Defender I don't this is the reason why I love to use halfbacks with ball playing Defenders ball playing Defenders with good ball playing Defenders you can bring the ball out if needed you can stretch defenses is probably the best way I know of to use a halfback in the game of course you can use the halfback with weaker teams um using Central Defenders you might not get the same effect but what I do expect to see even in those kind of setups where you use two Central Defenders the halfback will play like a white center back in an asymmetric system where he's an offset halfback or even in a Double D system where you have two DMS he plays offset look at what about the halfback this not so and look at uh look at where look at where our halfback is so he's gone up he's playing as a white Central Defender but now he ends up in the center like a typical DM we get a great chance um the halfback now as the wing back goes attacking he's quite far back he's like one of the back four goes forward you can see the halfback coming up he's in line with the other Wing back they go up we attacking this side the halfback shifts to the center it's not a bad way of playing the halfback I think now it's time for us to turn the heat up on the halfback in unorthodox setups the halfback reverts to being a bit of FM 23 and it will happen if you do some weird setups like you know you've got an inverted fullback here we've got a ball playing Defender here we've got a hole here that needs to be filled obviously we think the half is going to rotate right but there's no one to rotate with him because there's no Central Defender to rotate with him he doesn't rotate he does help us play the ball out from the defense but he's going to take part in the attacking transitions this is a fairly unorthodox setup but if the the players at the back have got good jumping reach what can happen very simple the ball goes over the top the halfback is in a very good position he's going to take part in the attacking transition because we kind of not playing by the same rules Again by using back Force I don't know if SI is going to change this whether they're going to we it because the halfback definitely plays differently if you're using a a unique setup like this so you've got certain unique setups where the halfback actually reverts to playing like a defensive midfielder from FM 23 and then gives us the same play out from the back for fm24 here the ball goes up we're not playing out from the back we're taking part the attacking transition but watch what the halfback does he moves he gets into the center and then receives the ball unchallenged now this is huge for for me because it means that I can pick players for this position and got great passing Vision decisions maybe they have killer balls flare if they have flare and I'm using um and he has uh takes more risks he can threat balls between the lines and I can definitely create goal scoring opportunities if that doesn't work fm24 is also good for Long Shots then we can set one up fm24 positional play that involves rotations we've seen what the halfback can do the halfback rotates with a central defender in a back four and then plays like a central Defender when he's offset he rotates with a central Defender plays like a white center back when there's no Central Defender he kind of reverts to something like what we used to from FM 23 but this gives us a chance to use the positional play feature to do some interesting overloads well I hope I shed some light on how the halfback is playing and you uh intrigued enough to want to go and try him out in some of your tactics if you have questions you guys know where to find me meanwhile thank you for his support I hope you're looking after yourself I'll see you again very very soon bye-bye

  Top Comments:
  1. @speedphlux [24 likes]: I think this year, the game is going to be crazy with asymmetric formations and weird shapes. The positional play opened up the game so much, it's by far the best FM I've played so far, and I've been in this game since Championship Manager 2 !
  2. @kodawari1354 [7 likes]: Last year I had a 1998 database save for most of the year with benfica where I bought Lúcio and made him a libero on support, he's by far the best player I ever used on fm and it was my favorite role to use him in so experimenting with this year's fm and seeing how amazing liberos are makes me automatically love this game. I've been experimenting with brighton because of how well their defenders can dribble and it's just so amazing to see the things u can do on fm now. Daljit if you're reading this please keep posting this type of educative video I've never thought of using half backs as a supportive midfielder and never dreamed of seeing a half back rushing into the box like he's a segundo volante on attack, keep experimenting and keep sharing those experiments with us please.
  3. @razorman1977 [2 likes]: I wonder is the players positioning stat and decisions make a difference when playing these rolls. From what have seen, all players seem to move into the positions perfectly and i rarely see them out of position.  What are your thoughts on this please?
  4. @stevegrigg383 [2 likes]: I used the HB constantly in FM23 and will continue in FM24 especially now with the improved match play ... it is the best role in a four at the back using wing backs ... IMO
  5. @kelvinengland3991 [1 likes]: How about a back 3 with 2 bpd and a cb on cover? Do you think the Bpds will push up and make a box defence almost? Im gonna try it and see if it works like that and that should allow me to build from the back easier even with less technical players. I really like the half back too but ive only used it in a back four, worked brilliantly when i played a diamond at allowing the fullbacks to create width but that tactic stopped working for me as is the way on FM. I switched to an assymetric 33121 with a DM on defend and a CM on support. I may try the half back and see if it lets my wingbacks really push on. I could also look at dropping the CM back to play as a Volante on attack.
  6. @kriega2 [1 likes]: this is excellent, thanks!
  7. @javorgeorgiev6130 [1 likes]: I might have some OCD. I keep formations symmetrical even when I know I could use a role that requires me to break up the shape. I love the halfback, because I can't stand my defenders not carrying the ball and he allows them to do it freely.
  8. @megathrash8539 [1 likes]: The halfback in 4231 reminds me of the de jong role in Ajax
  9. @siredmunddorrance4350 [1 likes]: HB = Kimmich
  10. @shaihulud5441 [1 likes]: Damn it stop getting me excited, I can't afford the new game yet 😭
  11. @kelvinengland3991: It worked on my leeds save i used a Ampadu as Half back in a 4231 then a volante on attack with an iwb on support on the side with the volante. The AI hated it.thry just couldn't figure out where to go. I finished with 122 points in the championship and won the fa cup as a championship team. That was my first FM save since the old champ manager on Xbox.
  12. @alehe7903: could you do some training schedules for this year your ones last year were by far the best around
  13. @Ghostrobo1011: What’s the difference between playing a left footed winger on the right side and playing an inverted winger on the right side?

Saw a video where Salah was played as a winger on attack, he started out wide and once he got the ball he proceeded to cut in to his left foot. I understand that a winger will mostly cut in into their dominant foot from the wings. But if this is the case then what’s the difference when it comes to playing Salah as an inverted winger? If I had to guess it does the same thing? In both roles he’ll start out wide and proceed to cut in with the ball.
  14. @FootballWithTim: Good video. I love this.
  15. @chachol3ptico190: Thanks for the awesome explanation, a what if series like in fm22 adapting to new scenarios with the new game would be awesome! Loved the bayern leverkusen one!
  16. @David_D_R: That last formation with only one CB is an almost perfect recreation of the Hungarian 1950s defensive line out of Inverting the Pyramid!
  17. @victorvjung: I ever used one player that have DLP atributes as HB and uses the take more risks in the PI’s
  18. @sakkeist: Nice shirt! Torille!
  19. @Rags326: This is really exciting, I was worried we would not be able to replicate Emerys' system but maybe with these halfback changes it's possible. I would love to see a guide on Emerys' Villa tactical system up, it's one of the more interesting and difficult ones to replicate.
  20. @chunyinlau9577: Libero plus half back would be interesting

- Tips For Bagging and Boarding Comics: Kind: captions Language: en what is going on YouTube Chris Widger novels comics and pop culture doing a video today on bags and boards so I had a subscriber Scott if you're watching I saw your comment on my old video that I did about bags and boards and I wanted to come and address the questions and concerns you were having so for everyone watching I'm gonna go into this fresh for those that might not have seen my new video but hopefully first Scott I'm gonna the answer in your question on the boards that you should be finding for your specific bag so guys let's go into this I'm gonna I'm gonna primarily focus on mylar bags okay so what I what I have here and I like to use all different bags for whatever type of comment comic I am bagging and boarding so I'm using my light brands right now and we have what my light calls a current comic book bag at 7 inch width okay we have a standard comic book bag at 7 and 1/4 inch and we have what they call a silver and golden age at 7 and 3/4 inch now here's the thing if you're using bcw or any other mylar don't get caught up on the names when you're looking for your bags because different companies might call it different like for the standard that my light calls standard I do believe bcw calls them silver and for the silver and golden I believe bcw just calls them gold and so what I look for always is the size that's what matters it doesn't matter the name matters that you're getting the right size that you're looking for right now when it comes to using boards in these bags I am very very specific I like a very tight fitting board so what's very interesting with with the mylar bags is they're not the same size as your poly bags so a standard current see there I go I say standard in terms of current where my lights is calling their larger bag standards so current comic bags that are poly right they are six and seven-eighths inch but your current mylar bag are 7 so I don't use current boards for mylar even if the mylar bags are current because there's too much wiggle room so this is where I get particular right let me show you guys this right here now I believe a standard a standard current board that you would use with with the Polli what are they seven in in seven and five eighths or excuse me since six and five eighths are six and a half maybe I use a six and seven-eighths board with my current mylar bags and that is usually called a regular board and let me show you here's a bcw brand regular board okay they are six and seven eighths inch in width and they fit the current mylar bags perfectly so usually I want you guys to see the theme here we have a seven inch bag with the six and seven-eighths port usually you don't want to go down more than a couple eighths of an inch from board to bag right or you're gonna have a large gap from left to right so this one fits nice and tight and that's just the way I like it if I put a current board in this mylar bag it would be there'd be too much room and my OCD would be flaring okay so going into the 7 in 1 fourths bag right I use these for my Silver Age or early Bronze Age and Silver Age books because most of us know that at around the 25 cent bookmark for comics they started they made the width smaller on the books to the current modern size right well some early 25 centers are still gonna be too wide for the current mylar bag so you got to be careful when you're bagging and boarding a 25 cent book make sure it's ones that you know either fit in the the current or the the 7-1 for so so anything around what was that like 70 73 74 and earlier I'm still gonna put in a 7 and 1/4 it's back now what bag do I use or excuse me what board do I use for these that's where Scott was having an issue because I have a 1 comics out in my area right in Sacramento they cut their own boards their own boards are cut a little differently than your B CW's or your your prepackaged name-brand boards their boards labeled silver which is right here or measured at 7 and 1/8 inch and the 7 and one eighth inch fit perfectly in the 7 in 1/4 mile are bag so let's see if I have one here guys let me uh let me show you we will pull out a nice Silver Age book over here we'll bring that right back over here I'm gonna set it up here and you could see here that this is a 7 and 1/4 mile our bag with a 7 in 1/8 board and it fits front tight from left to right you see the white border around the book and we're gonna flip this here and you can see how the board fits there so that is what I use now Scott was saying that he couldn't find them and it's very interesting because like I said this 7 in 1 eights with board is cut by a specific comic book store so when you look at boards you have your current boards that you could buy you know on Amazon or from BC wr8 and most comic book shops that are pre pre packaged in the thousand or whatever and they have a specific measurement including halfbacks hat backs are seven inch in width for the standard size this standard size is supposed to fit it's supposed to fit silver age books right but it's too much wiggle room the seven inch for my seven and one for silver age bag is is it's too small it's not wide enough so I like the seven and 1/8 inch so I do know that eager burr will custom cut boards so you could do it that way if you get half backs or full backs from eager burr and you want a tight fit let them know hey I'm gonna be ordering some 7 and 1/4 its bags I want a 7 in 1/8 inch cut or if you are ordering a current bag that's 7 inch in width you can opt for a 6 and 7 H cut but we already know that we can find brand made a 6 & 7 inch board so my option is right here because I have the store that cuts them appropriately I have yet to find a pre packaged board from a name-brand like whoever makes boards ultra pro or bcw that has a 7 1 8 inch board so that's where it becomes problematic so Scott again if you're watching I hope this helps I do think Scott is local to me because he said he checked with a1 so I would if you are local to a-1 and you want to see what's going on with their 7 and 1/8 inch have them measure because maybe they don't know maybe whoever if you called and spoke to someone maybe they weren't sure there's and I've been buying these I just actually I just bought these what maybe a few weeks ago from from a1 so on there they are still cutting their silver age boards it's 7 and 1/8 inch so those are what worked perfectly for me if you're in the area definitely check with a1 if you need if you don't know if you're getting the prop information from them definitely talked to Jared or even even Brian who is the owner and I know that they'll give you the proper answer because there they did there a long time even Jared's been there a long time he knows what he's talking about I mean the whole staff is great but like I said maybe just maybe someone didn't know at the top of their head but that's what works for me guys so again if you are very specific about how you like your bags and boards to fit you know you probably have some sort of formula so just to notate I only have a handful of golden age books and see I haven't even opened this yet so I don't have any golden a tour boards that would fit tight in a golden age bag so I can't even go into detail of what board you would you would use for for those but but yeah so again I'm gonna wrap this up and reiterate just to kind of run through this again okay current comic bags poly six and seven-eighths with standard current boards my lars current at seven inch with I use six and seven h8 with board what I use for Silver Age rather they're called standard Silver Age at 7 and 1/4 inch width I use a 7 and 1/8 inch width board so there it is guys I hope this was helpful I really hope everyone got the answers that they were looking for drop some comments let me know what you guys do let me know what you use and hey if this sparks any of you guys are youtubers that make your own videos drop a video showing how you guys work your bags and boards what brands you use I would love to see that and I'm sure a lot of people they you know are really interested in this and how their own questions still would like to see other people's perspective as well so thank you guys for watching if you have not subscribed yet please do so and until next time

  Top Comments:
  1. @Caganissoyeah [1 likes]: What bags do you recommend for squarebound bronze issue like annuals etc? I noticed they are very tight when I put them in the mylites2 that I have.
  2. @davidyoung4141 [1 likes]: I do the exact same thing. I use 7” bags and 6/8” boards!
  3. @Lieutenant_Ocho [1 likes]: So for early amazing spiderman (25ish) it looks like it should fit in standard, would you recommend doing the bigger silver/gold there?
  4. @TonTHunT [1 likes]: Sorry if this is a redundant question I'm pretty knew to the hobby. Do you recommend 6 7/8" boards and 7" bags for modern size comics?
  5. @dulcettonezzz8229: Just found out the hard way. I used mylar 7 inch boards and e gerber 6 3/4. Edges of the comics show a tiny bit and they move about. So ordering BCW 6 7/8 boards. Should be perfect. Not sure how to seal them though
  6. @artjones4822: I just bought E Gerber current Mylar bags and full-backs. However it seems all my copper age comics  at least through 1987 bend in these bags. It’s more than upsetting that the industry doesn’t get these bag and boards correct. My question, should I have purchased the regular or standard size for my comics?  From this video it sounds like my comics should have fit the current. The full-back from E Gerber is 6 3/4 not 6 7/8. Thanks for your help!
  7. @ryanjenkins6548: 🤦‍♂️
  8. @allisknu11: If one goes modern mylar, definitely use REGULAR backing boards. This is correct. And this is something I learned the hard way after having had a few short boxes with modern mylar and modern/current backing boards. The modern backing boards do not fill out the modern mylar bag, so the edges and corners of your modern books can still shift and hang over the edges causing damage. Since then, I have sold my collection and started a new one, and I use only Silver Age mylar and Silver Age backing boards. I don't have to worry about thicker  books not fitting, because some of them will be a tight fit and damage your books, or not fit at all. Another thing is, if you went Modern and decide to collect Silver age, Bronze age books, you are going to need Silver Age bags and boards. Decide this first before you buy toploaders because they are not cheap.
  9. @contamino7476: Which one should I use for ec comics precode horror
  10. @meetmarty4472: VERY informative.
  11. @Greg_Koenig: What tape do you use for the Mylar? A good tape for opening and closing alot without leaving glue behind..Painters tape? Round Avery yard sale stickers? Magic tape? Thanks
  12. @christopherbevacqua5255: Does your system work with the thicker boards? I was considering the 56pt comic pro boards
  13. @Your-favorite-phoneguy: Good video
  14. @Gabe--xd3wi: Hey! I have a quick question. So my uncle passed some of his comic books down to me and I want to say that there is like 150 or more, and I don’t know if I should bag and board every single one of them, they aren’t rare or anything, they are recents so I don’t know if I should bag and board them or just put them straight in the comic storage box. What would you do?
  15. @d.michaelyoung221: Hey, super informative videos. Thanks for putting this stuff out there.  I'm going to Rebag some magazine-size books and am looking at the E. Gerber magazine Mylites and E. Gerber magazine boards, which are white on one side and I've been reading that current E. Gerber boards are brown cardboard on the back. Will this backing affect the front cover of the next book sitting behind it? If you get some time to answer....
  16. @Paddistic: Question: Do I put the comic in on the matte or glossy side of the board?
  17. @007xrico: I recently bought a new comic book x man #1 dimension is 6.65 x 0.5 x 10.15 inches with 184 pages any advice on witch one I should buy on bag and backing boards thank you in advance
  18. @zaramadesign: Great video, i bought some 4 mil bcw mylar but the size are 7 1/2" i also bought te recommended silver age bcw backing boards but they are 7" and theres so much space between the board and the bag, do you know wich backing boards will fit tight and correctly on this 7 1/2 bags?
  19. @petegrimm5063: I did the current set up and damn it’s super tight😬
  20. @BiggRuss: Do 7 1/8" ComicPro Line 56pt boards fit well in 7 1/4" Mylites 2's?

- ReFleece: Our Story: Kind: captions Language: en i'm jennifer i'm sam reefleece is a company that uses old fleece to make new products we started replacing 2012 we make ipad cases kindle cases and other accessories and basically we take old police and we make new stuff refleece is a material that's made on one side from an old fleece jacket and on the other side from pet recycled fiber which basically is old plastic bottles sam and i met when we were working at patagonia in 1995 and from that we had tons of fleece lying around our apartment and that police actually traveled with us from apartment to apartment over the years and sam is a product designer so he loves to tinker in the basement i had been trying to figure out different ways to use fleece material we had a lot hanging around our house i thought it'd be something we could use i was working at heat pressing them together the first concept we came up with was sort of a bowl he's got this beautiful piece of kind of pressed felt what's that made from that's an old jacket we started thinking it'd be nice to use it with electronic cases because it is protective it's durable so from that that was the idea of replace that's where it was born when people return items to us rather than putting them in a landfill patagonia's priority is to either donate them or in the case where they're completely worn out is to recycle them through a part of our common threads program the patagonia stores collect old fleece that consumers return to them anything that can be used again they donate but if it's too worn out to be used again then we get it they send it to us and that's what we use to turn into our cases this is a way that we just take that old fleece we clean it we cut it we press it into something new and you can actually see that same fleece jacket come to life in a new way each jacket is opened up and is the usable sections are die cut out of that those components go together in a mold and press and they get formed into different cases there's no new dye put in there there's no high heat melting process going on we don't have to ship it overseas to re-spin it it's just the old jacket that we've pressed in really cool part of this was that nobody was doing this before this is a new process and so sam started to go around to different factories and talk to them about what he wanted we found a factory that could do close to it he went taught them how to do what he wanted because this wasn't done before it's a particularly challenging process because you get these old fleece and we had to say yes it's okay if the seams go in it yes it's okay if each one looks different one of the nice things about the cases is when you open them up you can see the old jacket on the inside so the jacket is cut and pressed in but you can see the seams or the stitching or even the certain flaws that might have been from that jacket wherever it was worn those all stay with the case so they help sort of convey the story of that product fleece is made for the outdoors in part because it's so lightweight because it lasts forever build something on the outside it just beads right off sheds dirt so it's perfect actually for an electronics case it does a great job of protecting a delicate electronic device we're trying to inspire people to think about where their stuff comes from where it goes to and with refleece they can see that whole story in one product you

- how tattoos make you more attractive: Kind: captions Language: en tattoos are an interesting wrench to throw into the concept of Attraction if you're a regular guy and you decide to get tattoos it will do two things amplify and polarize when you get tattoos it will instantly make you multiple times more attractive but only to a certain percentage of the population this is the amplification effect at the same time though it will also lower your attractiveness to a certain percentage of people this is the polarization effect there is also another aspect of tattoos not often talked about which is known as the halo effect if you're a handsome guy with a decent physique and slapping on some tattoos will have an insane amplification effect that can multiply your attractiveness by a ton but if you're out of shape and don't take care of yourself it can actually make you look worse that's why some people have that trashy look with tattoos but others look mysterious edgy and cool now let's talk about contrast one of the coolest aspects of tattoo accused is the contrast it provides to a person here's a great example you're walking through Tokyo and you see a sharp looking businessman in the suit later on you're at a sauna and you see the same guy what he's completely covered in Yakuza tattoos this contrast makes an otherwise mild looking businessman completely different person in your mind now another example is the neuroscientist Andrew huberman he's an academic but both of his arms are covered in tattoos the contrast between an academic and the edginess of the tags just adds a lot more dimensions and character to a person and makes them more interesting a lot of people warn against getting tattoos because you still have them when you're old but personally I think the contrast between being a grandpa and having tattoos is also really cool another huge aspect of tattoos is that they're a natural accessory you see a guy with the plain white t and they don't really stand out add a couple of tattoos to his arms and all of a sudden the contrast between simple minimum clothing and cool tattoos makes them stand out that much more now let's talk about different tattoo styles and what's popular right now the most popular tattoo style that I'm seeing a lot of ignorant and Patchwork style tattoos ignorant tattoos dismiss traditional tattoo Norms they showcase bold simple designs often with a humorous or iconic twist they're unique and personal and challenge the concept of good tattoo design Patrick tattoos resemble a quilt of varied designs that cover body parts or even the entire body they form a visually striking compilation of tattoos each representing a different story time or experience the wearer's life they're like a personal depiction of one's Journey some of my other favorite styles are Japanese style tattoos and traditional old-school American style tattoos of course there are a ton of different styles and even artists with their own distinct Styles getting culturally relevant tattoos is also a super cool idea for example I love Maori style tattoo rugby players because it represents the culture the type of style you go for is going to be very personal to you if you just chase the trend and don't actually like the design you're gonna your tattoos now I'm not going to talk about whether you should or shouldn't get tattoos that's all up to you personally for me I just like the way they look and appreciate the art I don't think they really have to mean anything but it's nice if they do thanks for watching this video make sure to subscribe and check out our email list at onboyfresh.com email for exclusive content not available anywhere else

  Top Comments:
  1. @Bandanskrr [939 likes]: If you have tattoos and you want them to compliment your aesthetic appearance, take care of them: sunscreen when you go out, moisturise them daily and, if needed, shave the tattooed area, make them way more pop out and look vibrant. Even if you‘re an handsome guy, bleached and faded tattoos can give you really quick this look he mentioned, this ungroomed look, in my opinion
  2. @Mysticlees [3 likes]: How tattoos make you more attractive. Only if it’s on men. Tattoos on women make them look promiscuous and have a lot f trauma
  3. @akalilBILL2 [2 likes]: Tattoos are stupid and ugly. Skin without any markings, piercings look the best and it’s the way it’s supposed to be.
  4. @Juicybignut00 [2 likes]: This is so corny
  5. @PerfectIntelligence [1 likes]: Tattoos make you look like low IQ and very bad at planning your future. Don't trust this video, you'll ruin your life. You are NOT a sexual object for public consumption. You are Holy.
  6. @anthonyclarke5579 [1 likes]: Er...no.
  7. @Boc3phu5 [1 likes]: Dont get tatoos .  You will regret them eventually
  8. @pietercoetzee9376 [1 likes]: Does it?? Really
  9. @Walkercolt1 [1 likes]: I don't like tats or people who have huge ones. I don't like nose rings, piercings, or cutting scars. Next kids will want Ubangi lips and ear lobes...
  10. @sionnach.1374 [1 likes]: They dont
  11. @hankmoody5514 [1 likes]: They don't make females attractive at all. They make them uglier
  12. @smokyythaghost [1 likes]: you mean gay tattoos
  13. @Jay123-yk4pl: The golden rule though never get neck tattoos or face tats
  14. @NeroeDB: Tattoos when done right tell that a person knows art and architecture outside of their body as well, how the world works graphed
  15. @renatamueller9: I’ve got a full sleeve and one on each leg and let me tell you. It’s the best filter for people and the best work accessory. I work in corporate 🇺🇸 and it definitely gives you an edge and social advantage regardless of what “normal” people say.
  16. @guitarsalad: They make you look old.
  17. @freedmm3122: Tatoos are sickening to me! The Bible says dont get them! Look it up christians!
  18. @daisan5859: You show a guy with sak yant tats and don't mention how there more than just appearance
  19. @Beetdorf6185: I’m fat and ugly. Got a tattoo now I’m ripped and hot as well. My girlfriend, or ex girlfruend then left me for a fatass slob ugly bald guy but he has so many tattoos it’s insane. She boasts about his sexual abilities online and it tears me up. Maybe now tattoos can help me
  20. @abhijitkundu1879: Only foreign cultures and its depiction

- Eid 2023 : Save big with Eid Half-Back Offer on latest collection by OC Home | #eid2023 #eidspecial: Kind: captions Language: en have you just moved to Dubai or is Dubai your long-term home now if you want to furnish your home we have got the answer for you we're here at OC home the most minimalist affordable and modern furniture store in the UAE and this side they have a half Back special so if you buy something for 500 Dirhams you're getting 250 back as a voucher and so if you get something for a thousand Dirhams you're also getting half back and this offer is only until the end of Aid so today I'll show you my top 10 picks on how to furnish your new home from OC homes come with me [Music] thank you foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Maan-clan: 💞  LOVELY

- Guess the price of these SoCal homes near an Irish pub: Kind: captions Language: en >> MY SPOON IT STUCK IN MY FIGHT NOW SO. >> LOT OF INFORMATION. YES, SO YOU WANT TO CELEBRATE SAINT PATRICK'S DAY AND WALK HOME THESE ARE HOMES WITHIN WALKING DISTANCE OF AN IRISH AND THE HOMES ARE FOR SALE. WE START MY OLD STOMPING GROUNDS OR ORANGE, YES, IT'S O'HARA'S PABLO IT'S A STAPLE IN THE CIRCLE AND RIGHT DOWN THE STREET, THIS CORNER HOME ON GRAND IS FOR SALE OUT THIS IS A 6 BED FOR ABOUT THE 2700 SQUARE FOOT HOME, THE ORIGINAL HOME WAS BUILT IN 1923. IT'S A CRAFTSMAN EXACTLY WHAT YOU'D IMAGINE IN OLD TOWNE ORANGE. IN 1990 THERE WAS AN EDITION WHICH INCLUDES 3 BEDROOMS AND 3 BADGE ON THE MAIN LEVEL AND 3 DOWNSTAIRS BEDROOMS IN THE BASEMENT, SO HOW MUCH IS THIS CRAFTSMAN IN OLD TOWNE ORANGE, THIS IS IN THE OLD TOWNE ORANGE IN THE CIRCLE AND CHAPMAN UNIVERSITY AND ALL THE ANTIQUE SHOPS AND HARRIS SPENT SOME TIME IN THERE. HOW MUCH IS THIS HOME. ALL RIGHT SO WELL YOU CAN SEE THE KIDS PHOTOS RIGHT THERE SO AND THIS ALSO I BELIEVE A PORTRAIT IN THE BATHROOM, I DON'T KNOW IF YOU IT PLACE IT FEEL LIKE YOU YET SHOW HERE SOMETHING MAYBE YEAH THEY DO. >> YOU THINK THE SHOW THIS MONTH. WELL THAT COULD BE AN EXPLANATION. THERE'S O'HARA'S THIS ONLY 2 PICTURES AND THEY'RE SO IT'S A GOOD PICTURE THAT'S A GREAT PICTURE EVERYBODY IS EVERYBODY SAINT PATRICK'S IRISH TEAMS. NAME. SO I DID WHAT I BECAUSE I ASK AS I DID SO I'LL GIVE YOU A SECOND SHOULD I TELL YOU HOW MUCH I THINK IT IS A TIME IS UP EVERYBODY OBVIOUSLY WRITING PROBABLY SO GUESSING I HAVE DOUBT ALL RIGHT GETTING I'M SO SORRY OKAY, WELL HEAD OF THIS HOUSE IOS AS I SAY I SAYS. >> THIS HOUSE I SAYS CALLS FOR US. ONE 0.3. >> 1.3 IT ONE 0.3 AS WELL GILL I THINK IT'S A $695,000 AND I'M GOING AS VAN MORRIS. YOU ALL THAT'S GOOD BECOME DOLLAR VERY WRONG AS A WAY HIGHER. OH GOODNESS DISGUSTING OH MY GOD YOU OR A 1.6 AND I THOUGHT THAT WAS TOO HIGH NOW THIS IS A HUGE HOME IN THE HEART AND HEART OF OLD TOWNE ORANGE. THIS IS HERE TO SEE IF THE STREET YOU CAN EXPLAIN WHERE THIS IS. >> IN RELATION TO EVERYTHING ELSE CAMPUS. GIVE US RIGHT HERE. >> THERE'S A THAT'S REALLY HOUSE IS VERY CLOSE. I KNOW EXACTLY THE HOUSE AND USE WALK DOWN I BEFORE A GUY THAT RIGHT IN THE HEART OF OLD TOWN OR UNIVERSITY THE HEART HAS MANY VALVES THE I THIS IS THE AND THERE'S OKAY SO THAT HOME WITH THAT IN MIND WALKING DISTANCE TO A WE'RE GOING TO SOUTH PASADENA GRIFFIN'S OF KIDS THEY'LL GOT STARTED EARLY THIS MORNING, HERE'S YOUR LITTLE FIVE-MINUTE WALK DOWN TO GRIFFIN'S OF KIDS, THEY'LL. THEY STARTED EARLY THIS MORNING WITH AN ALL YOU CAN EAT IRISH BREAKFAST AT THE PUB, IT'S BEEN OPEN FOR 10 YEARS THIS YEAR AND IT'S 5 MINUTES WALKING DISTANCE FROM A HOME FOR SALE ON MISSION AGAIN THIS IS SOUTH PASADENA, 3 BEDROOM, 3 BATHROOM, 2100 SQUARE FEET. IT'S. ONE OF THE 10 HOUSES IN THE BUILDING THE BUILDING IS A 20 MISSION IS ONE OF 3 PENTHOUSES THIS WAS BUILT IN 2016 THERE'S A ROOFTOP BAR ROOFTOP PATIO TO FOR 3 WITH THE 3 UNITS EACH HAVE YOUR OWN LITTLE AREA, BUT IT'S A BEAUTIFUL VIEW FROM THE ROOFTOP THERE'S ALSO A PRIVATE ELEVATOR THAT WILL YOU TO YOUR SECOND FLOOR, SO HOW MUCH IS THIS HOME AGAIN THREE-BED THREE-BATH MORE THAN 2000 SQUARE FEET IN SOUTH PASADENA. >> RIGHT WALKING DISTANCE 5 MINUTES AWAY. GRIFFIN'S OF KIM SALE. I THINK EVERYBODY'S DONE. OBVIOUS OBVIOUSLY DONE. UP TO WHAT YOU GOT. >> $999,000 AND I'M GOING AS WE HAVE NICE OKAY. I KNOW THAT'S A 2.1 5 WE GOT 2.1. OKAY I I I I DIDN'T WRITE DOWN AGAIN. I'M SORRY I'VE BEEN CONSUMING WHY DID I BUY THESE WHITE BOARDS. >> THEY SAT IN THE GARAGE REALLY COME ON HAVE HURT I THINK THEY KNOW IT. YOU CAN'T JUST KNEW I WISH YOU SHOULDN'T FEEL THE PINCH AND WE'LL TAKE A PEEK AT U.S. 3 MILLION DOLLARS IF YOU'RE GOING HURT US FIRST THERE'S A ROOFTOP LOOKS REALLY PRETTY THAT'S FAIR 3 MILLION DOLLAR CONDO AND PASSED GET WELL IT'S A 3 MILLION. BONO AND TALK ANYONE. BUT THE HIGHER ONE 0.8 5 ONE I WAS CLOSE HOW DO WE LIVE IN THIS WORLD. >> THERE YOU GO ONE TIME I WAS OUT THERE NOT A CRAZY. YES, EXPLORE THE 3 D TOUR >> ROBERT YOU'RE GOING WRITE THE NEXT ONE DOWN BECAUSE AM CONTROLLING WHAT IT LOOKS LIKE. SO YOU DON'T EVEN HAVE TO PUSH ANY BUTTONS. WE ARE GOING TO DOWNTOWN LOS ANGELES. MAKE THIS FULL SCREEN. YOU ARE WALKING DISTANCE FROM ARE YOU CHEATING KNOW, I'M LOOKING AT OTHER FAMOUS PEOPLE FROM IRELAND'S >> OKAY SO THIS WALKING DISTANCE FROM DUBLIN'S IRISH WHISKEY PUB IN DOWNTOWN DUBLIN'S ON 7TH THIS. >> HE'S ON 6 TODAY DOWNTOWN LA, THE GREEN BEER IS FLOWING. THEY HAVE BANGERS AND MASH ON THE MENU SHEPHERD'S PIE CORNED BEEF AND CABBAGE A WHOLE SAINT PATRICK'S DAY. MENU JUST FOR TODAY. GOT STARTED NICE AND EARLY. THEY HAVE A SUPER BOWL PARTY WHEN THE RAMS IN THE SUPER BOWL OR OTHER EARLIER THIS YEAR, THE PAPER VIEW GAMES. YOU CAN WATCH AT DUBLIN'S. 5 MINUTES FROM THE 6, 1, 2, THAT WAS MY BUILDING OR THE OTHER SIDE OF THE EYE THIS WOW. I LIBRARY BOARD THIS IS A ONE-BED ONE-BATH UNIT AS AN IN-UNIT WASHER AND DRYER THE LIBRARY COURT COMPLEX OFFERS. INDOORS AND GARDENS LOUNGING GAME ROOM A FITNESS CENTER AND 24 HOUR SECURITY WITH CONTROLLED GUEST ACCESS BECAUSE I'M SURE YOU'RE WONDERING IN DOWNTOWN LA AND THE GATED PARKING IS ONLY ACCESSIBLE TO PEOPLE WHO LIVE THERE AGAIN THIS IS A ONE BED ONE BATH ABOUT 460 SQUARE FOOT UNIT. HOW MUCH IS THIS UNIT. LA TO OWN TO OWN HERE STARTED UP. OKAY SO ALL THE BIG BARS AND IN THIS PART OF THE HISTORIC CORE WAS LIKE ALWAYS LIKE THE DIVEST OF THE DYES AND IT WAS THAT'S WHAT'S FUN ABOUT I SAW A DUDE LIKE GET BEAT. >> TO PAUL IN FRONT OF PROBLEMS I LIVE IN THE BUILDING RIGHT BEHIND I'M FOCUSED I REMEMBER A KID WHO BOUGHT INTO THIS AND IT WAS LIKE $400,000 IN LIKE 2013, OKAY. WHAT YOU'RE TRYING TO TO MAKE ICE CREAM ALL IN ALL RIGHT AND WHAT'S YOUR GUESS I MUST SAY A $760,000 YOUR BOSS LIKE GOT. >> YOU JUST BOUGHT A NOW. SAID ONE YOU'RE ON YOUR MIND YOU GUYS ARE YOU GOT BECAUSE THERE'S NO WAY THAT WHOLE AREA I'M SORRY WE DIDN'T LIVE IN THE BUILDING RIGHT BEHIND IT THAT WE WOULD KNOW I DIDN'T TELL YOU WHAT HOW MUCH IT SOLD FOR IN 2012 A LONG TIME AGO GIVE ME ONE SECOND I THINK THAT SLOW AND DIDN'T THINK I HAD IT. >> WHAT'S IT'S ON 6, 6, STREET STREET. >> THERE WE GO OK SAMANTHA'S WORK IN SAMANTHA'S WORK IN ARE CALLED LIBRARY BUT YOU STILL ARE BUDDY 4.95. ITS 610 SQUARE FEET I CUT IT SHORT OF VACCINE FOR 90, IT'S EXTEND ONE BED ONE BATH. FOR IF YOU LISTEN TO MY SLIP UP ON THE SQUARE FOOTAGE THAT WAS HOW MUCH IT LO

  Top Comments:
  1. @DuckSute [6 likes]: The guy that valued the properties under $1 million is very oblivious to home prices in SoCal
  2. @dedknedy [4 likes]: It's listed for $2,195,000 just incase you want to skip the KTLA dribble.
  3. @TheRedGunNinja [2 likes]: Built in 1923 and with a selling price of 2.195 million....... No, just no lol
  4. @heypal9418 [2 likes]: Crazy and people paying that much for it even more crazy
  5. @kungfuken432: Last one is probably already bought
  6. @lionl8250: Wait till you hear about these home prices of south Florida. Crack heads here act like their broken down homes cost millions

- Unraveling Timeshare Truths and Vacation Home Ventures: Expert Advice for Strategic Real Estate D...: Kind: captions Language: en this is the plain English real estate show with your host Rowena Patton a show that focuses on the real estate market in terms you can easily understand call Rowena now the number is 24 9962 or 1 9962 now here's the English girl in the mountains the agent that I would trust rowa [Music] patent it's Rowena patson on the real estate news radio show and and today we're going to talk about the real story behind time shares what you need to know before buying and how to get out of it if you regret it you can't always get out of them but here's some tips and tricks as so many of you seem to regret it we'll go through that number which is pretty incredible The History of Time Shares the the concept began back in Europe in the 1960s and I think it really started from a good place it was looking at how can we make make vacation homes more affordable so that made sense right at the end of the day you can look at this especially if you sit through those presentations and think well that kind of makes sense it's a way for me to own a vacation property so it really took off in the 1970s when the major Resort companies in the US entered the industry and of course these days many many of the time shares are owned by the big hotel groups and we've all had those phone calls that come through to us that say we've won a prize or something has gone on where we can get a weekend for free and all we have to do is sit through a 30 minute presentation I've actually sat through one myself and it did end up being a lot more than 30 minutes and I did not end up buying one so today the US time share industry is valued at over 10 billion dollar and over 10 million households that number was kind of surprising to me own a time share 10 million so the average owner is around 47 years old and nearly 70% are married I think probably if you spoke to somebody that targeted people who might buy a time share I'm guessing they target married people because it seems like a really nice idea you can go off as a couple and go on two or three vacations a year in your very own time share the statistics are pretty shocking 87% let that sink in 87% of time share owners regret their purchase and that was a recent University of Central Florida study that found that out and 66% of time share owners believe their time share has little to know no resell value and what I did here was I went on eBay I kept seeing these posts about time shares being sold and time share points they tend to use points these days being sold on eBay so sure enough I went on eBay and there's lots of them for a dollar more than 50% of time share owners feel trapped in their contracts and they they give reasons for that and they say it's due to the hidden fees and escalating maintenance costs so many people pay that big chunk down using some kind of loan or home equity line of credit and then they pay maintenance costs every year and these seem to be like taxes they tend to go up 75% of time share owners as current time share owners say they would not buy another time share I'm guessing those are within the 87% who regret their purchase in the first place that's so sad to think of that many people regretting their purchase and no wonder all these companies have grown up helping you get out of your time share over one one million time share owners attempt to exit their contracts every single year and only a small fraction successfully do so I think you go back and forward back and forward back and forward so I did some research on YouTube on Instagram on Facebook on complaint sites and I found a whole bunch of comments probably 5% of them were saying I don't know what you're talking about I love my time share and we agree it every year and here's a few others that I found now I've protected their voices and names of course but all the these are absolutely word forword real comments I inherited a time share from my mother I really don't want it and need to get out of it can you help me with it I've been trying these exit companies and they say that as we won't be able to prove bad practices when it was sold to my mom they can't help so most of the companies that help you online they have downloadable packs you can find them quite easily and I will have a bunch of links for these uh for you on real estat newws radio.com I always put the links on there so you can find them the main thing they tend to go after from what I've seen and again I'm not a person who's licensed or registered to help you get out of time shares or anything like that and at the same time I want to at least share with you some facts and figures on the industry it seems to be the most difficult when you inherit them so gosh it I would definitely be looking at how to get your time shares in place if you have a time share now and you have it in your portfolio in other words you were probably even sold on the fact I know I was when I sat through one of those presentations that if you have kids it's a great thing for your kids to inherit they may not want your time share it's kind of like Grandma's furniture they don't necessarily want that either however this is something that then if they inherit it they must pay the maintenance fees on it that may be a liability that you're leaving for them and apparently these companies can advise you on that and then of course like every other post you've seen on social media you'll always see the people who say things like this the best way to get rid of one is not to buy one yeah there's always those and then there are just the heart breaking stories that you hear and this one brought a lump to my throat when I read this I have a time share with a New York club can no longer pay the fees since my husband passed they have threatened to put a lean against my house and eventually they will foreclose on it I told them I would give them the time share back no charge they laughed and said what would they do with it the stress is horrible if I died from a heart attack from this I told my daughter to sue them for harassment this should be illegal unfortunately I wish I could say I hadn't read many of those there was even a guy who was having an operation I think he was having an operation for a brain tumor he had cancer and he felt he wasn't even of sell mind to make the decision when he was sold the time share in the first place and there was so many stories like that and of course you always get the people who like to make the statement who can blame them Time Shares are a source of regret for those who purchase them based on misleading promotions and false assumptions they also reflect poorly on state attorneys who fail to take action against these deceptive programs now I want you all to know that I'm not saying Time Shares are bad there are people out there that really enjoy their time shares even on the figures we have so you know when we look at the figures that say what was it 87% 87% of time share owners regret their purchase that means that 133% don't you know there are people out there that absolutely love their time share we'd definitely love to hear from you today if you love your time share 9962 that's 80057 9962 this is Rowena patteron on the real estate news radio show real estate news radio.com for links to listen you can listen anywhere in the country been hosting this for 12 years now I still can't believe that 80057 9962 would love to hear your time share stories whether you love one or regret having one and your experiences would definitely love to hear from you if you've used any of these companies that help you get out of a time share one thing I'd highly recommend is Google how do I get out of my time share or how do I make better use of my time share show me people who love time shares go on Facebook and search time share groups there's so much information in there there's so much information on Reddit go and do your own research on E eBay and see who's selling time shares especially if you want to buy one apparently that's been suggested too in everything I'm seeing but make sure you really do some really good background research first so here's some common reasons for regret and I'm not sure any of these are really going to surprise you unexpected costs including maintenance fees that increase annually you know it's one thing where you know how much you're paying you can say okay we'll have this paid off over five years and it will save us all of those really expensive vacations however you're then building in the maintenance fee that you don't realize might increase on an annual basis which seems to be a very common occurrence difficulty in Booking vacations due to a limited availability lack of resale value time shares often depreciate significantly again go look on eBay and find these where you can buy them for a dollar there's a number of them and if you're thinking about a time share that might not be a bad place to start contracts that make cancellation or resale extremely difficult here's a couple of examples I found a couple who purchased a time share for $20,000 but they later found out maintenance fees kept Rising annually making it unaffordable they were unable to sell it due to lack of demand a retiree who is pressured into a time share presentation and signed under duress only to realize later that their financial situation could not sustain the ongoing fees of course you could say that about anything where you go to a presentation and you sold something and later M maybe you can't really do it and you're not within that 30-day limit or whatever it is in your state where you can take back the sale you've heard the pitch before come to our presentation and we'll give you a free vacation or an amazing gift it sounds too good to be true right well that's because it often is welcome to the sales pitch versus reality today we're pulling back the curtain on those high pressure sales tactics that promise the world but don't always deliver you walk into a Sleek conference room lured by the promise of a free Cruise or a luxury weekend getaway many of us have been there the host is friendly the coffee is free and before you know it you're locked into a high press pitch the last hours you hear words like once in a lifetime opportunity and act now before it's gone you're exhausted overwhelmed and suddenly signing on the dotted line seems like the only way out let's have a reality check what happens next that free vacation might come with endless blackout dates hidden fees or conditions that make it nearly impossible to use and that incredible deal you just signed up for it may may not be the dream investment it seemed in the moment sales pressure is real and it's designed to make you act on emotion rather than Logic the best way to protect yourself do your research take your time and never sign anything on the spot next time you hear a pitch that sounds too good to be true about anything really not just time share remember if you have to be pressured into buying it's probably not the deal you think it is stay informed stay smart and always read the fine print hey it's Rowena pattern here on the real estate news radio if you just tuned in and today we're talking about time shares let's look at the hidden costs and restrictions here you have a dream vacation year after year that's the promise right but what they don't tell you up front of the Hidden cost some do maybe and the restrictions that can turn that dream into what for some can be a financial nightmare so let's talk about the fine print the Rising maintenance fees the special assessments and limited availability the thing that sometimes get glossed over in the sales pitch so meet the Johnson family they were thrilled to purchase a vacation package that promised anytime access to Luxury Resorts but when they tried to book their trip the only available dates were during Hurricane Season months away from the peak weeks they were originally promised or that they thought they were getting and then came the bills their annual maintenance fee started at $1,500 but climbed 5% every year within just a few years they were paying over $2,000 annually whether they used it or not then out of nowhere a special assessment landed in the mailbox demanding another $1,200 to cover unexpected property upgrades and let's not forget getting out of a time share isn't easy many owners find that resale values drop fast and some even end up paying just to exit their contract so what should you ask before signing how much are the maintenance fees now and how often do they increase and look to see actual facts some figures on this are there special assessments and how much of past owners paid is peak season availability really guaranteed or is this just a sales pitch a vacation deal that locks you into Rising costs and limited availability that's not Freedom it's a financial trap read the fine print ask the tough questions and don't let the dream vacation turn into a nightmare I thought I was doing something great for my family when I bought this time share memories vacations something to pass down to my kids but now I realize I've left them with a financial burden instead the maintenance fees keep rising and there's no easy way out I don't want my kids to be stuck paying for something they never asked for I'm looking into putting it in a trust or finding another way to protect them from inheriting this mess if anyone has advice on how to get out of this without leaving my kids on the hook I'd really appreciate it hey there this is Rowena Patton on the real estate news radio show if you've got any thoughts or questions today please give us a call 800 570 9962 that's 800 570 T 9962 do you have friends or family that have time share or could really help us out with some comments or thoughts or questions on the show today share the show with them at real estaten newws radio.com that's real estat newws radio.com you'll find a link to listen anywhere owning a time share has been one of the best decisions for our family we have a guaranteed vacation spot every year without the hassle of booking last minute accommodations the flexibility to exchange locations has allowed us to explore beautiful destinations while making lifelong memories so clearly not everybody is unhappy with their time share decision I think it's just all about having the information to make the right decisions just like anything in real estate or any other decision you're making for that matter it's Rowena Patton here on the real estate news radio show if if you've got friends and family that might need to be listening to this one it's all about time shares today if you just tuned in real estate news radio.com real estaten newws radio.com that's the best place to listen live also that's where you'll get the links to other information about this show the other 12 years of shows that we've done and of course for an easy way to contact us so who could a time share be great for a time share can be a great option for specifics types of Travelers and lifestyle needs here's some examples of people who might benefit from a time share families who vacation annually a family that takes a yearly beach trip to he Hilton Head or Disney World might find a time share beneficial they get predictable spacious stays without the hassle of searching for accommodations every year it just takes that out of it and especially if you're traveling with your family so nice not to have to have that hassle many time shares offer multi-bedroom units which works well for families retirees who love a home base a retired couple who enjoys spending part of the year in Arizona or Florida but doesn't want the full responsibility of owning a second home that could work really well they get Resort style amenities without the costs of full home ownership business Travelers who frequent the same location someone who regularly attends conferences in Las Vegas Orlando or a ski resort town that could be useful instead of paying those premium hotel rates Every Time Adventure Seekers who enjoy exchange programs many time share programs allow owners to exchange their week for stays at different locations groups of friends who vacation together a group of lifelong friends who take an annual ski trip or Island Getaway can split ownership costs and always have a guaranteed high quality place to stay that one was a new one for me I really hadn't thought of that people who want luxury vacations without paying full price many high-end Resorts offer time shares in primed estimations like Hawaii Aspen or the Caribbean it provides access to premium Resorts and amenities at a fraction of the cost of full ownership it's known as the Caribbean in England by the way who wouldn't Ben benefit those who prefer spontaneous travel or exploring new places each year without constraints and don't forget we'd love to hear about your time share stories give us a call 800 570 9962 that's 800 9962 whether you love your time share have exited a time share or wondering how to get out of one we'd love to hear from you this is Rowena Paton on the real EST at Newsradio show if you have F family or friends who could benefit from this today send them to real estaten newws radio.com for a live link to listen anywhere hey there welcome back today we're diving into a topic that a lot of people ask about time shares you've seen the ads maybe you've even sat through a presentation for a free vacation but before you sign on the dotted line do you really understand what you're agreeing to let's go over the recision period your get out clause this is something some people don't know if you sign a time share contract and immediately regret it you might have an out but it's time sensitive the recision period is a legally required cooling off time that lets you cancel the contract with no penalty it varies by state in Florida you have 10 days to back out but in other states it could be as little as 3 to seven days and here's the key time share companies won't remind you of this if you change your mind you need to submit a written cancellation request before the deadline so if you're ever at one of those High Press presentations and get caught up in the moment just remember you do have time to rethink it but don't wait too long now let's talk about what you're actually signing up for not all time shares are created equal DED time shares mean you own a share of the property like a piece of real estate you can sell it will it to your heirs or rent it out but you're also responsible for annual fees whether you use it or not sounds like a good investment maybe not these are often very hard to sell later on then there are right to use contracts instead of ownership you're leasing the right to use the property for a set number of years once the contract expires you no long have an obligation which can make these easier to exit than deeded time shares however some contracts renew automatically so read the fine print so before signing anything ask yourself do I want to own part of a property forever or just rent vacation time for a limited period so why are deed time shares tricky to sell here's where things can get more difficult many people think they can just sell their time share like a house not so so fast deed Time Shares are permanent they don't expire and that means you're on the hook for maintenance fees for Life many owners try to resell but the market is flooded with people trying to get out some even list their time shares for $1 and still can't find buyers if you stop paying Resorts can send you to collections or foreclose yes even on a time share some resorts offer exit programs but often these come with additional fees or conditions make sure you read the paragraph about the exit plan when you are signing up so what's the bottom line a time share can be great if you understand the contract but if you're thinking about one be very sure you're willing to commit for the Long Haul so what are some resources if you have a time share one of the big Marketplace is called red week redweek.com and they deal with renting out your week booking your next trip maybe exchanging or renting directly from an owner and also selling your ownership so if you click on sell my time share within the red week site what you'll find is you have all kinds of opportunities on there and the main two are do it-yourself basic so that's about adver in on there and um doing it yourself basically and they say we advertise and bring buyers to you you'll personally finalize contracts and details and that's about $60 with no commissions and then they offer as at this broadcast um a full service for $125 and then it's plus $8.99 or 3% of the price only when sold and they say we create and verify your post for you while helping with prices and managing negotiations and of course there are many companies that you can use for this as well um and there's all kinds of details at the bottom of there what's the process for selling my time share how should I price my time share they do have a what's my time share worth valuation tool um obviously I would do your own research on that as well as looking at that one and um also there's a piece on being behind on your maintenance fees and figuring out whether you can still sell your time share and that's where it goes to the full service resale option um and actually they're saying the full service resale option wouldn't be available until the fees were were caught up although you're welcome to try and sell it on your own that's if you are behind on your maintenance fees um so there's all kinds of travel tips and guides on there and of course you can sell it yourself on eBay Facebook Marketplace there's all kinds of places where you can do that I would encourage you to go to redweek.com and have a look at the owner resources they've got travel travel guides and tips it will also tell you where to find a time share to rent uh how to rent your time share you can look at all inclusive you can look at beaches you can look at golf kidfriendly pet friendly theme parks um all kinds of things on there you can also buy time share points many of them operate on a point system now so if you need to sell your points or buy some points they have tips and tricks for that as well so well worth a look at that one welcome back it's Rowena patteron good morning good morning it's another Saturday morning full of promise and you're tuned in to the real estate news radio show with me rowa passon whether you're listening live on the radio or catching this later on the podcast I am thrilled you were here today we're talking about two things both the time share industry and buying a second home maybe you've dreamed of that mountain cabin people think there are lot of cabins in the Asheville area there aren't too many there are some log homes and a few cabins but really think about how far out you are maybe it's a beach house maybe it's a quiet Lake Retreat we're about to list one of those actually in the next week or so maybe you're thinking about investing in a property that can bring you some rental income now here's the thing you knew I was going to say this is buying a second home really a good idea what kind of real estate agent am I asking you if it's a good idea to buy home an honest truth for one what do you need to consider before making that move how do you finance it what are the hidden costs you may not have thought about we're covering all of that and more today so whether you're sitting on your porch with a cup of coffee out running errands or driving to check out open houses this weekend stick around this is going to be a packed episode full of practical information to help you make a smart decision so why do people buy a second home all right let's start with the big question why do people buy a second home what's the motivation it usually falls into one of three categories person use investment or a future retirement plan it's kind of an interesting one let's break these down so a vacation home and some of these obviously are based around your your age you know are you setting out with a new family are you getting older in in years and just want that vacation spot to get away to so you've got that favorite getaway spot the mountains the beach a Lakehouse and instead of paying for vacation rentals every year you think why not just buy a place you want to create a place for family gatherings a home where memories are made and passed down through the generations and it could be all about convenience and it often is knowing that that home is there waiting for you with all your favorite things already there you can also do this if your if the home that you purchase is able to go on the Airbnb or VRBO scheme or the midterm rental you could rent that place out maybe you go there for example during the winter time and you can rent your current house out or your second home um flip Wass from when you spend time there if you're at the point in life where maybe you're a mobile worker maybe you're a remote worker and can travel while you work and maybe don't have a young family or something like that or maybe you're getting up in there in you so it's all about your personal situation obviously and if you have plenty of Moola and you just want your place sitting there and your toothpaste ready when you go and not have to take you know if it's a warm place the bikini or if it's a chili place the sweaters those things can take up so much space and you just want to grab a bag and go that can be a really great thing of course you know there are so many less expensive flights around now I'll give you one example of one in the mountains in Asheville we have a lot of people travel from South Florida particularly we have a lot of people travel from all over the place but particularly South Florida since quite a few years ago now Allegiant which means a big giant in Germany um Ali giant is now running incredible fairs direct between they call it Miami but it's actually the Fort Lauderdale airport so direct direct flights between uh Fort Lauderdale Airport and Asheville which is a regional airport for uh very inexpensively check them out at legent teer.com so that's brought a lot of people from South Florida now obviously South Florida is warmer in the winter than Asheville is and it works the other way around because South Florida shocker gets very hot in the summer so a lot of people like to escape that South Florida heat and escape to the mountains where we're temperate and have quite a nice summer a lot of people say oh no it gets really hot here but it doesn't get hot like the Flatlands of the South because we've got those mountain breezes also we even have a term for those of us who first started off in the north often New York Pennsylvania um Boston a lot of people from Boston who go to South Florida to escape the just chilly chilly chilly in the late fall winter and January February March until the green starts coming on the trees go down to South Florida and sometimes they move in entirety they just move down there and say no can't deal with the cold anymore and an awful lot of people miss the seasons and guess where they end up back in as North Carolina because it's not so hot in the summer and it's a nice escape and you get those Four Seasons it's such a popular thing to do in the mountains that we're called halfbacks I'm actually a halfback myself and that means you start off in the north you moved to South Florida and then you made it halfway back but of course with vacation homes you can have both if you can afford to do that so let's talk about it as an investment property maybe you see a second home as an income opportunity could be Airbnb vbo or long-term rental and now what's really gaining in popularity is the midterm rental so it could be that a lot of people are moving because they're moving from California for example which we see a lot in the mountains and they're not sure quite where they want to live so they just want to rent rent a place for 3 to 6 months that could be a good opportunity for you to rent out your vacation property while still having the ability to use it yourself and obviously that would be in the four to six month term sometimes you'll see thre Monon on two you can imagine if you're looking around for a house three three months is probably what you want if you're building a home it's going to be six months to 12 months which is more of a long-term rental so real estate is is a solid asset and some people buy second homes as a way to build wealth that really is where are you in life you know what 7 to 11e cycle clemon JLA you've heard me say it many times 7 to 11 year cycle we are in a flattening Top Cycle right now which means that statistically now there's no guarantees of this there's no guarantees about anything life in life apart from taxes and death as we know and we're in a 7 to 11 year cycle we're at the top we're bumping along the top in many markets around the country we're already seeing some price decreases so for the next three and a half to five and a half years we expect it to decline flatten Decline and then for three and a half to 5 and a half years statistically it goes back up the good news is that real estate over the long term you'll see these s to 11e top Peaks that are worth more than now in other words statistically based on history since 1860 when clemon jlar outlined the economic cycle so here we are in 2025 7 to 11 years from now let's just do 10 years from now 30 35 the property you purchase is going to be worth significantly more based on history I can't guarantee that for you I wish I could but based on history it's going to be worth significantly more think about the home you're in now and think about what it was worth 10 years ago so 2015 we were sort of bumping along the bottom of the last one at that point we had a particularly long cycle last time around of course it tipped in 20072 2008 in most markets in the country and here we are back at the top it's been an exceptionally long cycle so you nobody can time the market otherwise we'd be all be multi-millionaires but think about that when you're looking at at it as an investment property so what that means is if the younger you are the longer you can afford to hold it it makes more sense if you're just looking at as an investment property how about a future retirement home well if you're in retirement already it still could be a future retirement home so many people buy that second home before retirement using it part-time now and planning to live there full-time later or for at least half the time there are more and more people that have a lifestyle you know they're called snowbirds um if they're coming from the north and going to the south at least um it's been a popular thing since the 60s and 70s really when the budget airfare came in or you could take those long road trips depending where you were coming from and go away for a period of time often to escape the winters if you're in South Florida it's of to escape the Summers really all the way up to the middle of Florida gets really hot in the summer if you've spent any time in Florida I don't need to tell you that so uh you know people love to go to the North or go to the mountains we are South in Asheville of course but we get those mountain breezes just keeping it a little bit more pleasant so before you even start looking ask yourself why do I want this second home CU your answer will guide absolutely everything from how you finance it to your w w w tax strategy let's do the fun stuff and talk about affording a second home let's talk money let's talk dollars and sense because the biggest mistake people make when buying a second home is underestimating the cost it's not just about affording the mortgage there's a lot of hidden costs that can sneak up on you so Mortgage and Finance ing second home mortgages often require a larger down payment T typically 10 to 20% so speak with your mortgage broker Credit Union about that interest rates for second homes are higher almost always than your primary residence if it's classified as an investment property you may need at least 20 to 25% down then there's property taxes and insurance some areas charge higher property taxes on second homes than primary residences so check that out wherever you're thinking of looking I'm always a believer that if you've gone and checked out areas you end up in an area that you really love regardless of whether it it costs you a bit more to live in that area or not however of course that depends on your budget I know for me the being in a place that I really loved I would cut back on the buying a coffee out every day you know it's all about um what are you putting value on and there's no judgment there it just depends on how much you love a place if two places are equal and one happens to be better in terms of the property taxes or something else then it's an obvious decision then you've got things like if the home is in a hurricane Zone a wildfire zone of course we're seeing everything going on in California right now it's heartbreaking we had Helen strike in Asheville uh just a few months ago and we're still seeing the outcome of that although it's uh We've going great bounds to cleaning all of that up or a flood zone so Insurance costs could be much higher than expected so make sure that you get a quote on that insurance cost if you're planning to rent it out you might need landlord insurance and what you'll find is some of the bigger insurance carriers even people like USAA have pulled out of places like Florida so make sure you call your insurance broker and get a quote and talk to them about that and see you know whether or not it's even possible then you've got the maintenance in and utilities so even when you're not there you've got utility bills could be HOA fees could be Property Maintenance and then think about who's going to take care of the yard the roof or check on the home during the weather maybe you've got a property management company So that obviously adds additional costs that's usually going to be 10 to 20% depending on how much they do for you maybe you've got friends or family in the area so they can help so here's my advice before buying make a detailed budget and don't just factor in the mortgage think about every possible cost w w w because the last thing you want to feel is stretch too thin so a second home versus an investment property what's the difference now let's clear up a common point of confusion what's the difference between a second home and an investment property because trust me the IRS and mortgage lenders are definitely care so second home rules it must be for personal use at least part of the year you can rent it out but typically for less than 180 days per year so when we talk about the budget before make sure that 180 days or look at how much that 180 days of renting out covers and obviously you've got more costs coming out if you are renting out as well but look at what that 180 days of income brings in it could be that with two properties if you rent both of them out I know how scary that sounds but it could have you pairing down in your home and all your stuff and things you could could be one of those 40 or 50 year olds that's in the OR particularly 50 and 60 year olds that's in the four or five bedroom home where you raised your kids and you're paying so much on utilities because you're keeping that home for the kids to come home to it could be that you could right size just think about that right sizing we used to call it downsizing I like to call it right sizing because there's nothing wrong in getting home the right size for you could be that you could be right size sizing in your current home and if you're thinking about that we can find you agents all over the country 828 333 4483 828 333 4483 we've got agents standing by 247 if you're listening to this on the podcast after the live broadcast we've still got people standing by to take your call so we can help guide you through that find you the right agent for right sizing your current home and you using the equity from that to buy a home that's your second home it's somewhere else and we can help you with all the budget and looking at what that looks like too we're we're about to have an app module on that we have an app called listing royalty we're about to have an app module on the difference between a second home and um whether it looks like an investment or um a personal home and what that looks like so wherever you are in the country and in Canada too we can find you a great agent for that Rowena Paton here real estate News Radio brokered by exp realy 828 83 let's talk about it as investment property roles if you rent it out for more than 180 days it's an investment property in the eyes of the IRS it doesn't matter if it it is really a personal property if you rent it out for more than 180 days half the year here in other words it's an investment property in the eyes of the IRS it requires a larger down payment and higher mortgage interest rates you'll owe rental income tax but and here's the but you can deduct expenses like maintenance and Property Management H so you have to think about that so if your plan is to rent it out fulltime be honest with your lender because calling it a second home when it's actually a rental could get you into to trouble let's look at the tax benefits and the pitfalls you can deduct mortgage interest on a second home just like your first home if you rent it out for less than 14 days a year you don't have to report that as rental income so here's the here's the deal if you rent it out for more than 14 days you must report the income and pay taxes on it selling a second second home means capital gains tax unless you've lived in it for two out of the last five years now I'm not a financial advisor so always check all of this out with your financial advisor because things may have changed by the time you're listening to this so the bottom line Second homes can have great tax benefits but only if you understand the rules all right so that's a wrap on looking at second homes I hope that helps and would love to talk to you about your long-term goals financial situation tax implications getting you with the right people to really understand those financials on there this is Rowena Patton on the real estate news radio show you can give us a call anytime at 828 333 4483 we have people standing by 24/7 and yes we really do get calls at 1:00 a.m. no I won't be awake for it but I will be returning your call well thank you for listening today we've covered a lot whether it's the ins and outs of time shares the dream or a reality check of buying a second home or simply preparing to sell your current home there's always something to new and learning opportunities in the real estate world but let's talk about your next move wherever you are in the country country or Canada give me a call at 828 4483 and I'll connect you with a rockstar agent who can help you really navigate that process it does make a difference you need experience in this market guys I know you're probably tired of hearing me say this at this point but you really do need experience this is I'm sorry if you're a daughter who got her real estate license last week um you probably want to have somebody Mentor you through that sale if it's your parents selling the house right now this is not a market to practice in um so you know just get connected with the right agent if you've got somebody in your family that's a real estate agent that's great and they've got lots of experience fantastic if they haven't then just make sure that they're partnering with an agent that's got some you know real experience out there so there are options if you're thinking about selling you've got options maybe you're thinking I don't want to deal with real estate agents who wants to deal with real estate agents showings lock boxes or even a for sale sign in my yard well you don't have to with our full market value cash offer you can skip the stress avoid the uncertainty of the market and get the majority of your equity in as fast as 14 days that's right no waiting around no contingencies just a straightforward sale now if you want to wait it out for 90 days maybe you're concerned that you want to make sure that you can find your new home or something like that you can stay in place here's the best part you're not just walking away with that first check we then sell your spruce up home we go in and we basically flip it for you our funding partner at fronts the money to do that for you then you'll get a second profit share check this all came from certified pre-owned homes that I started running back in 2007 when I got into real estate I couldn't understand why all these properties were falling out so it's very common for over 30% of properties to fall out yes you heard me right 30% so by going CPO whether you do it yourself or do it through the the cash CPO you can do this yourself too get the inspection up front it's so important guys and if you can afford it get the appraisal as well give me a call I'll talk you through all of this I've got actually a free chapter of my book right now is going live on the app next week I can share that with you as well you can read through it and do it yourself if you want to that's just fine I'm all about equipping you with the right information so you can make the best choice for you it's a really good thing to be able to do that so that's how we maximize the value of your property and buyers are more likely to want to buy your home because it's been inspected because it's been appraised and it's all been cleaned up we're just working on one right now that's under contract that we're very happy about so maybe you're thinking of buying that second home let's talk strategy if today's show got you thinking about buying a second home let's set you up with um a property drip that's when you get property is that meet the kind of budget that you're looking at in the area where you're looking give us a call 828 333 44 83 wherever you're at in the country and I will help you get set up with that I can connect you with an expert in your area that knows the ins and outs of second home financing tax benefits rental regulations not all second homes are treated the same as we've gone through today whether it's a true vacation home or an income generating property you want to make sure you're making the right move for your financial future it's really crucial to have that right strategy financing market knowledge in place before making that that leap maybe you're stuck in a time share you saw this show advertise and you came on um looking at a time share let's find a way out if you are if you're happy in yours that's fantastic if you already own one and need an exit strategy I can connect you with the right people for that and do some research all you need to do guys is Google uh stuck in a time share how do I exit my time share you'll find so much on there just be careful of the scams there are some scams out there a lot of people will will tell you about that so you know make sure you go make some go back over this you can go to real estaten newws radio.com real estate news radio.com and find this on the podcast and make the notes or get the transcript on there you can find this show on there all you got to do is look for time share I think it's the first show we've ever done in 12 years talking about time shares so it'll be really easy to find so the bottom line guys give us a call real estate decisions are big decisions you don't have to go It Alone whether you're in the country or in Canada we've got agents standing by ready to help I'll put you with the right people I promise my reputation is very important to me I've been in real estate now for 18 years I've been doing the show for 12 years of those oh my gosh back when I was 12 right so whether you're buying selling investing or just exploring your options give me a call 828 333 4483 I'll connect you with the right person from your unique [Applause] s this has been the plain English real estate show with Rowena Patton visit Rowena and post your questions at radio ashville.com or call her at 828 2101

- Two and a Half Men | Arnold Schwarzenegger Helps Hunt Down Charlie (Who’s Still Alive?!): Kind: captions Language: en so that's about it uh uh lieutenant wagner uh wagner not wagner wagner w-a-g-n-e-r wagner whatever all right now let me see if i got this straight 12 years ago your wife kicked you out and then you and your dumb son moved in with your brother uh uh he wasn't dumb at the beginning uh he got dumb later on what happened uh well turned out it was funnier all right so he rather than let you stay there eight and a half years rent free even though he claimed that he never liked you ah uh you're not the only one to point out theologically and this brother viewers supposedly died in paris under mysterious circumstances that wasn't all that mysterious i mean it was taking a lot of drugs and pissed off almost everybody and then you try to drown yourself but you changed your mind because the water was too cold and then you got into his house and offered the bite it seemed like a good idea at the time and then you let him and his son stay there for four more years right rent-free when you say it like that sounds ridiculous and then your dead brother's previously unknown lesbian daughter shows up and then you let her move in you can't write this stuff huh and then the two of you got married to each other yes but you're not gay well i'm not and then you adopted the black child uh uh he's uh he's more eurasian uh oh what a sweetie pie and the two of you are now divorced but you're living together if i leave the whole thing falls apart yeah of course uh and now the woman who stalked your brother and then married him all of a sudden shows up and she says that he's not dead after all that she has been keeping him in the dungeon pit in the san fernando valley ah sherman oaks uh but the good part south of the boulevard and then he escaped and he sent you see garzan whiskey uh and don't forget the chasing knife uh and the threatening text he said uh i'm coming home and you're gonna pay i'm confused because you said he doesn't pay for anything i think the point is is that we need you to find him this guy has some serious rage issues has he tried anger management yeah but it didn't work okay well i have his inscription now and so if we find him i let you know uh bob thank you uh really appreciate it no problem now if i can uh offer you a word of advice i would consider wrapping this whole thing up uh what do you mean i mean the whole living arrangement the kids the girls the beach house i mean this whole thing has been going on way too long yeah a lot of people been saying that haters gonna hate amen [Music]

  Top Comments:
  1. @FluffyKing43 [1 likes]: Nailed that 2:47
  2. @swhoth [1 likes]: They remove charlie and had to bring a lot of stars for cameo, instead of bringing him to save the show.
  3. @francissobotka8725 [1 likes]: It sucks chuck and Charlie couldn't work things out to bring Charlie back.But they definitely could do a follow up series and it would do well.
  4. @dannigro8794 [1 likes]: Wow ended 11 years ago today.
  5. @RofhiwaNephiphidi: Anger management
  6. @NotBigdeal: "If I leave, this whole thing falls apart " 😂😂😂😂.

Genuine question, if Jon left instead of Charlie, would there still be the show ?

His character was really holding the show more than Charlie's IMO.

Yes Charlie was the main character but Jon's was a unique one. So he just reveals to us who was holding the show.
  7. @justingarfield2663: Hilarious & brilliantly written 😂😅
  8. @nicenovice: I DONT REMEMBER THIS EPISODE WHEN TF DID THE TERMINATOR MAKE A  CAMEO
  9. @KasimVisuals: Absolutely brilliant scene 😂
  10. @ChipCrayton705: Well done Arnold 😂😂😂😂 2:54
  11. @matthewdavenport9549: Love how the writers poked so much fun at how ridiculous some of the plot points and decisions they made were
  12. @undefined-hg6lx: First 20+ episodes worked better than (almost) all Waldens 😁🤣🤣🍻 
Edit: @3:20 so on point 👏
  13. @felixthelmocevallosmorales41: Arnold Alois Schwarzenegger (pronunciado /ˈanɔlt ˈaːlɔɪ̯s ˈʃvat͡səneːɡɐ/ (escucharⓘ); Thal, Austria, 30 de julio de 1947) es un actor, empresario, político y exfísicoculturista profesional austriaco y estadounidense. Ejerció como trigésimo octavo gobernador del estado de California en dos mandatos desde 2003 hasta 2011.




78 AÑOS 




🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥🎥
  14. @Silwith: The "it didnt work out" is funny considering that two and a half men made it for 88 more Episodes after Sheen left, while Anger Management actually ran for 100 :D
  15. @dmpn2994: toooooo looooong! :face-blue-smiling:
  16. @NostalgicGamerRickOShay: Given the recap of the four years without Charlie, I am totally glad I did not watch it.
  17. @alfonsovallejo2665: So pathetic...
  18. @deadmansgulf911: Arnold probley never.watched an episode of the show so he’s probley like wait this was the plot of the whole show and was genuinely surprised it lasted 11 years.
  19. @aspbun: I think this was Arnold best scene ever!
  20. @SirWilliam1767: This is why I never watched the later seasons. Modern writers suck.

- How to Build Client Relationships in Real Estate (Tips for Agents): Kind: captions Language: en Welcome back everybody to I don't know what I'm calling this creation, but where I get to just [music] invite you to meet my favorite people in the real estate industry. And I know I've brought you to from Colorado. So now we're going all the way to North Carolina [music] to my beautiful, dear friend, Miss Gina May Harris. [music] And I just want to start by asking you, Gina, if your market had a personality, how would you describe [music] it? Um, I would say [music] it is extraordinary. I've [music] been doing this for a really long time and I actually have the pleasure of working [music] where I grew up. So, I've been here my whole life and I've seen a bunch of different things, but most importantly, I've seen the Charlotte metro area grow. And so, [music] it has created more and more opportunities. And I must [music] be crazy cuz I absolutely I love this business. Somebody said, "If you won the lottery, what would you do?" And [music] I said, "I still keep selling real estate." Now, my right arm, Grace, that is my quarterback for everything. She might not totally agree with that. She might think that, [music] you know, no, I'm kidding. We're we're we're live or die. [laughter] She would just have, you know, maybe a fancier car or something. I >> Yeah, exactly. We would just go on Yeah, we go on more [music] vacations. But um anyway, I call it extraordinary cuz we got lots and lots of opportunities in every price point here. [music] And um it's fantastic. It changes, but it's fantastic. It changes just like we were just talking about, just like the market changes. I mean, your market does drive it. So, the personality is going to change. And whoever said you have to be the same throughout your entire life is a liar. So, I don't know where we've all bought into that, but it's not true. We all change. [laughter] >> Exactly. >> Okay. So, what's the most only in my market moment you've ever experienced? Like it would never happen in any other market but the Charlotte Davidson market. Um, only in my market. Well, I am 100% convinced that we are the only people that have crazy people and if and [music] we are like magnets for unusual situations, which I love. And and and on a flip side, we specialize in that. So, [music] um yeah, that's cuz I'm certain that no other market in the entire United States of America has crazy pick. We have fun, crazy, [music] educated people. And yeah, that's probably it. >> I I feel like in the comments, we're going to have some agents saying, "No, my market's crazier than yours." So, that could be a good [laughter] a good spark. Who's the craziest? All right, so this one's a fun one, too. And these are, of course, are all ice breakers, but I just love these questions so much. If real estate had a theme song for your business, what would it be and [music] why? Um, this girl is on fire for sure because throughout my whole career from 12 years in new home sales working for a developer representing as many as eight builders at a time to going into general brokerage to having my own team and just going through the, you know, the 2007 2010 market [music] to going through co we we're we're on fire. We [music] and it's because we're passionate about it. And people ask me, "What do you do for work?" And I'm like, "I don't know. I think work is kind of negative." That's a negative word. And I I mean, it is [music] what drives me. when we had a time during CO that we weren't allowed in [music] our county, Meckllinmberg County, the county where Charlotte is and a lot of the municipalities [music] where we mostly work, although we do sell in five different counties, Meckllinmberg County would not let us physically [music] go in homes. And I feel like somebody ripped my heart out. U we did sell during that time. We had to really think out of the box. Not to get sideways, but Charlotte, the Charlotte metro area is the second largest banking industry [music] in the country next to New York. So, we have a tremendous amount of um it it's a melting pot and it's very transient. [music] So, we've had to think outside the box and you got to roll with the punches. [music] And you know, we're rolling with the punches right now. It seems as though there's always unchartered waters, but in a weird way, I kind of like that. That's very unique way of looking at it. And what other business [music] really has as much uncharted waters, I think, as real estate. So, I don't know if that's just from [music] growing up in real estate and being used to that, but I I don't think I've really seen any other industry [music] that changes so dynamically at a flip of a hat. Yeah. [music] And there's there's no book that you can read. There's no one book. There's no class you can take and certainly not licensing. Um you experience is everything. It is it is absolutely [music] everything because we keep saying that we've got a story for anything that can happen and um we keep adding to the stories. It's like one of those ones where [music] uh I've heard never say um I won't do that or I don't do that because it's going to [music] happen as soon as you say >> you know >> it's going to happen. it's gonna happen. And I we choose to we choose to try to handle the objections, [music] laugh about it, and create a memory. And um I'm all about creating memories. I love that. So, let's dive a little bit more and deeper into your origin story of how you [music] got here. So, what made you jump into real estate? And we've kind of hit on what has kept you here, but what truly keeps you going? Cuz I feel like real [music] estate, that's one of those ones that you really have to have the passion [music] like you do. Otherwise, it's going to be hard to get up and get motivated. Okay, I'll sort of do the cliffnote version. I went to college never dreaming that I would do real estate. I went to college and majored in journalism or communications and minored in [music] international business. And I thought, I'm going to be on TV and I'm [music] going to talk to the world. And so immediately I came out. I [music] went to work for the best station in our area and I realized, oh, this is not for me. This is not for me. and I've just spent four years [music] in college and my parents a whole lot of money and this is not for me. So at the same time a developer was approaching my parents because we were fortunate enough to inherit some property and the developer was trying to buy property from my parents and they he would come and visit them and my dad would say I'm not selling you property. you're not from this area. [music] I'm not selling you property. And my mom would say, "Our daughter would be really good at this." And then he would leave. And months later, he would ask to come back and he'd come back again and try to be super pushy. Which just made my dad so mad. And then my mom would say, "You know, our daughter would be really, really good at this." And so she said, "You know, I think you ought to talk to this guy." And at that point, he had assembled um the developer had assembled almost 900 acres adjacent to some of my family's [music] property and was going to be doing a golf course development. And that was in 1989. [music] I was like three then when I was starting this. I'm kidding. Um so um I I started working for the developer and I knew immediately I could not get enough information and I I just I couldn't I was so curious and I was so hungry for it [music] that as I mentioned earlier I I've represented as many as eight builders at one time in various developments. I've gone through uh assembling the land, naming streets, working with grading contractors, working with engineers, [music] working with investment folks as far as um money folks as and [music] as well as investors buying to rent properties. Um I I [music] got a wonderful foundation and um that gentleman also taught me immediately how important it was for to um keep getting education that it's never over. You haven't ever checked a box. And [music] um so that's how I got started. I worked for him for for 12 years. And in that time, I had our first child, Anna. [music] And I thought, I can't work 7 days a week for somebody else. Although I loved what I did. I thought, I've got to break out into general brokerage. And um it took me a it took me a while cuz it it was a a very [music] good situation I was in. But thank goodness I did. And almost immediately when I started in general brokerage, I knew immediately what firm I wanted to go with. [music] They sell the most real estate in the world. They're above the clouds. They're the best of the best. [music] And I also looked online and found a what was called a university. Well, I didn't know what a university was. It was a listing university and it was going to be in Atlanta, Georgia. [music] And at that point, I didn't have an office manager, an assistant. It was me and I was a single [music] agent. So, I went to Atlanta, which was the Star Power listing [music] university, and I was all by myself, and I can still remember who was there, who the cadre was, who the teachers were, the the other students that I met, [music] and it changed my life. It absolutely [music] catapulted me deeper into residential real estate sales and that was gosh, you know, back in the early 2000s [music] and I just kept and I still take classes online. We're fortunate at least that's what co co gave us that we've got online opportunities. [music] Um but every situation is different. Every single solitary situation has [music] its own quirks and turns and you got to be willing to turn on a dime. And I always like to say I want to put my client in a financial strength position. So I'm still curious. I'm [music] still anxious in a very positive way because it's an extraordinary opportunity. And that's kind of the the cliffnote version of how Gina got involved in real estate. I love the clipote version [music] for many reasons. Uh, one, the star power is how we've crossed paths [music] thankfully. Um, so I'm going to do a shameless little plug here because I'm the marketer of [music] star power. If you haven't attended a star power event and you haven't experienced the culture, I feel like Gina just gave a perfect example. We have had I can't [music] tell you how many hundreds of stories just like Gina's of they go to one event with Star Power and you're in it for life [music] because of all the connections that you make and we do truly try to make it a family. So again, I will link it somewhere on here so you can go [music] see YouTube the Star Power YouTube page and come meet Gina and I because we'll have >> and yeah, I want anybody to call me because [music] I I mean it Alyssa said it right. the culture and the [music] giving. I' I've been to all kinds of conferences and um I've just never experienced anything quite like it. And they people there are some of my dearest [music] friends um you know not just in business but have become personal family friends for [music] for my husband and my kids. I love that. So that leads me perfectly into [music] my next question. What's something you wish someone would have told you before you got started? So, all those agents right now that are sitting and listening, what is something that [music] you wish you would have known before you jumped in? >> Um, I wish I would have known Star Power [music] earlier than I knew it, even though I I knew it pretty pretty soon. I wish I had known that the [music] level of counseling that we do. I always tell people I'm not certified to be a counselor on every [music] level from grief to divorce to new babies to family to I [music] mean I'm not certified and people in turn say you might be certifiable though. [music] So um I I didn't know that part of it. Um, I also had [music] no earthly idea that and I'm I mean this is probably this is the best part. One of the things that I learned that is called clients for [music] life or raving fans that star power uses and I know I keep bringing that up and that's not the intent [music] of our talk but um it truly they're clients for life. I mean, I've been doing this now, like I said, since 1989. [music] And I've sold, you know, as many as 12 houses to one person, as well as their parents, as well as their aunts, their uncles, their grandparents' houses. Now, I'm starting to sell to my uh client's children. [music] And it's the relationship that is the best reward [music] and the biggest surprise and an ongoing celebration. Um, this is not a part-time job. People that get their license and want to get rich quick, um, [music] it's not a part-time job. It is a full-time heartfelt [music] passion that you've got to know how to lead people into [music] doing their goals, not your goals, their goals. Um, something that I've recently started saying [music] is, um, I want our team to lead with heart and earn with passion. Uh, excuse me, that too. lead with heart and earn with purpose. [music] Purpose and passion. So, I I don't want to just Yes. Sometimes it can be very financially rewarding. Um but that's not what drives me. [music] It's the It's the people and the relationships and the memories and the stories [music] and I'm I'm not retiring. I'm just I'm just going to keep doing this. >> I love that. I love I truly love your passion and not just for real estate, but just your [music] passion in general. It's just one to sit back and watch and enjoy [music] and admire and look up to. So, thank you. Thank you. And I'm so glad our paths crossed. >> Me, too. And if anybody is looking for [music] somebody to, you know, grab their hand and take hold, Gina, she's [music] already said it. Get her number. It will be here. It will be in the descriptions. We'll put it on screen. Contact her. [music] She's she's so open to it. So, let's bring it back to your local market [music] and let's think of the buyers coming here. So, if somebody's moving from New York, Florida, what's one thing that they don't know, but they should definitely know about your market? >> Well, um I'm going to first of all, I have zero filter. I say it like it is. I try to be southern when I say it because I'm because I'm southern. Um, our market is very transient. [music] I mentioned that before. Our market is about three and a half hours from the coast. So, ocean [music] front and 3 and 1 half hour drive. About an hour and a half from the North Carolina mountains. in our [music] Charlotte metro area is we have four defined [music] seasons which is fantastic. We used to be you mentioned New York and you mentioned Florida. [music] That's pretty funny because we used to be what they call a halfback state. [music] So when people from New York and New Jersey would go to Florida during their [music] winter months, they would stop here on the way down and here on the way back. [music] Well, now Florida, ironically, is the state that we have the most people moving from. A lot of people would not think that. A lot of people would think it was New York, New Jersey, [music] California even. Um, but Florida is because the halfbacks actually stayed. I am a big minority as far as being a native to this area. We bring [music] a different knowledge, different experience level to every one of our clients, buyers and sellers. I mean, I I could have very well named the streets in the neighborhood that you live in. So, the geography, the weather, the fact that we have so many um support businesses to the banking industry as well as Lowe's corporate [music] is their headquarters is here. Uh and we've got other headquarters that are coming to Charlotte because [music] taxes, we're affordable, climate, we're fun, and it's my hometown. And that's what they should know. It is my hometown and they should get here. >> Now, when you say your hometown, just because I know this, but let them know how many years back and generations back actually like your [music] hometown goes. It's not just you who's native. Like how far back does has your family been? >> Right. So, so my dad's family, my both my parents are from this area. [music] My dad's family um has literally been here and I do say literally for over 200 years. Um we are very humbled [music] that we get to drive on a street named after our family and um my brothers and cousins and I sold some property a few years ago. Um we keep most property [music] but we did sell this property that we had had in our family since the King's Grant. So, we go way back and I could go [music] down a deep deep deep very fun rabbit hole with stories and maybe we'll talk again and I'll do [music] that and talk about North Mechanburgg and what it was even 40 years ago and what it is today. Um, I'm thrilled to have people come here and [music] um, if they don't like it, call me and we'll get you right back where you came from in the best possible way. That was a nice politically [music] correct way to say when in Rome, act as the Romans. It's beautiful. Okay, so I'm going to wrap up with one last question [music] here. And you can choose one. It doesn't have to be the one that I may be thinking of, but what's your craziest or funniest thing that has ever happened to you during [music] a showing? Well, I'm going to tell you. I've got some stories. I've got lots of stories. I've got Well, I'm just [music] I'll tell you this story has never made it online. It's made it on stage across the United States of America. I did not know that I was going to be asked this question, but I want from the [music] depths of my heart to share this with you as a seller, as a buyer, and most importantly as a [music] real estate agent. Okay, here's the short version. on a [music] Friday afternoon. Um I was showing a house to my buyers. Beautiful 3 and 1/2 acre home with a pool and a [music] hot tub and everything. This particular family was moving here. They had I was selling their current house here, but they had moved to North Carolina from Wisconsin. They were huge, huge bowlers. Okay. So, there's people here from all over. So, [music] bowling's a big thing now. But when I grew up, I mean, I just knew a bowling ball on TV. Anyway, they're big bowlers and they do everything together as a family. [music] So, we went to look at a house and oh, I can't believe I'm telling this online and for the world to see. Okay, so we went to look at a house and um Friday afternoon, very important to know. And while we were looking at the home, their entire family was with them. Again, [music] they do things together. I respect that. I love that. We're looking at the home and all of a sudden I started to have a stomach ache. Okay, agents, [music] listen to me. Do not use the bathroom in a house that you sell. I do not care. Go outside. Go in the bushes. [music] Do not do it. I don't care. Well, I was in a predicament. And so we um I started showing the house. I had to go to the bathroom. I found the closest bathroom which was a hall bathroom beside the [music] kitchen with a pocket door. All of this very important information. I [music] go to the bathroom. The bathroom was a little country house. Had little country wallpaper on [music] the house. Little sink in there. Again, important. Um [music] and I proceeded to go to the bathroom. Um it um in the south um they would probably refer it to as dysentery. Um so you can look that up if you don't know what it means. So I go to the bathroom and I hear my clients coming [music] near the bathroom and I'm like, "Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness." So I'm like looking for spray. [music] I'm looking for stuff. So I reach back. I flushed the toilet and folks, it shot up like a bedet. It shot on the walls. Everything I had done in that potty shot on the walls. It shot on the wallpaper. It was dripping down the wallpaper. And remember I told you I had a um pocket door. The Okay. What we did not know is the floors weren't level. And so the stuff that came out of the toilet goes sliding out underneath [music] the pocket door down the hallway. I'm not making this up. You cannot make this up. And I thought, "Oh my god. Oh my god. What am I going to do? What am I going to do?" And [music] so I I I flushed. I mean, I I'm like, "Okay, there's just crap everywhere." I mean, I'm just going to tell you, it's just crap. [music] And um so I hear them coming and they're like, "We haven't seen the half bath." And I'm like, "Oh god. Oh god. [laughter] But trust me, the half bath is there. The half bath is there. So, I'm trying to wipe up the hallway and I said, "Why don't y'all go [music] outside and look at the pool in the fresh clean air?" So, they agreed with that. Now, [music] mind you guys, this is on a septic system. Real estate agents, you need to know what a septic system is. If you have any [music] questions about that, you feel free to call me, [singing] DM me, comment below, whatever. [music] But it is on a septic system. I grew up on a farm and so I know that there's a way that you can flush a toilet um without having to flush the toilet [music] again. So I go in the kitchen and I find the biggest pot I could possibly find and I fill it up with water cuz I'm going to manually flush the [music] toilet. Well, these people had cleaned up so good they had no they had nothing around for me to to try to clean anything [music] else. So I thought there's nothing I can do. But I thought in the back of my head, I'm selling this house. [music] I am selling this house. Come hell or high water. Excuse my language, but I'm selling this house. So, they come back in and they're they're like, "We love this house. We want to buy this house." Well, y'all, my stomach started hurting again. And I thought, "Have mercy. I don't know what I want to do." And so, I go upstairs cuz I knew they had already been upstairs. [music] And so, I go upstairs. I am I am I'm hurting. I go to the bathroom and I thought surely to heaven it's not gonna happen again. How can the bedet thing happen again? It did y'all. It happened again the [music] second time. Crap on the walls. I mean I I mean again it happened again y'all. There's there's only one more bathroom in the house and I'm thinking we got to get out of here. We have got to get out of here. >> [music] >> So, they go out and they say, "We want to buy this house." And I said, "Fantastic. I'm going to let [music] you know that I think that there's some septic issues in this house. So, we probably need to [music] make that part of the offer." Well, I had to go to go get a contract. that was this was before um the docu sign the digi sign days and so I needed [music] them to actually sign it. So I tell them I'm going to meet them back. Well folks I'm going [music] I'm going to speed up the end. Um I called friends. They didn't answer the phone. I tried to call like maid company to [music] come clean. Y'all people lived in this house. There were people that lived in this house and you cannot tell me that they did not know that they had septic issues. This had happened to them, too. Um, so I called my husband and I said, I was crying and those of you who know me, I I' I've got to be I'm pretty compassionate, but in a in a I'm not going to cry out of sheer panic. But buddy, I was [music] crying because I mean, basically, I'm showing a house. It's got crap on the wall. It's got crap going down their uneven floor. It's basically crap everywhere. I called my husband and I said, "You've got to come help me." [music] And I cannot say what I He said, "I can't come right now." And um well, let's [music] just say, you can probably imagine what my response was on that. Fast forward, he comes he he calls me and he says, "Okay, I'm bringing the wet [music] back. I've still got on my work clothes, which back then consisted of a tie, you know, and dress [music] clothes. He gets to the house. I meet him over there. We drive in the the driveway and the owners of the house, not my clients, the sellers, [music] the owners are sitting there in their car in the driveway. You know why they're in the car? Because there's crap all over their house. And so I had to look at them and say, "Oh, I'm so sorry. We've come back to [music] clean up the mess. I think you have a septic issue. We're gonna write an offer. Could y'all leave while we clean this up? So, that was a [music] little awkward. We go inside and my husband goes in the first bathroom and walks back out and said, "You have outdone yourself this time." I said, "Just hurry up. We got to sell the house." So, I He got it cleaned up. There was a major [music] septic issue that the sellers did take care of for my folks. I want you to know that the people that bought that house are still very very dear friends of mine and [music] they have moved out of state and um it was an amazing learning experience [music] but sometimes you just have to laugh at yourself. You have to laugh at yourself. Um there's a lot of ways that could that could have gone. We sold the house for list price. They lived a happy life there [music] again. and we fix the septic and um that's just one of my stories. [music] That is what this story is so good that people tried to steal this story and make it their own. I mean really. [music] So anyway, I love this business and um I cleaned that story up a little bit for [music] um the world to hear. And Alyssa, I want to thank you for not telling me we were going to talk about this [music] and for allowing me to share my experiences from the bottom of my heart. My pleasure. Because that story, [music] I mean, it's just one of those ones. The first time I heard it, I was sitting there and it was like, only in real estate would you have a crappy story like this. >> Only in real estate. >> Only in real estate. only in real estate. Don't use the bathroom, folks. [music] If you're a buyer, a seller, I'm telling you, just don't do it. Hold it. >> Oh man. [music] Okay. Well, >> fun times. >> I just have to thank you so much for being on, Gina. And for anybody who's interested, yes, Miss Gina has her own YouTube channel. We will link it here so you can go hear more stories because [music] I'm sure she will be putting out more maybe with some encouragement. >> Yes, [laughter] some encouragement. Please, please, please subscribe because um this is my this is my new thing that I want to have [music] an incredible YouTube channel to give you the experience and some some knowledge that you can't find [music] anywhere else. And plus, maybe, just maybe, I can be [music] a Charmin influencer. Who knows where this is going to go? Okay, so we'll put a pretty little bow on this. [music] Where can the people find you? Email, phone number, and then what [music] social media other outlets would you like them to venture? We got YouTube. So, is there any more? >> Um, Instagram, Gina Harris, Gina Maze Harris. LinkedIn, Gina [music] Harris. And also on Facebook, look me up. My phone number is 704-5898166. [music] And I am a ReMax agent with Remax Executive in [music] uh Charlotte, North Carolina. The best ReMax office in the country. and definitely in the southeast and I do own Maize Harris Realy because of my history here [music] and I want to use my name and honor my dad's family. Um, so my email is gina mazeharrisy.com and hopefully Alyssa you can post that because sometimes it's hard to spell. >> Yes, it does. and AI glitches out all the time. So, don't be going to your large language models because they will probably mess it up. [music] So, we'll put all the information down below for Gina. Gina. Wow. See, now I guess I tapped into [music] AI because it just And if you all are enjoying these episodes as well as all of my AI content, don't forget to subscribe [music] to this channel, then go to Gina's channel and subscribe there, and then go to Star Powers's channel because it's been dropped a lot on this episode as well. So, all these new channels [music] for you to explore and enjoy. and we are all so grateful for you tuning [music] in and we'll see you next time. >> Thank you. Thank you so much. Thank you, Gina.

- The One Housing Mistake Every Retiree Makes in Johnson City: Kind: captions Language: en There's a term we use in the real estate industry known as halfbacks. Maybe you've heard of it. For decades, the American dream for northerners or Midwesterners, it was simple. You retire, move to Florida, and never look back. But in 2026, the dream has a new destination, and it's exactly halfway back up the coast. Thousands of retirees are fleeing the Sunshine State, citing this hidden tax that's eating their savings alive. And we're talking about homeowners insurance premiums. They've skyrocketed to over $7,000 a year and a cost of living that's finally pushed them to the breaking point. Today, we're looking at why the northeast corner of Tennessee has become a popular Heathback haven. I'll show you the exact math on how moving from Sarasota, as an example, to Johnson City, Tennessee, can put you an extra $600 a month into your pocket, even with Tennessee's high sales tax. If you're feeling Florida fatigue or if you just want to avoid it all up front, you can't afford to miss this breakdown. So, let's dive in. So, who are at the Halfbackers? After spending 30 or 40 years in careers, a lot of people from the Northeast and the Midwest decide that they want to retire to Florida. They're sick of the cold winters and they can see themselves in the warm sunshine playing golf, lying on the beach, or spending time with all their new friends in those senior communities. And I understand the draw. Retirement friendly communities are all over the place. The ocean is usually relatively close. No more cold winters, plus no state income tax. Florida's done a good job making itself retirement friendly. you can mostly get more home for your money there, especially compared to the Northeast, and property taxes are usually far less in Florida. It all sounds great. So, they sell their house and make the move. So, after spending 2 or 3 years dealing with the high heat and humidity, the threat of hurricanes, overcrowding, and the skyrocketing insurance premiums, a lot of the New York Fidians realize they might have made a mistake. So they move halfway back trying to find a compromise. And where do they land? Some people find North or South Carolina, some northern Georgia, and some in Virginia, but many of them wind up right here in Tennessee, and often the northeast part of the state. In fact, Florida is now the single largest source of new residents for Tennessee. Roughly 25,000 people move from Florida to Tennessee every year. So why are they picking Tennessee? Well, that's what we're here to talk about today. You've worked hard for decades to build your nest egg. And the last thing you want to do is move somewhere that drains your bank account every month, not leaving enough money to do all the things that you want to enjoy. You also don't want to be left without access to good medical care. I'm Scott Hinger with Expy. My wife Kim and I specialize in helping people move here from out of state. And today we're taking a deep dive into the numbers of retiring into northeast Tennessee. We'll also look at the other factors driving retirees to our area such as the weather, outdoor activities, the healthc care reality, and the onelevel living housing shortage that nobody else is telling you about. Let's start with the number one driver, your money. The lack of an income tax is one of the reasons a lot of people nationwide choose Tennessee, not just retirees. However, Tennessee isn't the only state with zero income tax. There are actually nine US states that don't tax residents income. They're Alaska, Florida, Nevada, South Dakota, Tennessee, Texas, Washington, Wyoming, and New Hampshire. However, not everyone's willing to live in Alaska or South Dakota, for example. And if you want to stay on the East Coast, that really narrows down your options to Florida or Tennessee. Now, you might be thinking, "I'm retired and I don't have a salary, so why does state income tax even matter?" Well, the lack of income tax also applies to your retirement income, including social security, pension withdrawals, as well as IRA and 401k distributions. If you're coming from a state that takes five, seven, or even 10% of your retirement income, moving here is essentially giving yourself an immediate raise. That's money that can go toward travel, the grandkids, or just patting your savings retirement against inflation. If you're coming from Florida, then you can appreciate what not having an income tax can do for your bottom line. When you take the lack of income tax, combine that with our area's low property taxes, you really start seeing some significant savings by moving here from other parts of the country. I mentioned this in one of our other videos, but for a retiree on a fixed income, predictability is everything. You don't want taxes and insurance doubling on you if it isn't in your budget. So, we know when it comes to income tax that Florida and Tennessee are equals, but how do Florida and Tennessee compare when it comes to property taxes? Let's compare Sarasota, Florida, and Johnson City, Tennessee. Both are smalish to medium-siz cities. I think Sarasota has roughly 55,000 residents and Johnson City has about 75,000. So they make for good points of comparison. The effective property tax rate in Sarasota is between 79% and 85%. In Johnson City, Tennessee, this is just.57% making it roughly 30% lower. So, there's a lack of income tax in both lower property taxes here than in a good bit of Florida, not even talking about those really high property taxes in the Northeast. So, what else? Well, if you're coming from Florida, which also doesn't have the state income tax, you might be saying to yourself, "Is this really going to save me that much money? Just a property tax difference. Is that enough to make me want to move again?" Well, we need to talk about a hidden tax. If you own a home in Florida and that's your home owner's insurance, Florida's homeowner insurance rates are the highest in the nation on average. I pulled some data for comparison and the average homeowners insurance in Sarasota, Florida is over $7,100 a year. While in Johnson City, that average is just over $2,100 a year. So on average, moving from Sarasota to Johnson City would save you about $5,000 every year. And when you're on a fixed income, that can really add up. In fairness, though, I need to point out a downside. Tennessee has a higher sales tax rate, generally ranging from 9 and a quarter to 9.75% depending on which city and county you're in. This means that while you're saved significantly on income tax, you will pay a bit more on your purchases. Sarasota, for example, has a 7% sales tax rate. However, Florida does not charge sales tax on most groceries, while Tennessee does, even though it's at a lower rate. The grocery tax rate in Tennessee is composed of two portions. The state portion is 4% and the local is around 2 and a.5%. So, you're looking at about 6 12% tax on food in Johnson City while none in Florida. Of course, it depends on how much you spend on groceries over a year, but you could be looking at an extra $600 or $700 annually. There is some potentially good news on the horizon, though. As of February of 2026, there was a big movement in the Tennessee legislature to finally eliminate the state portion of the grocery tax by July this year. If that passes, the tax on food could drop from around 6.5% to just a 2 and 12% local rate. However, for the vast majority of retirees, the overall tax savings still work out to be a significant advantage by living in Tennessee. Even with one of the highest sales tax rates in the country, the average retiree in northeast Tennessee still comes out $6 to $8,000 ahead annually compared to Florida simply because the insurance and housing savings are so massive. Now, let's talk about the cost of housing. So, while Nashville and Knoxville prices spiked over the last several years, our northeast corner remains more affordable than other pockets in the state. Let's go back to our example comparing Sarasota and Johnson City. A median priced home in Sarasota as of now, February of 2026, is 474,700. The Johnson City median home price is just over $282,000, approximately 40% less. This leaves you with roughly $190,000 of cash to pad that retirement portfolio. And in the Tri Cities, your property tax on that no new home will be roughly $2,000 a year. Whereas the same home in Florida could easily run you 3500 to 4,000 a year once your Save Our Home cap resets for the new buyer. And we've already talked about home owners insurance, which could be roughly another 5,000 a year. Now, we didn't talk about utilities, but just so you know, the average electric bill in Sarasota versus Johnson City would save you between 80 and $100 a month, too, as power is a lot less expensive here. It all really adds up. So, after finances, the second question a lot of retirees ask me is how's the healthcare? Now, this is where Northeast Tennessee really punches above its weight class, especially for one specific group, veterans. If you're a veteran, Johnson City is home to the Mountain Home VA Medical Center. It's a huge top tier facility, and it's a teaching hospital. We've had clients choose the area specifically so that they could be within a 20-minute drive of the Mountain Home facility. For the general public, our health care system is mostly dominated by Ballot Health. They operate the major hospitals in Johnson City, Kingsport, and Bristol. There are a couple of other options in the area, but Ballad Health is the primary provider. And because we have a medical school here at ETSU and a pharmacy school, we have access to specialists that you might not typically find in a region this size. You don't usually have to drive to Nashville or Duke for major procedures either, and we have our own level one trauma facility right here. Now, the con, because it's a largely consolidated systems, locals will tell you that wait times can be longer and booking a new specialist can sometimes take months depending on the specialty. However, I can tell you from personal experience that if you just need some general surgery done, you can usually get in to see a surgeon within a couple of weeks and a surgery could be scheduled as soon as the next two weeks afterwards. It's pretty easy to find a new primary care provider. Also, we have cancer centers, heart centers, and children's hospitals in the area. If you have a very specific rare condition, you might still need to travel, but for probably 99% of your health care needs, you're going to be very well covered compared to other rural retirement areas. Now, let's talk about where you're going to live. And this is the part where I need to warn you about if you're coming from Florida, and that's the topography. We live at the base of or in the mountains. That means hills. Many of the older neighborhoods here could have steep driveways or split level homes with lots of stairs. The m vast majority of new construction development is happening on old pasture land which tends to be more level and that's helping but there's still a shortage. Just about every week I get calls from retirees saying, "I want a 2,000 square foot brick ranch, fully updated on a flat lot for $300,000." I call that the unicorn. Everyone wants main level living because they're thinking about being able to get around in 10 or 20 years down the road. And because demand is so high for these specific homes, they can sell for a premium when you find one. If you're open to a patio home or a plan community where the HOA takes care of the mowing, we have some options in the area, but you need to prepare to move fast when one comes on the market. So, I started this video talking about halfbacks leaving Florida. Why do so many of them leave? The heat. But they don't move back to New York. Why? The snow. Another reason people were picking Tennessee is that there is a lot of natural beauty and things to enjoy outdoors. And since the weather is more moderate, you can enjoy it more often. The mountains are close by and we don't have hurricanes. Here in northeast Tennessee, we have four distinct seasons, but the winters are generally mild. Most of the people that have lived in the Northeast or the Midwest don't want to go back to those big north winters, but they miss having the four seasons when they move to Florida where you basically get eight or nine months of summer. Northeast Tennessee is kind of in a Goldilocks zone. We have four distinct seasons. The bright colors of spring pop up everywhere as we come out of winter. You'll start seeing flowers pop up sometimes as early as late February, but certainly in March. Summer is warm enough for the lakes to be used, but it cools down at night, especially if you're in the mountains. Is it hot and humid? Yeah, it's as hot and humid as Florida. Absolutely not. The fall, people drive here from all over the world just to see our leaves. Winter, it brings us a few inches of snow a year, usually just enough to be pretty, and it's melted by the afternoon, so you aren't shoveling your driveway for 3 months straight. If you're an active retiree into golf, fishing, hiking, or pickle ball, yes, we have a huge pickle ball scene here. The climate lets you be outside 9 or 10 months out of the year. Finally, I want to touch base on the fear of isolation. Moving to a new state where you don't know anyone can be scary. But here's a secret. A lot of people here are new. Because we've had so many people move here from out of state in the last four years, it is incredibly easy to find your tribe. Whether it's through a local church, a newcomer's club, or just meeting neighbors who also moved from California, Illinois, or New York, you'll find a community here very quickly. And our median age of 44.7 is significantly higher than the national average, showing you how it's slowly turning into a retirement destination. So, is a halfback move to northeast Tennessee actually worth it? If you're looking at numbers alone, the answer is absolutely yes. Even with Tennessee's higher sales tax, the average retiree moving from Florida to the Tri Cities is looking at a net gain of over $7,000 a year just by slashing their insurance and property tax bills. But beyond the numbers, there's a lifestyle shift here that Florida just can't replicate anymore. You're trading flat, overcrowded coastlines for four distinct seasons. really good health care that isn't at capacity and a community where your retirement check actually has some room to breathe. All that and the people are genuinely nice. If you're tired of the Florida heat, both the weather and the prices, maybe it's time to look halfway back. If this video helped you make sense of your next move, hit that like button and please subscribe for more deep dives into what our area offers and see if it makes sense for your situation. Also, if you'd like a copy of our relocation guide, there's a link in the description. I'm Scott Hinger with Expy. Welcome to the best years of your life.

  Top Comments:
  1. @HighTones: More movers to northeast tennessee means more homes being built and property taxes increasing dramactically and another way for TVA to increase utilities. Highways and local roads already can't handle the strain of all the new traffic from new residents and its getting worse. Traveling home in the evening is a nightmare in JC. Unless you want to live in Beulah Dean give it a 2nd thought.
  2. @Bravebelly: I feel like there’s way more things going on in Sarasota compared to JC..

- Top 5 Active Adult 55+ Communities in North Atlanta [2026 Guide]: Kind: captions Language: en Hey everyone, I'm Amy Paris Cook, your North Georgia realtor. And we are seeing in Georgia, we are seeing sort of a migration trend. And we are calling the people who are migrating to Georgia, we're calling them halfbacks. And you'll see what I mean in a minute. These are folks who have moved to Florida and they are they retired there and they are experiencing Florida fatigue. They are realizing they don't want to deal with 10 months of humidity. Maybe they are experiencing astronomical increases in their insurance and among other things. Maybe they decided on a vacation that Florida would be a good place to live and they've decided that wasn't the greatest thing. Plus, they're realizing that maybe they don't want to be a whole flight away from their kids and their grandkids. [music] And so, they are moving halfway back to North Georgia, whereas they moved from the north all the way down to Florida. They're moving kind of halfway back, right? They don't want to move all the way back to [music] to wherever they came from, but they want those four seasons. They want some cooler weather, and they want a lot of things that Georgia has to offer. And again, they want to be close to their grandkids. [music] So, the biggest question I get is, should I buy resale or should I buy a new build? [music] And there is no oneizefitsall answer. Some of my clients, they want turnkey homes with mature landscaping. Other clients want that blank slate, brand new [music] 2026 energy efficiency and a full warranty. [music] And today we're going to deep dive into five communities and I'm going to show you exactly what your money buys in both the new and the resale markets. First, we're in Hushon and that's Hushton, not Hton, just so you know. We're talking about Hushton and the community is Crestwind at Twin Lakes. Say that five [music] times fast. >> Hushton Crestwind at Twin Lakes. >> This is a high energy community and they have over 40 pickle ball courts. Yes, you heard me right. 40 [music] pickle ball courts. Do we have any pickle ball fans out there? Anybody taking up pickle ball in the last few years? So, let's talk about their HOA because everybody we know that the HOA can be a little bit high in an over 55 community. So, in Crestwind, the fee as of 2026 [music] is $299 a month. And this covers your cable, high-speed internet, security, full lawn maintenance, [music] among other things, all those amazing amenities that Crestwind offers. If you want a brand new home in Crestwind, there's one called the Spruce. [music] It is a 2800 square foot ranch, which is a nice size for someone who's downsizing from, say, a 4,000 square foot or larger home. And base prices for the Spruce, [music] they start in the high 500s. The win here is you get a house that's never been lived in. It's [music] just brand new, all for you, built to the latest 2026 Energy Star standards. [music] And often builders are offering huge design credits to help you customize your dream kitchen. We're talking maybe $20,000 to put toward those choices that you're going to make to make that kitchen exactly the way that you want it. So, that's a big pull for a new build. [music] On the flip side, resales are averaging about $652,000 in Crest Winds. [music] And you're asking why the higher price for a resale? Well, it's because those homes are turnkey. They already have the $15,000 worth of plantation shutters. They have the fenced backyard and they have all the landscaping that the buyer put in after they built. And so the bottom line is you choose new if you want to pick every tile and drawer pull and you choose resale if you want to move in next month and have a finished yard on day one and maybe even a fence for your dog. For more of a neighborhood kind of feel, we will talk about the retreat at Sterling on the Lake in Flowery Branch. So it's a gated enclave within a master community. You get your own private 55 plus community clubhouse. [music] It's called the lodge. But you also can still take the grandkids [music] to the massive treehouse that they have, the resort pools in the family section, [music] and all the other things that they have in the family section of Sterling on the Lake. And so, as far as the HOA goes, it's a little high uh because it's a dual fee community. It totals about $450 a month in 2026. Of course, you're always going to want to check those [music] HOA fees can change at any time. Again, this is higher than some, but it buys you access to multiple clubouses and private lakes for kayaking. So, check [music] it out. The Retreat at Sterling on the Lake. So, this section is almost entirely resale. Average prices are sitting between 560,000 and 610,000. And this is for the buyer who wants privacy and a settled feel with mature trees that new construction just can't offer yet. [music] If you want that five-star hotel vibe, we need to go on over to Del Webb at Chateau Elon. The HOA for this neighborhood in 2026. Again, you're going to want to check those fees. They can change at any time. [music] Uh it's about $325 a month and it supports that incredible heated indoor pool. It's a lap pool for your exercise every morning and they also have a wonderful fitness center. Dell Webb is still actively building and for a halfback who is coming from a high-te state, the appeal of a 10-year structural warranty and a 2026 grade [music] HVAC system is huge for peace of mind. So, this is interesting. The community actually straddles Gwynette and Hall counties. And this is important especially for seniors because in Hall County you have a total exemption at age 70 [music] with no income limit. Whereas in Gwynette County you have the senior school exemption and it's incomebased. As your realtor I pull the tax maps and help you know which county we're looking at so we can look at all the numbers before you make a move. If you're tired of the 55 plus floor [music] plans, the Grand in Brazilton is the 2026 newcomer. This is [music] a boutique version of the mega resorts. It's gated and it [music] features 2026 design aesthetics. Think massive islands, soaring [music] ceilings, and spa-ike primary baths. HOA fees are estimated at about $315 a month. Again, you're going to want to check those because they can change at any time. And pricing is currently in the high 400s to 700s. This is for the person who wants a brand new home within a smaller, more intimate community where you'll know all your neighbors by name within a month. Finally, we have the Village at Deon Creek. It's resale only, but it is still the gold standard for social life with over 100 active social clubs. The HOA fees in 2026 are $312 plus [music] a temporary $35 assessment for community improvements which [music] totals $347. Again, these can change at any time, so check them. That fee maintains a massive, beautiful 35,000 square ft [music] clubhouse. Median sale prices are around $54,000, but detached estate homes on basement can hit upwards of $800,000. [music] This is for the buyer who wants an instant social life in a community where the infrastructure is 100% complete. There's nothing to guess about. It's all there already. It's established. >> [music] >> So, is it new construction with a warranty and modern tech or a resale with mature trees and finished [music] upgrades and maybe a fence? Both are fantastic wins here in North Georgia. Again, I'm Amy Paris Cook, your North Georgia realtor, and we would love to see you in our Facebook group, Georgia [music] Retirement and Downsizing Community. You can get opinions from people who have already made the move to Georgia or who are looking to make the move to Georgia. So, come on and join us in our Facebook group. [music] Thanks for watching and we'll see you next time.

  Top Comments:
  1. @movingtonorthatlanta: Schedule a 30 minute meeting with me and let's chat about your real estate needs: https://calendly.com/amypcook/15min

- Fox-human creature entertains thousands at Karachi zoo in Pakistan: Kind: captions Language: en-GB Thousands of families have been flocking to Karachi Zoo. Mumtaz is a mythical half-fox, half-woman creature who also talks to visitors. The people who visit here go away happy and knowing that they feel happy makes me happy too. There is a bond of love between me and them. Life is very short, it should be spent spreading smiles. The creature is played by a man who dresses as a woman who looks like she is attached to the body of a fox. 33-year-old Murad Ali is the man behind Mumtaz, playing her character for 12 hours every day. He inherited the role from his father who died 16 years ago. In addition to witty conversation, Mumtaz is also known as a fortune teller. Students come to her with questions about their exam results. I had a nice talk with her. I'm really happy. I'm happy I came here. The director of the zoo says Mumtaz became a permanent exhibit after a few people from a circus offered to set up the attraction in the zoo 40 years ago. Mumtaz has always been played by men because they are able to respond better to those who harass Mumtaz.

  Top Comments:
  1. @GraafBalzakvanderHamme [2 likes]: Woke nonsense strikes again....
  2. @GeorgeBriggs-m6m [1 likes]: I don’t think I’m gonna buy this one
  3. @travelersoloasd: 😂
  4. @PaulaDaniels-n5e: Mentally deranged!
  5. @vasiliskiys: Какая чушь😂
  6. @FaizaKhan-c7s: Ab Karachi zoo me bhi families safe nahi hain
  7. @JayDaMan3d: Satanism and occult traditions. Not hard to see. For those who don't, the fox symbolizes deception.
  8. @Therealme-lfd: Bahahahahahahahhahah
  9. @noffiKing: When I was about 10 years old in 1998,my brother took me to lucky Irani circus and there was something like this and I got so much afraid that I started crying 😂😂😂😂
  10. @queenofhearts27-01: bruh my mom told me about this fox lady guy and it gave me nightmares for weeks after it was on trending i think it was when i was 5 or 6 years old at the time when i got to know about this fox lady, and today i had a sudden thought about the 'fox body lady' after 11 years and searched it up, it still gave me the goose bumps of fear even after seeing it a decade later, way to go fox lady 😂👍
  11. @saadrizwan4930: 😊
  12. @outgearr4153: タートル・トーク的な人気ってことか
  13. @Abrakadara-532: That job sucks...
  14. @Youneverknow222: Seems like your typical democrat in the usa 😂
  15. @moyurbird7829: So sad that these ppl have to result to such humiliating methods of earning a decent living due to evil British colonial cult looting and dividing our country 😢
  16. @muhammadfarooqi: ahahahah. .a man hiding in the box.. takes rest for every few hours.. fake fox skin is there moving with sticks inside.. :-D
  17. @FatonuUlyas-u8f: AI in real life 😊
  18. @skagaguineapig: In the USA people would understand it’s fake that she’s half animal but they would agree he is a woman
  19. @ArtynixMcMoonshine: Average Noel Fielding experience.
  20. @OsirisDCLXVI-o6z: Only in the weirdest country in the world!

- Who should NSW pick to replace Cleary at halfback? | Wide World of Sports: Kind: captions Language: en the confirmation today Nathan Cleary gone for the series six weeks on the sideline that hamstring problem ruling him out of games two and three Brisbane and Sydney respectively we were going to be catching up with Nathan tonight on the program but he's getting his wisdom teeth taken out after all that Tooth Trouble that you broke leading into the opener uh so we wish him all the best so the big question is now with no Nathan there who will be in the halves just Jerome lawai still take to the pitch and if so who Partners him if he's not there who takes the jumper six and seven gal as Gus said there's still a round of footy to go oh without a doubt if you're picking the team tonight though we probably are wasting oh I picked my team today for my calm that I wrote and I did I said Zach what Gus said I said it's all around if we could be played plenty of these can happen but I picked the dinner and I'll put Nick out Heinz in there with Jerome the way I try to keep the team as much as what I could have from game one I just think going out and picking a whole new team I think is going to be a big ass to pick a yeah there's already picked three or four Channel at least four chains I had in my side today so to pick any more than that particularly around your spine I've seen some players some guys picked size today which the only two players I had from the back line there was the two two Wingers so they replaced both centers both halves I mean I just need to get to do that going into a what is a decider for New South Wales just to start alive again it's gonna be tubing your ass guy then so I think they're going to want to keep the team as close together as they can uh Nico was obviously there in game one so I think he'll be uh he'll be better in the half yeah Gallows in the dressing room after the game and I saw Nico I he was the most distraught player in the whole setup for the blues he really want to face the media uh he looked like he was really struggling with what took place he only played a few minutes but he really took it hard and I I hope he can bounce back emotionally and be confident enough to to lead that side do you see that you seem a lot at pronulla do you see the confidence in there that he can he can lead aside in origin he has to and they all have to they've got no choice now they've got to go out there and do it like and one opportunity for them they should be looking at this as an opportunity like they shouldn't be dwelling on this and what's happened they they blew game one we all know they've had a lead with inside the last 10 minutes down to 12 men in the opposition when they blew it we can't hide from that fact but now they've got an opportunity to go up there to Queensland and do something that no other team in the history of origin is done now in 1998 we won game job there but we lost game three down in Sydney they can go and create history for themselves and be the best blue side in history so I think they should be looking at an opportunity rather than a burden and Nikki look Nico's done some amazing things the past couple of years on and off the field what another feather to he's kept to go out there and lead the site around and get a win up there that's the attitude they've got to have they've got to they've got to be a little bit positive about it it's a big ask I understand that it's a really big ask but they're good at not dwell on it and just accept the challenge and go and Face It part of the debate Gus since the Opening match has been the Jerome lawyer Nathan Cleary combination of with no Nathan there perhaps that opens up the opportunity to have a fresh pair of halves in there do you understand that argument well it's an argument people are going to make obviously although Jerome lewal was one of the New South Wales best in game one although he was the most dangerous player on the field had a couple of try assists and could have easily had a couple more I don't see any reason for him to miss out just because Nathan Cleary is not there I think he's like for like you pick a half back to play halfback and get on with the job remembering too where you're going remembering our record there and remembering that experience is going to play a huge part in that rather than rookies and first timers and and someone else I think Nico Hines is perfectly suited to the role they gave him for game one which is Off the Bench now he didn't get to play the position he would have liked when going out in the centers he'll be better for that but Nico was picked for his versatility I still think we need to get a specialist experienced half back into that role he talk experience you talk about the location it is Adam Reynolds home ground at the Broncos is he the right man yeah maybe it takes a couple of boxes my personal choice would be Mitchell Moses that's just my personal choice um but you know people are going to be divided on all aspects of this I just think that you need to consider where we're going and what the atmosphere and the football is going to be like and um you know I guess either one of those you know fits that bill Adam Reynolds or Mitchell Moses that's what makes you say Mitchell Moses he had a chance last time and he you know I know he's a very good he's got a very good kicking game um I know he's experienced now he's played in a grand final was that what tips him for you or yeah he's got a lot of aspects to his game that I've liked you know I think if there wasn't an eighth of Cleary around he's probably paid another half a dozen Origins you know he came in to replace him once and um you know I didn't think he was all that bad on the night he'd be better for the experience that's just my personal choice I'll be going with him I think he's still got speed I think he's got a great kicking game he's got a long kicking game and a short kicking game his long kicking game it'll be invaluable in origin and he creates points or this I just thought that he would fit the bill nice thing if look if I were coaching he would be my first foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @Mahatheyew [1 likes]: If Nicho is picked, I promise you, NSW will lose.

Reynolds + Walker is their only hope. But with Freddy as coach their chances are slim to none either way.
  2. @freelancer486 [1 likes]: Nicho is a a Origin dud.
Cody Walker if NSW want a chance at Suncorp.
  3. @michaellevis4702: Stop mucking around stick matt burton in with luai theyv played together at panthers 0:17 e
  4. @esthernaso9578: Luai
  5. @stevenrawa3106: Blues game, this time
  6. @thekiid_martindanielwere: Reynolds should be the man
  7. @MNENRACING-d9p: Adam Reynolds 7 Nicho hynes 6. Luai is over rated
  8. @Kelz_vee: Would lovee to see walker and Reynolds but fittlers such a sh*tty selector he'll probably go luai and hynes even though luai isnt that great wothout cleary
  9. @alexmacaulay965: Burton and Hynes is what ya want.
  10. @laurellalau6189: What about Luke Keary?
  11. @ProsaphineEgahu-pr4mk: I totally agree with Paul Gallen. The team remains as per the first game. The only change is Nathan is out and Hynes steps in.
  12. @Bzosns: Mitchy should go in got some good boots on his feet mate
  13. @dirkisonfire: 1. Turbo
2.edwards
3.graham
4.latrell
5.to'o
6.walker
7.nicho
8.haas
9.cookie
10.paulo
11.olakuwatu
12.martin
13.muarry
  14. @stephenzeilstra6520: Fiddler will pick a combo who will benefit his rooters side after. I say the South’s combination. NSW  will struggle.
  15. @themanwithnothingtolose: Reynolds and Walker God damnit
  16. @soldieron3935: Hynes/Luai or Reynolds/Luai.
  17. @pennyAustralia1: With clearly out we might actually have a chance.
  18. @markgriffiths8879: Hynes and walker be better combination
  19. @markgriffiths8879: Nicho hynes has to be in there lui grub has to go his is just the shittest player nsw ever pick
  20. @PoweredbyRobots: I'm surprised at Gus, normally he takes every opportunity to bag the Eels, or maybe he's launching a pre-emptive invitation to dinner... a la Mahoney..?

- Half Back FM24 Role Guide: Kind: captions Language: en hello everybody and welcome in today's video we're going to talk about the halfback role in football manager and let's get started with an overview of the rooll the halfback is a defensive Midfield roll that can be used in a number of formations but is often found in a 433 while defending the halfback will play like a traditional defensive midfielder closing down the ball and making tackles in possession he'll drop in between the center backs creating a back three defensive line supporting the more forward players with his [Music] passing this means that when a halfback is defending he's going to be a defensive midfielder and in attack he's a center back this is the opposite of what the labero player role is while defending the labero is a center back and in attack back he's a midfielder getting back to the halfback in this clip he's patrolling the Midfield area in that defensive Midfield position once we win the ball he drops and lets the team Advance around him and here this is the halfback in the middle of the two Central Defenders he's holding his position as the furthest player back when we lose the ball he pushes up to close down the opponent we get it back and he retreats to the backline his involvement in your attack means he won't be a primary or even really a secondary scoring threat in general he's not going to be a playmaker or a Creator but we're going to touch on that a little later in the video the most common scoring involvement for the halfback is the hockey assist where he makes a pass to a player and then that player gets the assist in the next section we're going to talk about how the halfback fits in with other player roles since the halfback is a defensive midfielder I want to compare him with two other defensive midfielders and what they do during the defensive phase of a match the anchor ball-winning midfielder and halfback are all three defensive midfielders that are primarily defense first this is opposed to other attack focused defensive midfielders like the Deep line playmaker or regista in terms of closing down for defensive midfielder on one side would be something aggressive like the ball-winning midfielder on the other side would be the passive approach to closing down opponents and this is where the anchor fits I consider the halfback somewhere near the middle but shaded towards the ball-winning midfielder still aggressive in closing down but not as much this is a clip of the anchor defending he's not going to be pulled out of position by the opponent's passing this is the ball-winning midfielder defending he will chase the ball wherever to try and win it back and finally the halfback the ball goes out wide and he has a further range than the anchor but not quite as aggressive as the ball-winning midfielder so how do you use this roll in a tactic well we're going to talk about that in the next few sections for tactics instead of looking at one specific formation we're going to look at three different examples on how the halfback can interact with his teammates some good things about it and then also some things you want to look out for let's first start by looking at this 433 formation with Nashville in the MLS it looks pretty normal right nothing too out of the ordinary but we're going to focus on the Midfield Trio of aaro and metala and the halfback whenever you use a halfback in your tactic you need to remember that when attacking he's not a defensive midfielder he's a center back so with this formation a caral arrow is going to drift wide a metala is going to drift wide and a halfback is going to drop into the backline this means we don't actually have a midfielder in charge of the midfield if we look at this clip everything looks pretty normal so far but pausing it here this is where we get the conflict the wing back is going to get the ball on the wing like he does the carero is going to drift out wide to support like he does and the halfback is going to drop into the backline like he does but when the carero gets the ball we have nobody responsible for this area of the field this is the halfback this is the metala and nobody in the attacking Midfield we have to get in across as our only option this is the same formation same instructions almost the same player roles the only thing we've changed is the carero to the central midfielder on support the central midfielder on support is going to sit more in that Midfield area and won't drift out wide like the carero will now when the wing back goes out wide he's lost a teammate that usually provides direct support but we've gained a player in that Midfield area and have a spread of players around the field there are many workarounds for trying to fix that issue but it is something you should keep in mind when using a halfback in your tactic in the next section we'll talk about how you can use the halfback in an offset position in an offset formation a halfback will have the same function as if he was in the center defensive Midfield area but instead of being the middle Center back he'll drop to whatever side he's placed on this is the 4231 formation that I used in the shadow Striker player rooll video and it has a halfback in the left defensive midfielder position on his side is an inverted Wing back on attack when the inverted Wing back pushes up the field the halfback will drop into that fullback position to create a back three but on that left side here we're about to take a free Kick this is the halfback and this is the inverted Wing back the halfback is going to get the ball and pass it to the inverted Wing back and after he does he drops to form the back three with the other Central Defenders this is from another match and we're already in our possession phase you can see our three 2 5 attacking formation that is has formed with the halfback as the left Center back in the back three the two inverted Wing backs have become the midfielders and then we have our five attackers we lose the ball and the halfback pushes up into the defensive Midfield area and eventually makes the tackle finally here's one where we just gained possession on the ball and here's the halfback since we've gained possession the inverted Wing back goes into the Midfield and the halfback drops he's more than happy to hang back offer an outlet if needed and let his teammates score the goal for some player roles that work with a halfback the wing back is an excellent option as the halfback drops it'll allow the wing backs to push higher up the field if you're feeling even more adventurous complete Wing backs can work as well and as we saw in our examples inverted Wing backs are also an excellent option in possession the halfback likes to sit back recycle possession and make those shorter passes but in the the next section we're going to talk about how you can turn your halfback into something more for most of the video we've talked about how the halfback is a defensive midfielder and in attack he's essentially a center back but I wanted to go over how you can use player instructions to craft the rooll into something more I got the idea from a commenter who was talking about recreating one of ix's tactics when Frankie dong was there so I thought it'd be fun to try this example out with Frankie D young at Barcelona this is a Barcelona tactic and it uses a metala and Caro in the Midfield which I talked about earlier being an issue this is where the inverted Wing back fits in as he's going to push up into the Midfield the tactic uses Frankie D young who's very much a playmaking midfielder as a halfback which is very much a defense oriented midfielder and Center back this is where player instructions come in because we can add them to Frankie dong to turn them into a playmaking halfback we still get the T iCal benefits of a halfback but now we get to use Frankie Dong's playmaking abilities and here's what I've added the shorter passing instruction which takes advantage of his dictates Tempo player trait takes more risk tells him to try more adventurous passes and use his playmaking ability and shoot less often means he's going to focus on passing rather than shooting in this clip the halfback is sitting in the Midfield this is the inverted Wing back who is pushed up into the Midfield to provide that support Frankie dong gets the pass and we get the scoring chance the placement of him as the halfback in a tactic means he usually only needs to beat one Defender he also has the player trait brings ball out of Defense which means our halfback can start a counter with player instructions you can use players in more unusual roles that benefit your Tactical system but still take advantage of what they're good at this is a unique and fun way to customize your players and your tactic and your team for a player example one of the best if not the best halfback in fm24 is Roger at Manchester City he has all the defensive oriented attributes you want tackling composure decisions and positioning he also has strong playmaking attributes as well first touch passing teamwork and vision for player traits some good ones are comes deep to get ball likes ball play defeat and stays back at all times some not so good ones are gets for for whenever possible likes to play way out of trouble and tries tricks although some of those could be useful if you're trying for more of that playmaking halfback the halfback is one of those industrious defensive midfielders like the anchor and the ball-winning midfielder but as we saw he can also be your playmaker I hope you enjoyed today's video thank you for watching

  Top Comments:
  1. @georg1994 [14 likes]: The Half back might be the most appealing role to me. The split to create a back 3 is just beautiful.
  2. @derdale [2 likes]: Sir, what a great videos you created. You're the reason I started to create tactics on my own instead of just using others tactics. While it's creating headaches, I fell in love with FM once again.

Just one question though, what do you recommend other complimentary DM roles if I used HB? I used 4231 with APs on the AMC by the way.
  3. @ataman5 [1 likes]: I've just started to get fond of half back on fm24 these days with different tactical approaches as i was going thru your old videos..
  4. @ythtvhg [1 likes]: Bro is clear of zealand who can't stop yapping
  5. @obakengtshwale [1 likes]: The Half Back works perfectly with the current Real Madrid team.My Tactic is that Tchouameni/Camavinga as the Half Back with Arda Guler/Jude playing as the Advanced Playmaker or Roaming Playmaker- Preferably AP. Valverde/Jude/Camavinga will usually challenge it out for the CM(Support) role.
With Trent and Alvaro Carreras as my wing back's. You can really go about playing the 3-4-3 in possession.

I also make sure to use the AP and CM on Support so that there is always someone in the midfield to receive the ball. Then depending on how attacking i want to be I'll then invert the wing back(Trent) to push up the Right CM( go from Support to Attack) and still have stability in Midfield
  6. @zaink6652 [1 likes]: hi! great video, one question. if i were to replicate the barcelona experiment in a 4231, with a half back, DLP on support and IWB on support, is there any way it can be too risky? because in my save, the halfback does drop, but at times the DLP and IWB both push up a lot more than what i would expect. so is it possible to recreate this, or is it too risky with a 2 midfielder formation? thanks :)
  7. @ollieparsons3641 [1 likes]: Might be a silly question. But I wanted to try this in a 4231, with the Half Back as the left DM. Would be drop to be middle CB or become an LCB. 

Note: I’m working with Rice, and would like him in possession as a middle CB, but don’t see him as an LCB.
  8. @realbasileus1986 [1 likes]: I got dorking wanderers promoted to the prem in our first season in the EFL Championship using a half back in a 4-4–2 diamond formation. For me, using a half back is all about overloading the opponent centrally to exploit space in wide areas with very aggressive wing backs. You’ll notice immediately that teams are dropping deep as you absolutely pack their box with players. High scoring, but not the most defensively solid approach.
  9. @yordantodorov4173 [1 likes]: guys, does 2 halfbacks makes sense in 4-2-3-1 with 2 DM?
  10. @emperk7 [1 likes]: this is exceptional content, thanks for the effort put into it
  11. @countryfields9973 [1 likes]: Watching your videos made me learn a lot more about the game. You compared this role to the Libero which reminded me of a tactic I had in my first save, which is a 343 with a Libero and a Half Back on the same side. I don't think this combination is particularly good now but what do you think of it? Which other CB/DM would work great with the Half Back?
  12. @barfly14 [1 likes]: What happens with the dribble less warning shown at 10.20.  Can you remove that?
  13. @Dark_Plum [1 likes]: Half back is in a way insulting role for player.
When we attack you just stay back.
When we defend we don;t trust you as last line of defense.
  14. @SpritePaints [1 likes]: I play Zaire-Emery as a DLP-S in the DM strata. He is amazing at it, but when I am trying to see out a game I swap him to a HB-D, it really helps me see out the game but he still has the attributes to play like the FDJ role in your video.
  15. @gueswho8815 [1 likes]: I have experimenter with a half back and a segundo volante. The wingback pushes up so HB takes his space. And on the other side the IWB goes to the center. So you have a nice 442 defensive shape with a really attacking offense. On the side of the IWB is a Winger in the CM line to provide an outlet on the wings and on the WB side you have an IF so the WB overlaps. That leaves you free to do interesting striker combinations
  16. @민이-d1h [1 likes]: love it
  17. @volkanpalut1993 [1 likes]: I like half back. but that position is  reserved for DLP D for me
  18. @most5795: Would you say rice is this role for arsenal vs. Athletico madrid? He was dropping deep and playing direct from there with the fullbacks pushing up making a 352/325 type shape
  19. @ZeVictorArrudaA: if I were to make a midfield with Bruno Guimarães, Florian Wirtz and Milinkovic-Savic. What roles should I put them? I was thinking about put Bruno as a half-back, but I'm afraid to be wasting potencial here. What do you guys think?
Great video, btw
  20. @michaelwalsh9404: Do you think that pace will help a halfback a lot by essentially allowing them to quickly transition between in and out of possesion position, mitigating structural problems that may come during that period

- HALF BACK TIPS: Kind: captions Language: en going to get onto the halfback very shortly okay then what is the halfback so we've got him loaded up there in the formation it's just a generic gig and press for the minute but he fits in well and let's have a look at the explanation of the rule the 433 are laid out at the start and it's one of the ideal formations to use a half back in if you're going to use a halfback you want to use it when your wingbacks are going to be super aggressive formation allowing your wingbacks to bomb up and down the flanks for being your covers very much like the 433 but because it's much more narrow system he really is going to drop in into there a lot more in defense creating something of a five and in attack you're looking at again a variation of a three four three this flows nicely into a four free free setup where you can have the three strikers out and out so even more aggressive than a standard 433 again wing box bombing up the pitch just like that in possession half back dropping into cover you've got yourself a three four three that is super aggressive and finally just to get a bit more creative and a bit more aggressive from your starting positions you could push your players that little bit higher for games either chasing the goal or you're super super confident winning you can't tell me that those attributes can't combine into a half back roll with a bit of retraining you're going to get the perfect half back example time now as we defended i've got for being your highlighted there right next to the ref now look where he's going he's going in between in this area in between van dyke and matip so he's going to cover there allowing matip to come out to the right hand side as trent is high up the pitch attacking movement alexander arnold way high on the right hand side left wing back way high on the left hand side so fabinho sits there he's ready to drop back there allowing two center backs to cover both areas if liverpool lose the ball in this area benio's average positions now in that last match this is the first one up here average possession without the ball so without the ball we're expecting our half back to drop him between the center box there you could see it dropping in there right in the middle with the ball so he's going to be a bit more aggressive steps a bit forward so you can see the difference between the two seeing the half back in action will hopefully give you some ideas on how you can use the half back roll

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheAoiDragon [1 likes]: Is there any chance you could do a video on the libero?
  2. @EDTeo: I would shout out Denis Zarakia for modest budget Halfback
  3. @kevinmottram9491: One of my best ever tactics made use of a half back and two attacking wingbacks (whose starting positions were in line with the half back).  This was in my FM17 Journeyman save (which I was still playing this time last year) and, using this tactic (which looked like 2-3-3-2), my Rapid Vienna side won three straight Austrian Bundesliga titles, along with the Cup in seasons 2 and 3.  I then moved on to Eintracht Frankfurt and used the same tactic to get them promoted from 2Bundesliga.  Loved it!
  4. @Izi-i2o102: Awesome vids mate 🔥
  5. @atleastistoletheshow: I started using a half back it’s been great for me 👍

- Half Back | FM26 Player Role Guide: Kind: captions Language: en Hello everybody and welcome. In today's video, we're going to be talking about the halfback player role in FM26. And let's get started with an overview. The halfback is a defensive midfield role that is for your inpossession tactics. This is a role that will fundamentally change how your system plays out during a match. That's because the halfback has a nifty little trick. When you have the ball, the halfback will drop to become another center back, meaning the roll changes how your inpossession shape looks. This movement, I find, helps when trying to keep the ball. For example, a high press high possession system. Of course, there are other options as well. This role is not an attack scoring focus role. While they can be used in attacking systems, don't expect the halfback to score a ton of goals or create a lot of direct chances. The role is most often used in formations with a solo defensive midfielder, like in a 4-33. Since the role drops to become a center back, our formation with two center backs will turn into a formation with three. Let's check out a highlight to see how the role works. In this clip, the opponent has the ball in their half and they're attacking from the left side of the screen to the right side. This is our halfback. Since we're defending right now, the role is performing like a normal defensive midfielder. The play will start and we're going to force the turnover. When that happens, watch the halfback. They do not get forward. Instead, they drop deeper. The reason why this is effective for possession systems is because it pushes the actual center backs wider, giving us more coverage on the flanks and allowing us to recycle play easier. [Music] With that play, you can see how the roll will help you keep the ball, but they're not exactly going to score 15 goals a season. And the role actually has a special ability, and we're going to talk about that in the next section. When you have a tactic that focuses on keeping the ball, inevitably you're going to have a lot of players up the field. This means that your players up the field are going to be out of position if you lose the ball. Well, this is where the halfback comes in in their special ability. Because when you have the ball and you lose it, the halfback will aggressively push up. Meaning, when your team is getting back into their defensive shape, the halfback is going in the opposite direction. This makes the role especially effective in stopping the opponent's counterattacks. Here's a clip of this ability in action. We've got the ball attacking from left to right. This is the halfback. The play is pretty normal, and you can see the halfback's generally patient approach to passing. It is an effective way to move the ball up the field. As we get it higher and out onto the wing, we're going to turn it over. This is an issue because we have quite a number of players out of their defensive position. But watch the halfback. He's going to aggressively push up and intercept the pass to stop the opponent from ever getting a counterattack going. This allows us to keep the ball and get a shot on goal. Here's another less extreme example of that ability. This is right from the kickoff, so you can see how the role functions normally. After a passage of play, we lose it. This time, the halfback pushing up covers their striker as well as the open space. It not only stops the opponent from quickly countering, but we force a bad pass and then get the ball back. Though I've mentioned possession systems, the role can function in many different styles and with other player roles, but there are a few roles in particular that I wanted to point out. For some complimentary ones, the inside wing back is very good. Since we're technically losing a midfielder when we've got the ball, the inside wing back moves into the midfield to fill that space. Another role is the wing back or advanced wing back. Creating a back three in possession helps cover the flanks, which means we can afford to be more attacking out on the wings. And finally, the midfield playmaker is a good option. The playmaking role likes to sit deeper. And the half act will give the role more room to operate. Now that we know a bit about the role, let's head to the next section and talk about a player example. Whenever you're looking for a halfback to use, whether that's a player on your squad or a potential new signing, there is a trick you can use, and that is to look for players who are defensive midfielders that can also play center back. Because more often than not, a defensive midfielder who can play center back will have the required attributes needed for the halfback. Take for example Jefferson Lurma at Crystal Palace. Notice how he's a defensive midfielder who can play center back among other positions. Other attributes I like are tackling, bravery, anticipation, and strength. Though we didn't talk about it really in this video, you can use the halfback in formations with two midfielders. So, think of a 42-31 that has those two DMs. The halfback will still drop to become a center back, but they're just going to drop on whichever side you put them on. And speaking of future videos, I'd like to expand upon my FM24 idea on turning the halfback into a playmaker. So, think of someone like Frankie D. Young or maybe Yosua Kimick and how they can dictate play from that deeper position. But that will have to wait. Anyway, that's all for today's video. I hope you enjoyed. Thank you for watching.

  Top Comments:
  1. @Catch22er [15 likes]: Great video again. If you're playing two DMs (like a 4-2-3-1) IP and make one a HB then you still get the back 3, but he'll be on the side of the three rather than the middle (same as in FM24). This gives a few advantages: the outside "centerbacks" in the three will push up when the ball is in the attacking third on their side of the pitch, so it's nice to have a (presumably) better ballplayer do that on one side. Second, the two real centerbacks are side-by-side, so if you do turn it over there isn't that awkward moment where your halfback is pushing up into his OOP role and the two centerbacks are leaving a huge gap between them for a direct pass into the striker. Finally, from goal kicks and deep buildup, your actual pivot acts more like a pivot, since he's starting from the DM strata, and you have more options with him since he's offset than you do when he's central.
  2. @Mike-r4h [6 likes]: This is not what the half back does in real world tactics. They drop back to form a back three to help with building from the back, then join the midfield during progression. For that, it's best to use a dlp. They will do that, they just won't drop to the same level as the CBS, only slightly higherIf you really want a back three while progressing, might as well use a regular CB and move them to DM when OOP. The only reason to use the halfback in FM 26 is if you want a three at the back, but one guy who has all the attributes for the CB position is not competent at the position for some reason.
  3. @exeds1647 [3 likes]: Since the Half-back is a central position in a 4-3-3, i find it really important to try and force play inside OOP, Really does help to limit counter attacks atleast for me.
  4. @hungotuan4431 [3 likes]: Very good role if you want to play with attacking wingbacks in a back 4, as he offers lots of cover

We need a DM role who will drop when we build up but push up when attacking
  5. @jordlufc1919 [3 likes]: This was the perfect role Kalvin Phillips played at Leeds under Bielsa whenever we played a 3-3-1-3 to defend against two strikers
  6. @needfoolthings [3 likes]: See, this role is part of one reason I will not get into FM26. In and out of possession instructions are baked into the role and yet I'm supposed to set IP and OOP for the team? I have fun thinking about what my players do and won't do in an FM24 tactic. THIS is what people mean FM26 dumbs stuff down and IP and OOP was there for the taking in FM24.
  7. @randimuhammadanshori6395 [2 likes]: Is libero somehow the opposite role to half-back? Like they push up the field in possession and drop into the backline along with other defenders when defending.
  8. @JulioCosta-bs2sk [2 likes]: I used Casemiro as a half back with shaw and mazroui as inverted wingbacks and it worked really well.
  9. @kristoffersjomans3692 [2 likes]: Could you make a new Total football approach for FM26? Love your videos!
  10. @seacombe [1 likes]: roles like halfback are something I thought we'd lose going to the new IP/OOP system. since by definition HB dictates a different position both IP and OOP, but is only an IP instruction in the new system, it is effectively just "centre back". i thought we'd manually make a half back, by setting them as a centre back IP, and a DM OOP. curious to see how differently (or not) that performs in comparison, or if HB has something special coded. its a little confused to me

The halfback into a playmaker is incredibly interesting, please do!
  11. @iiedi1366 [1 likes]: Need that halfback playmaker video. Very intrigued in the frenkie de jong carrying the ball out, or toni kroos as the quarterback spraying passes. Great video as always!
  12. @olsenfernandes3634 [1 likes]: I'll be waiting for the HB playmaker video
  13. @ruizarellano [1 likes]: Great vídeo. I saw Modric doing that half back playmaker with AC Milan and I thought that it was a great idea to have a half back playmaker so I’m really looking forward to your video about it. I have one playing on a 3 defenders and 2 dms, the lateral central defenders push forward and the half back help’s moving the ball through the pressure. The other dm is a box to box to help the ball moving forward. Thanks again for the great video.
  14. @DEATH2EARS [1 likes]: Playmaking wingbacks work well alongside this
  15. @fuggelkatten145: What is the difference between using a dm oop and half back ip, and using a dm oop and moving him to cb ip?
  16. @trequinho: The half back used to be my favourite role. Now with the IP and OP I think the role is all.most redundant..personally for me the HB should move back into the DM position after build up not just sit as a CB. I now use the ACB for IP and then a DM OOP to get amore accurate movement of the role..

- FM24 Role Guide: The Half Back (Complete Guide): Kind: captions Language: en welcome welcome welcome today we're going to talk about one of my favorite rols in the game the halfback we're going to use a tactical board and also ingame footage you know with highlights and arrows and and Spotlight and all that thing that makes tactical analysis super cool before we look at how the halfback Works in game let's take a look here the halfback is nothing but a defensive mid fielder who will drop between the center backs in this case number three and number four while your wing backs number two and number six in this case go up by doing that now you have three man in the back to build up that means if we're playing against a team that has two attackers for example here number 10 and number nine who are marking number three and number four by dropping number five between them you are now in a situation of three players versus two you have numerical superiority which is great for those of you who like keeping possession and playing out of the back for our first in game example I'm using fulam on a 433 with paa playing as a halfback so here Pala is our half back Fen has the ball and notice how paa will drop back between the center backs just like we discussed before and now we have three men in a buildup against two men from norch we have the numeric on Advantage we're going to keep passing the ball around and paa will be free to receive the ball and you see here he had a couple of options to play the long ball on the left or on the right but he chooses to play safe to play with the goalkeeper but that's fine notice that here's the basic shape three in the back with two Wingers open on the flanks but we have one extra man in the back which makes passing the ball around very very easy for us here's another great example notice that paa drops as the halfback between the two center backs but take a look at the center back under the spotlight the center back on the left side watch him I highlighted him in blue for you he will go up now to provide support to the wing back and when he does paa will go and cover him as a center back take a look we play We attack now Pala is basically as a center back next to the other Center back in a 2v one against the Norwich attacker and the center back on the left is providing support to the wing back the play goes on we make the pass we lose the ball now pay attention what happens between the center back and paa as the halfback as they switch positions the center back goes back to the defense and ping stays in the middle as a defensive midfielder now let's take a look at how the halfback plays defensively not much different than a traditional defensive midfielder here you have Binga again let's highlight him in the video has in front of the two center backs and he's going to start scanning for any threats he find a threat it's the Norwich forward and notice how he marks the guy tightly he chases him everywhere until he wins the ball relentlessly so there is nothing too specific about the halfback defensively he's aggressive he will stay back he has a defensive mindset but his main difference is in the buildup when the team actually has the ball in possession so let's take a look at how the team will work on the 4231 with two defensive midfielders being one of them the halfback and the other one ball wiing Fielder a Works a little bit differently so I want to show you this take a look here we are now on a 4231 with paling as a halfback next to another defensive midfielder and two center backs p is highlighted in blue take a look p is a little bit forward now he will go up and he will provide support to the team but notice how as soon as paa realizes that the wing back is going to attack paa will will basically go back and he will play right there as a center back take a look the wing back goes up and now Pala is back the difference now between the halfback as the only defensive midfielder and in this case with another defensive midfielder is that Pala is now open on the left as a center back no longer in the middle but the theory applies the same way we have three guys in the back versus two and it's very clear here in the picture now I want to do one thing I want to change paa from half back to defensive midfielder so you can see the difference between the two worlds let's do this very quick here defensive midfielder defense and that's okay okay I'm highlighting paa in red take a look now we're just marking he will relentlessly Mark the attacking Fielder but here is the key notice that paa right now I'm going to stop right here paling now is in front of the two center backs as a defensive midfielder if he were playing as a halfback pinga would then be playing right there he would give the option is another Center back in the middle and the center back who is there would open on the right side that way we could have three guys in the back since paa now is playing a defensive Midfield he is not going to drop back to give the third option he's going to stay where he is and he try to give an option take a look he never drops back he stays there the whole time so that said we covered the halfback with one defensive midfielder two defensive midfielders attacking defending and also the main difference between the halfback and the defensive midfielder I hope you like this video do not forget to hit the like button and subscribe to this new channel thank you

  Top Comments:
  1. @TheDeepLyingPlaymaker [9 likes]: Role guide!!! I love it! Very informative video awesome work
  2. @BrazilianBrawler [3 likes]: The halfback it's basically the opposite way of the libero. The halfback is a DM/CD that'll support the backline to have superiority and the Libero is a CD/DM that'll go forward to support the midfield line to gain that superiority.

Altough, one curious fact in this FM is how the Halfback acts in a 3 line system (either a 3 central defenders system or using the inverted fullback), the Halfback will act as a regular Defensive Midfielder when there are already 3 men at the back, and just then one of them pushes forward he'll drop to maintain the system. So, in my opinion, the Halfback is a role designed to maintain the Positional Play game and giver quantitative superiority in the whole pitch extension
  3. @tombkingsethbattlechannel9419 [2 likes]: Nice Video mate. the Halfback is maybe my most favorite player role. But just as some constructive critique, maybe u gonna highlight a bit more why or how this role is used aka strengths/weaknesses.
For the halfback the biggest weaknes is that, without a "real" DM, in posession there is a huge gap in ur build up play between ur back 3 and ur center midfielders. so u should choose a playstyle that plays wide and utilize ur wingbacks. Also either one or, at best, both of ur CM should have the player trait "drops deep to get the ball" so they offer more passing options. 
Since u cant use wide defenders in back 4 u should instruct ur 2 CB´s to stay wide to spread out a bit more when the Halfback drops in between them so the gonna act more like FB on defend in posession.
The one thing that makes a 4-3-3 with an halfback so OP is that u are boarderline impossible to press because u always gonna outnumber the opponents attackers while in posession which is great for retaining posession. But unlike in a regular 3-4-3 the halfback gonna act like a DM/BWM while out of posession so u dont have to worry that much about opponents offensive midfielders. i recomend to instuct ur halfback to mark tigther/positional marking/OM(c)
  4. @Passion4FMTV [2 likes]: Wonderful work as ALWAYS! You set a new standard of FM Content creation! Really proud to be associated with you! Keep them coming! You are an inspiration to me every single day! Not just for your work ethic but your professionalism in making informative videos that are quick & easy to comprehend without much fluff - as I'm lenient to! Keep it up!
  5. @tomasfuentealba7178 [2 likes]: if you take suggestions, I'm really interested in the libero role
  6. @darrengladwell [1 likes]: Excellent content man, top level. Am not a fan of 26 so expanding my 24 knowledge, this is very helpful
  7. @FRANKLYFM84 [1 likes]: Great job on this one 🫡
  8. @khemrajbudha7955 [1 likes]: Good Video!
  9. @fhreire [1 likes]: Um dos melhores vídeos que vi sobre a posição, obrigado!
  10. @tomasfuentealba7178 [1 likes]: great video mate keep going
  11. @p0tat0_xo: What software do you use for the tactical analysis?
  12. @benjaminngopwaamos6878: Great video! I wonder why channels that makes great FM content like yours don't have many followers.
  13. @humaidighafar9812: Would playing 2 half back in 4-2-3-1 DM work? With having 2 wing backs on attack?
  14. @FuzeBash: MOOOOREE!

- The Difference Between Halfbacks and Fullbacks: Kind: captions Language: en [Music] hi i'm matt raya from zenith and this is your dick sporting goods pro tip on the difference between half backs and full backs so running backs are any position that lines up in the backfield whose responsibilities include blocking running or catching the ball the position is usually broken out into half backs or tailbacks and full backs the tailback is really the principal ball carrier of any offense they have to have really great vision they have to be able to be quick and hit the hole fast a lot of tail backs are usually fast and elusive but some are power runners and really get the job done by breaking tackles a lot of tail backs nowadays are becoming dual threats where they can be used as a passing option out of the backfield on the other hand the full-back is another athlete who lines up in the backfield but their responsibilities usually lean more heavily into blocking and receiving a lot of times you'll see tail backs and pullbacks lined up together in the backfield but the full-back specifically will be the lead blocker on a lot of run plays as we see the evolution of offenses continue fullbacks are also being used as versatile players who could be split out wide or leaked out into the flats as a threat in the passing game so while there are differences between half backs and full backs both are vital to the success of any offense this has been your Dick's Sporting Goods pro tip on the difference between the halfback and the fullback

  Top Comments:
  1. @85passthru [42 likes]: about 40 lbs...
  2. @dopeprolific [22 likes]: This helped me on madden lol
  3. @Louismulh [16 likes]: I kinda already knew but this really concluded it. Thanks.
  4. @BrodyMcCain [4 likes]: Great
  5. @pausalvado7912 [4 likes]: Thanks mate
  6. @leemcdonald1342 [3 likes]: Sadly, the Fullback is becoming an endangered species in the modern game.
  7. @liam_smith_65536 [2 likes]: #MakeFullbacksGreatAgain 
#MakeFullbacksGreatAgain 
#MakeFullbacksGreatAgain 
#MakeFullbacksGreatAgain 
#MakeFullbacksGreatAgain
  8. @cookiedev8527 [2 likes]: Helpful vid, thanks
  9. @Festus2022 [1 likes]: you didn't tell us specially what a tailback is

- Who will be the Australian halfback? | Wide World of Sports: Kind: captions Language: en nice and clearly the daily Cherry Evans it's been the biggest talking point of the World Cup so far after three weeks now how sick are you of us constantly asking you questions about this battle it's almost there um no I know it's coming so I'm quite used to it now this week There's a Twist the pair will play together in the halves I don't mean to say I told you so but I said at the start of the year I knew we were both going to be here I was very confident I was going to get here and I knew he was playing good enough footy so I knew at some stage we'd play some footy together and be over here so as for how it will work and who calls the shots yeah we're gonna mix it up a bit so I think you know we'll just see how it's going who's got the flow at the time and by no means is it trying to outdo each other or anything like that Cleary is expected to get the nod for the big games dce can see why he's such a superstar he's always kicking footies he's always doing extras so um you know that sort of stuff it's good to see like something's just never change right because that's sort of what that's what JT was doing that's what Lockheed was doing there's rivalries all round in Camp Lindsay Collins and Tino fat assume are we had to be separated after a heated exchange because ahead of the moment out there and training and just you know proud boys I just want to train hard and um yeah just bump their heads a bit there but it's all over the head thing and Campbell Graham is awaiting scans on his elbow after he copped a knock last week in Manchester Emma Lawrence nine news

  Top Comments:
  1. @bbx7363 [14 likes]: I'm a Queenslander who whole heartedly backs the maroons.. pick Cleary
  2. @taitekeu8019 [7 likes]: There’s no argument about the number 7 jersey 😅😅everyone knows cleary is the best halfback right now 😅😅😅
  3. @GregorRenkoMusic [4 likes]: Cherry Evens is no Nathan Cleary.  Cleary is Clearly the choice.  Someone had to say it.
  4. @malsila3696 [3 likes]: Cleary ... case close 👍
  5. @yessirrr5182 [3 likes]: Clearly he's better lol
  6. @alNange [3 likes]: DCE the most overrated player ever
  7. @jackychan4653 [3 likes]: Not even a contest. Cleary is way better than the cherry
  8. @johnallen470 [2 likes]: Is there position Nathan Cleary can't play? A season at 5/8 or lock would hone his already  incredible skill somewhat enormously. His future as a coach  is already assured.
  9. @Zaphoe-o8k [2 likes]: As a kiwi please pick DCE over Nathan
  10. @philiphattan9053 [2 likes]: Cleary is 10 times better than DCE
  11. @kenjones6441 [2 likes]: Cleary choice is a no brainer.
  12. @johnjohn4120 [2 likes]: They both have the game, Cleary obviously in his prime of his career, yet, I never really see the hype that he receives. Good skills and hard work ethic for sure, yet I always want more creativity when I watch him play.
  13. @maxdaddy8 [1 likes]: you just know DCE was gutted not to wear his LGBTQ shirt.  from Qld choose cleary
  14. @grogmonster4977 [1 likes]: I think it's a bit low by Mal to put them in that situation. Cherry-Evans is the senior player he has the Qld hookers. Nathan comes across as a guy who will submit in a team to the senior player out of respect and Mal knows that.
  15. @eggman903 [1 likes]: I’m a maroons supporter but I would pick Cleary dce is old and he is not that good anymore
  16. @freedomofchoicelover3734 [1 likes]: DCE has outplayed Cleary 2 out of the last 3 origins, never let Qld or Australia down ever...got runs on the board and done nothing to lose his spot...maybe Cleary should be more creative and not so predictable...boring at best in a weak competition the past few years..Cleary caves under pressure and cant dig a team out of trouble....looks amazing against some nevilles though ...
  17. @DBASSDAN [1 likes]: Cleary all day
  18. @mmez9973 [1 likes]: This team can not lose
  19. @shannonquill3125: Because of the economic crisis that always comes up the best thing to be on every wise individual’s mind or list is to invest in different streams of income that’s not depending on the government to generate funds.
  20. @sallymay24: Tino and Lindsay …both QLDERS

- Michael Hooper, Family Moments and a Shaved Head | Nic White's Social Stories: Kind: captions Language: en hi I'm Nick white and these are a few of my social stories [Music] oh yeah um so this one obviously was uh the Argentinian game this year obviously Hoops had just uh pulled out before the game and thought it was the appropriate time to wear that are you okay budgies um thought it sounded pretty good message and yeah as I said in the the photo there's a bit going on there the the highs and the lows with our quady and his injury so um look uh it was just a way of reaching out to everyone that you know I reached that you know that it's important to I guess ask the question are you okay ah here we go um my family um yeah my world my why um yeah we had a a little boy last year um you know Midway through the super season uh Vincent so I've got three little boys my wife Melissa she would say she's got four boys and uh yeah it's pretty busy at home and and yeah that's my why here we are just a bit of a wrap up of uh 2022 uh you know a lot of a lot went on a lot went on in this year um yeah that photo there holding sunny and Leo um in in Sydney for my 50th test um like I said it was it was a bit of a wrap up of all of 2022 but yeah that's a cool picture isn't it um it was pretty cool like the boys don't come to many games they go to bed at like six o'clock so um held them up that night because it was a special one and uh yeah to have them out on the field and uh to be in there when I got my 50th cut was yeah pretty special this one uh me and my best mate my best man John Barrel um yeah for my uh my sister's 30th a couple of years ago and uh yeah we went as Buzz Lightyear and the Joker I uh my sister said it was a fancy dress I think we were the only two that took that seriously and uh yeah consider myself a bit of a joker I know I don't look like it on the field for 80 minutes but I like to have fun as well oh well that's going back Santorini uh this is actually my uh my honeymoon actually um had like a holiday between my stint in France and going to England and uh had like a month of a honeymoon and uh we're in Santorini for this one it was uh yeah pretty pretty special um this one that's a good one uh I actually this was a mistake I was trying to cut my own hair um at home and I was trying to do the back and it went a little bit high and lopsided so I felt like the only way to fix it up was to shave my head and um yeah I rocked up at a function later that night with a shaved head which um yeah looked a lot like Stephen Moore who was uh um one of the leaders within the team so I just said I was trying to look like him and uh not a bad guy to try emulate at the time I remember at the time someone's saying look like a giant thumb and that was kind of what started the whole facial hair if I'm ever going to shave my head I need a mole or a beard or something so look at the comments it's not trying to be like Greg and yeah well won't be shaving my head anytime soon Sam Carter that's a good one foreign

  Top Comments:
  1. @_Opal_Miner_: Nice one Nic. Have a great year. I'm looking forward to the photo with you, "Bill" and the rest of the team.
  2. @mohawkinatorr: First

- Liam Martin’s Next Move, Latrell Speaks & Titans Unleash Another Star Halfback | RLI EP046: Kind: captions Language: en Good day. Here we go again. Welcome to Rugby League Insider. We do it all thanks to the very good people at Fanatics TV live on the YouTubes or if you want to tune in via the audio platforms, Spotify and Apple Music, just search up Rugby League Insider with James Hooper. Now, he's fresh off a lymphatic massage on the Northern Beaches. He's coming off the back fence. Uh Matty Vorton along for the ride. How are you, copper? >> Brazilian. Yeah, had a Brazilian yesterday. >> Crack and crack. >> Brazilian. Yep. All of it. It's all gone. So, uh, yeah, Brazilian lymphatic massage. Get amongst it. I know that I know the comments yesterday were pretty fond of it. So, >> I've never ever heard of it. Uh, but I am intrigued. Yeah. >> Um, and as I touched on towards the end, I got one in Thailand once, which my man over there found highly entertaining. Um, and it was also very good. Can highly recommend it. They walk all over you. They crack limbs. Uh, very impressive. Sounds like a happy ending, mate. >> Speaking, there was no happy ending. >> No, no, it just sounds like a happy ending. I'm not saying there was one. >> There was no happy ending. Sounds like I can confirm it was fun. >> It was a lot. It was relaxing is what it was. >> Climactic. >> My man out wide. Uh, the bloke with the best name in the podcasting business, Brandon the Macho Man Savage. How are we, mate? >> I'm very good. The lemonade sandwich part of the week is over and we're into the uh whatever good sandwich is for the later in the week. >> Brown brown rice bowl incoming. >> Brown rice bowl incoming. Uh we are only nine days away from magic round. >> Oh, you're I was wondering why you were bouncing around on the tips of the toes so much. It's cuz you've got the fruit tingle in the veins. M I don't have fruit tingles any other time of year, but this time of year I let it loose and tingle away. >> Have we got to the bottom of what is actually in a fruit tingle? >> No, I will ask. >> Let's sus that out. Let's sus that out when you're up on deck at Magic Round uh being sent up by Fanatics TV and the RLIS lab to Yeah. to be >> right. No, he's he's booked his tickets ago. >> Okay, fair enough. >> He's playing with his own folding. Don't worry. Could have been a blow up there. >> Uh but yeah, let's let's sus out. I'm I'm interested in this. I'm keen to know what is actually what entails a fruit tingle. >> I'll pack some in my bag and bring it bring it home. >> Put in put in a silly bag. >> I don't I don't reckon you'll get through airport security with that thing. But anyway, uh righty. Now, there's some big ins. Uh teamless Tuesday landed 400 p.m. uh on Tuesday, and I'll tell you what, uh some big names back in. Uh J Gray back for the bunnies. Zayn Harrison is another kid who is going to be on debut for the Gold Coast Titans. That's a good story. Palm Beach Corumban product. We've seen some very good kids uh come out of there over the years. Uh who else is back? >> Clint Gerson's back. >> Yes. >> Yeah. I have to retract my comments about Clint Clinton. >> The Gutharina. >> I said he might not play again. >> You did. >> You did retire the Guarina. I thought you might have gone a little bit early when you did that. Yeah, >> I was only joking. >> No, I I I said, look, I don't think we'll see him in the one jersey again. I thought maybe we'd see him in the centers or maybe off the bench. Uh he's obviously retained his spot at fullback. uh they're down on troops. So, uh I I'd really love to see him get back to to some solid form and hopefully the Dragons can put together a little bit of a not a run a run of wins, but just some good form, some good footy. >> I think you're on the money when Feno was still the coach. The male is that Feno was looking at putting him into the centers, possibly even the halves. >> Um because I think he decided that it just wasn't working uh in terms of punch out of the back field with Gtho in the one jumper. But it's Dean Young's team now. He has to be back in that side cuz he's such an important leader. Um they're in a absolute rut uh walking through hell at the moment, the Dragons, and they need leadership and he's a perfect bloke. Uh we've seen him do it with Paramata when he was at the Eels over the Eels years. I remember they had band-aid sides um which were missing a hell of a lot of talent and Gtha would be the glue who held him together. >> And big ask against the Knights this weekend on Saturday afternoon at 3:00. The Knights were uh pretty outstanding despite the fact they leaked what was it 38 points in the end. I thought they were they were absolutely on top of the Bunnies on Sunday. Uh Kalin Ponga has created a good headache for Billy Slater in the uh in the Origin Arena because he was absolutely on fire. >> Glad you touched on Kalin Ponga because yes, it is backed by popular demand. Mattie Vorton is on deck. Uh so we are going to announce the Queensland State of Origin side for Origin one nine sleeps away. Uh Brandon's been in the RLIS lab uh over the last 72 hours uh crunching numbers uh and just bringing us up to speed with all the latest AI trends, statistical analysis um and everything else that goes on. He's had the abacus out. >> Uh and look, it is big uh on the Tik Toks. It is big in the social media space. Um so there's a lot of anticipation. Just letting you know. >> Uh a little bit of a hook and tease there. We're going to get to that uh in a little bit, but let's launch straight off the bat with Liam Martin uh the Panthers champion back rower in the papers today. He's the latest player to talk up the fact that he is absolutely going to test his value on the open market. Now, I had a look at the Panthers list of players off contract and available as of November the 1st this year. Nathan Clearary, Isaiah Yo, Brian Tau, Liam Martin, Paul Alamati, Mitch Kenny, Moses Leotaa, Isaiah Papalei, Bla1 Tangi, just to name a few. There's more than that. There's 14 in total. Uh some playing New South Wales Cup at the moment. So Liam has had a good laugh and said he probably won't cop the private jet treatment uh that Jerome Lui got with the red carpet and the prime minister James Morapp as a chaperone. Actually, shout out to James Bar. I saw him on Channel 9. He was on 100% footy on Yeah, he was Monday night. Very good interview. Looks like a a highly entertaining, charismatic character. And he had Bronco shorts on. >> He had Bronco shorts on. I love it. It just shows you how much he loves his football. >> He was the one that was trying to recruit Adam Reynolds and Ben Hunt. >> He was. Yes. So, they took the Proven Summons trophy over to uh Port Moresby in the offse. They took him a pair of shorts as well. little bit on a little bit of a lap of honor tour. Uh they obviously gave him a pair of threads too or he might have had those but and then Monster asked him a question that was very funny too. He said, "Hey PM >> APM and Chamus uh can I just next on your hit list?" >> I was going to ask you before we continue on with the Liam Martin chatter. Uh did you catch the James Bracy Paul Gallon stou if you want? >> Uh I did. Yeah. >> Yeah. What do you think? >> Uh, >> sorry to put you on the spot. >> No, no, that's all right. That's all right. I like that. Uh, what did I think? Um, >> love it from James Bracy. He's, um, my dad is very, uh, involved in the North Sydney side of things with the Bears. And James Bracie is one of the new school media type people who who have been involved with the club. There's a lot of old guys who are involved with the club, but he is one who has been loud front and center advocating for the Bears for a long time. So, shout out to James Bray cuz he's he's done wonders for the club, putting putting it on the map. >> I found it a bit weird because I thought Gal handled himself very well and Gal doesn't mind a stink. So, that's familiar territory for him. Um, so it was Shell and Pe's uh just leg glances um down to long on for him. Uh Bracy is a very slick presenter. Um but I found it a little bit odd that all of a sudden next thing he was in uh a rough and tumble stink. I thought he handled himself uh as strongly as he could. He's obviously a board member for the Bears. >> Uh but I don't know, there were parts of it where I was laughing out loud at stages of it because it felt a bit confected. It felt like they were just trying to sort of elongate it and keep it going. They kept splitting the screen and then it had sort of settled down a bit and then they'd split the screen again. And >> I think I like I like James Bracy. I've met him a few times. He's a champion. >> Good fell. Very good. >> Um I can see how he probably is a bit of tough spot having having his allegiances obviously with the Bears, but also being a a slick presenter as you put it, the face of Channel 9's rugby league coverage. and it feels like he he kind of wants the NRL to to do something and to help them out, but he can't explicitly say that because he's sort of with Channel 9 and uh it all gets a bit a bit murky in that sense. Gal's right. He in in his own >> I thought it was a KO victory for Gal >> in his own way. I I don't like sort of the way he does it, but he is right when he says you've done nothing in terms of recruitment. like uh Brace was able to throw up Nick Mey, Tyron Wisher, a couple of others who are solid players in their own right, but they're not superstars. So, I mean, Gal was right in that sense. >> Yeah, I love Bracy and I think Gal was right here. I think the one argument was uh get get your you can't get the player up in their polish. Well, Derome Lai couldn't do that either. So, like I I don't understand his type of argument, but I love that he's standing up for the club regardless whether he's wrong or not. >> He's definitely a very passionate, loud and proud Bears fan. As I mentioned, he's on the board. Uh good luck to Brace and the Bears. I notice uh their CEO was on NRL 360 Monday night. Obviously on a little bit of a campaign trail. Yeah, Anthony uh Cleaggle. Uh he was on uh he was on uh 360 Monday night. Did you happen to watch that at all? >> I did. Yeah. >> Yeah. What did you think? >> I like him. I like him. I think he comes across >> corporate. Yes. But I also I like how he's been involved and you know who the CEO is, whereas there's a lot of clubs who wouldn't even know who the CEO is. And like I guess for a new club it's always going to happen. But I don't know. I just get good vibes off him. >> Okay. Well, I think they're doing a very good job, the Bears, in terms of the amount of money uh that they've been able to secure sponsorship wise. They're talking that their jersey by the time they run out for their inaugural game next season as the Perth Bears, it will probably be the richest jersey um in the NRL, which is a hell of an achievement for a startup. Well, obviously they've got a hell of a lot of history behind them from the North Sydney uh side of the club. Um but that is a fantastic achievement. I thought when he got put on the spot about football questions, the wheels were spinning a bit. Um, we needed the four-wheel drive tracks to get ourselves out of trouble because yeah, otherwise we were going to get um wound up and tangled and >> yeah, snookered uh to a degree. But anywh who, uh, we move back to Liam Martin. >> Yes, we do. >> Brandon, your read on Liam Martin, the fact that he's going to test the open market, where does he land? I think it's scary because obviously PNG on the radar. It's hard to ignore that that's probably the place he ends up. Um I think there were reports this morning that Spencer Lenu has also been told he can explore elsewhere from the roosters as well. >> I didn't know that. When did that come out? >> Uh that come out this morning. So uh there's >> Get that story out. >> Yeah, I'll get I'll get it up. Um, but yes, there's a lot of players on the market at the moment and uh, Liam Martin has been strongly linked to PNG. It's hard seem to go elsewhere. I I mean, you can't ever rule out the roosters as well. >> I'm glad you raised the roosters. Uh, and that's why I found what you just said about Spencelenu extremely interesting because I wasn't aware of that. I saw the article in the paper yesterday uh, with Big Back Fence Spence uh, on the ebike. Uh, I love Spencer Lenu. He's such a character. Uh, I love the way that he plays the game. Uh, absolutely zero fear. Uh, and just winds up off the back fence, but he hasn't been overly uh happy at the CHS because he hasn't been getting big minutes. He hurt his hammy, I think it was, in the warm-up leading into the round one game. >> Um, and since then, >> uh, it's been a little bit of a long road back. Then last weekend, uh, that epic game against the Broncos. Lindsey Collins goes off with the hia. I'm pretty sure that was in the opening half, but they actually Robbo decided to go with Nat Butcher more so in the middle of the field. Spencer only got 14 minutes. Uh, and I know that Spencer does like to try and, you know, like all players, he wants as many as much game time as he can get. >> Um, but that's interesting. I tell you what's critical here, Brandon, is when they have told Spencer that he is able to go if he wants to. If they've told him that he can go next year, that's very significant. Is that how it is or >> I can't find the report that I saw this morning, but I saw it this morning and wrote it down in my notes. I should have linked the profile. I thought it would have been everywhere. Um, but there is a thing that's pretty much saying here that off contract next year so he can talk, but I can't find the article that says he's been >> Yeah, I don't know if he's I don't know if I haven't heard anything about him being given permission. So, that did strike me out of left field. So, we're going to dive into the RLIS lab and get the hamsters spinning on the mouse wheel and see if we can figure out whether that's um on the dough or not. But on the Chooks and Liam Martin, there is an interesting link there. So, the Roosters made a very big play over the off season to get a recruitment agent called Joel Carbone, who is extremely well respected uh within rugby league. He was at the Camber Raiders uh for a number of years. I'm going to say he was at the Raiders. Gez, he must have been there close to a decade. Uh they made a grand final in that time. They finished on top of the competition last year as minor premers. Uh Joel was heavily involved in putting that green machine roster together. depending on who you talk to. Certainly, if you talk to people at the Roosters, they'll try and tell you Joel was involved in designing game plans and he's right into AI. Look, he's a highly intelligent bloke. >> Long story short, uh he I'm told one of his favorite players is Liam Martin >> and he started at the Roosters this season, left the Camber Raiders on extremely bad terms. I don't think Ricky Stewart has spoken to him since. uh he felt as though Joel betrayed the Raiders and and Stick's entitled to feel like that. Uh the roosters as they do um if they identify somebody who they think can value add to their organization, they don't give a rats uh about who gets kicked or burned or takes a bit of bark off along the way. Um they just want them within their four walls. >> And it's funny you say that because I feel like we've done this podcast for a few few months now. It feels like the Roosters are going to be making a play for a few players. You know, we've talked, we've talked about Nathan Clearary, we've mentioned Joey Manu, now we're talking about Liam Martin. There have been others as well. It feels like the Roosters have got a big off season coming, a big couple of offseasons coming with all these players coming off contract. Just on Liam Martin quickly, I think he'd be a great buy for any club. I just a slight concern. He's been pretty injured this year. I think he's only played what, two or three games. I worry that given the past 5 years, playing all the way to the grand final, uh, playing a lot of State of Origin, playing a lot of test footy, maybe his body is just starting to break down a little bit. I I think he could he could use a bit of, uh, a bit of a a spell in that sense. Obviously, they need him to play. They need to to win as many games as they can. I don't know if he features in this year's Origin, but um, it just feels like he's he's copying a lot of just injuries at the moment. >> Yeah, it's a fair point. Look, he has played uh as tough as any back rower in the game, Liam. And he has played a hell of a lot of football over the past six or seven seasons. I think he's out till round 13 against the Warriors at the moment, uh with this latest knee injury, which would mean I wouldn't think he'd be being picked for State of Origin one. Those teams are announced in nine sleeps time according to the RLIS lab. Uh so 70 of you going to Magic Crown. >> Seven of you going to Magic Crown. Oh, you don't sleep in there? >> No, sleep. I sleep at 8:00 at Magic Ground. I'm always done. I don't stay up late, but some people might. >> Fruit tingles keep up. >> How come it's only seven if you're going to magic round? >> Oh, because some people don't sleep. >> People don't sleep. >> Are they with you? Those people or >> No. No. No. No. >> Who are you going up with, by the way? >> Going with my two brothers, my friend, and my cousin. I think my dad might come up potentially. >> Okay. >> I'll meet a lot of friends there. I've got a lot of friends going. Maybe. >> Now, we don't have to we don't want to know uh details of the specific venues or anything, but what have we we got an apartment or are we staying at a hotel or what are we >> Airbnb 300 m from the stadium? >> Oh, yeah. >> Is that expensive? >> Uh not for There's like eight of us staying there, so not too bad. >> Are you on Cton Street? >> I don't think so. I don't think so. I think that would be chaos. I I would hate that. >> You go to the Cton when you >> Yeah. Yeah. I love the >> Cton straight rocks during Magic. >> I mean there an actual hotel there, you know. It's the Caxton Street. >> The Caxton? Yeah. It's >> Is that a hotel? Is it? >> Like the >> Oh, you haven't been to the Cton? >> No, I've been to the pub, but not the actual hotel >> or is that is the pub? >> Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Amazing venue. The car park. I just like absolutely tearing it up in the car park. Uh on >> What about Lefties? You've been to Lefties up there? >> Nah, >> that's on the main righty to be honest. >> Yeah. Well, lefties is you walk out the front of the caxton diagonally to your right hand side. >> The Italian joint there owns it now. Yeah. I think they've actually that's what I was curious about, but I know you're not staying there. I think they've got themed rooms. >> Yeah. So, you might have the Darren Lockia suite. >> Could have the the Paul Vorton penthouse. Uh yeah, there's sort >> of I do have an event 3:00 on the Saturday at Caxton Street Brewing Co. >> All right. Uh what's that? Yeah, Clark's rugby league column is like holding an event there or something. Clark. >> Yeah, Clark. >> Clark Titans. >> Oh, he's big big on social media. >> Is he? >> Yeah. Matthew. >> Yep. >> Sorry. >> Liam Martin, >> where were we? >> Digressed into fruit tingles at the Caxton. >> So, Liam Martin, you were concerned about his injuries. Uh, looked over his stats over the last couple of years. 21 games last year, 22 the year before, 18 the year before that, 22 the year before that, and then 27 216. So like the apart from Origin and the rest either side of Origin, he's actually only missing one or two games here and there, but I think just optically you look at him and you think he's busted half of the time he is on the field. So, um I think that's a really good quality to have in a player, as much as it doesn't sound like it, but uh the fact that he's willing to go out there and >> save him from himself though at some point. >> Yeah, no doubt the best players play hurt and Liam Martin certainly falls into that category for me. But to your point, Matty, it is interesting and we have linked certain players to the roosters. Herby Farnworth is one name, Nathan Clearary is another name. The Joey Manu one, mate. I don't know. I I think I read those reports. I >> think it's dead in the water. >> H I don't know. I'm just I'm not like the Herby one, I genuinely believe they are monitoring that situation. The Clearary one, I genu genuinely believe they are absolutely monitoring it. The the Manu one, I think in a perfect world, they'd love to have him back. I'm sure they'd love to have >> Sui back too. Isn't he doing [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] all in rugby? Apparently, he can't even get the ball, which is what PVL said at the time when he signed. He said he'll be he'll be posting stuff on his Instagram while he's out on the win. >> Yeah, of course. If you're a back in Rugby Union, you hardly get the ball. >> Oh, tough cell. >> Uh but it does feel as though, and we're still trying to find out. I think you might have um overcooked the omelet a little bit here with Spencer. That's news to me that he's been granted permission to negotiate. >> I saw a report this morning and I wrote it down in my notes, so I should have saved it. I'm sorry. Okay. Right. Well, we wait with uh baited breath. We'll keep you updated uh once we get word of what's going on with Spencer, but it does feel as though the CHS with the players that they also have coming off contract. So, Sammy Walker is a November one player. >> Um it does feel as though there's going to be some money there. There's going to be a bit of a war chest. Angus Croaton goes, Marky Mark goes >> DC is he I don't know. Is he two two-year deal or one year deal? is he's got an option. The way it looks at the moment, I'd be thinking he'll he he loves playing. >> Is it a player option or a team option? >> I think it's might be mutual or it might be player. >> It might be mutual actually. >> Um yeah, but the way he's going at the moment, look, it'll depend on results, but as long as they're winning and if they're up there when the whips are cracking and they go close to winning a title or win one, maybe if they win one, >> he might have see things differently if they win it this year. >> Yeah. Uh certainly from what we saw from them on Saturday night >> and they've actually got a pretty I won't say soft but a a favorable draw in the next few weeks. They're going to build a lot of momentum. They got the Cowboys uh after the Titans this week. Uh they've got the buy which is a handy probably a handy time to have the buy. Then they've got Melbourne and the Raiders. Now they seem like difficult games but the way those two teams are going I would say that's four. They're probably going to win the next four games. the roosters that is. >> They're going well. Uh they're building nicely. The combination between DC and Sammy Walker just continues to evolve all the time. Reese Robson has been fantastic with his service uh out of dummy half. I love the way he picks his times. Like um he he's getting it bang on when to run and when to just provide service for his key playmakers. And James Tedesco is the other key position player who look he he cannot possibly play any better. You mentioned uh Lindseay Collins earlier. He's out this week with a >> H. Yep. >> Yeah. Is that an official stand down? >> Yeah. Or Okay. >> Cuz you got that whole 11day thing. It's a category one. So I think he was >> I was just wondering if maybe it was worse than that. If it was Yeah, >> he has had a few. Yeah, >> he has had quite a few, Lindsay. Uh but look, he's hell of a tough bloke. Um so I stay out of I'll leave that to the medic. I've got my Doc Rivier. Uh do >> you know who you put the mocker on last week? Sorry to digress. Uh, you said to me, I don't know if it was on or off camera, but you said Wade Eaggan gets a lot of head knocks and he got a head knock. >> He got a head knock within 20 minutes. >> I said it on the podcast cuz I'll tell you why I know cuz I really like and enjoy watching him as a player, right? And I thought a couple of seasons ago, this player could handle origin every day of the week when the Warriors, I think it was when Webster first went uh over to the WS and he was absolutely carving and then a couple other people in the game said to me, "Mate, it he could handle it no problem. The issue is that he does pick up a few." Yeah, some players are more prone than I don't know why, but some players become more prone than others. Lindsay's Lindsay's another one. Well, Lindsay's had a lot whether you can't tap dance around it, but like I said, I'm not putting the Dr. Nick Riviera stethoscope and the white jacket on. I've got absolutely zero uh medical credentials, nor do I want any uh either, mind you. >> You know what it is? It's the players that generally go down low for tackles. So, your Victor Radley's, your Lindsey Collins, Jake Toro, they're like >> Ken Pong off, he goes low as well. >> Yeah. So generally the the smaller bodies they tend to go low get your head there first. So >> there you go. >> Very good. >> Let's shift lanes. The trellision has broken a media ban. Latrell Mitchell one of the biggest figures in the game of rugby league. Probably the most informed player in the game of rugby league at the moment. Even though the bunnies were beaten narrowly on the weekend by the Knights. Uh we haven't heard from the big fella for a long time. Uh he decided he wanted to step back and have some time away from yapping to the media uh after he was plastered all over the papers um front page back page uh for the do motel thing. Um I liked hearing from Latrell yesterday. What did we think? >> He genuinely he looks he looks happy. Yeah, >> he he looks incredibly It's a It's a real indication of his his mental health right now on the surface at the very least. Like he seems happy he's playing really good footy. Um and I think he alluded to he he sort of verbally committed to staying at the Rabbidos longterm and >> it's hard to Yeah, I think he did, didn't he? >> Yeah. Yeah, I think I'm pretty sure he did. And uh obviously he's ripping and raring to go for the blues. >> Yes. That was what had me uh very excited. >> Yeah. Um yeah, awesome to see him back. I I'm I'm happy he's lifted his banan. He doesn't have to go overboard and and now do every single interview and every single podcast, but it's nice to just hear from him. 150 games is what he's celebrating for Campbell Graham. Is that correct? >> Which was a nice touch, too, cuz Campbell Graham's a Bunny's junior. They've played a hell of a lot of football together. They're great mates. Uh, so I like the fact that >> 50 like do we celebrate the 50? >> Wayne doesn't Wayne's clarified that the half century. No, no, no. Half century doesn't mean anything. >> Just wait till you're chalking up the tons. >> Well, Campbell Graham, >> you get to a ton, you can raise the bat. >> Yeah, Campbell Graham, he uh >> he probably should have reached this mark a long time ago. >> Given the amount of injuries he's had, you know, it's a credit to him for sticking with it because he's had some bad injuries, some painful injuries. He had a sternum last year which is obviously really painful. Um so it's awesome. It's awesome that he cracked 150 and I hope he goes on to get to 200. >> Great fellow Campbell Graeme. I was lucky enough we went over and did an NRL uh promotional tour in Las Vegas the first year before uh the inaugural um launch of the season over there and they took Aaron Woods, Billy Wilders, Campbell Graham and Spencelenu all great fellas. Uh Campbell was injured at the time. He had that sternum injury and they decided so you can get the surgery or you can um just try and let it heal and they actually misdiagnosed it. So they told him just to leave it, not to go under the knife and to try and just let it take its natural course and get better. Um I saw him in the gym every single day. He would train twice a day. Um he he was so diligent and he was just a great bloke, too. loves South Sydney. Yeah. >> Um very switched on. Very very intelligent bloke as well. >> Uh and didn't mind having a quiet drink occasionally. >> I did say occasionally. >> Love hearing that about footy players. Um Latrell though, I think, uh Paul Cwley made a good statement yesterday. He's just too honest when he speaks. Like he can't hide his emotions. So I think uh that media ban that he self-imposed, he's just saving himself from himself. He's not trying to not trying to uh punish anyone by not by not doing the interview. He's just saving himself from yourself. >> You know what? I'm happy if LRL don't want to talk to the media. I don't have a beef with that at all. I know some Jouos get really antsy um and itchy powder in the boxes about it. I couldn't give a rat. If he's playing the way he's playing at the moment, I'm not happy for him because he can be the most destructive dominant player in the game. um if he wants to, you know, Latrell will be remembered along the lines of your Greg Englishes, your Mal Maninggas. He is such an imposing weapon. Uh I love him playing in the centers. I think that's been the best move for his career. Uh, I get why the Bunnies persevered at fullback and I understand that Latrell wanted to go down that road for a long time, but I just think he the stage of his career that he's at at the moment, limit his touches, but when he gets the ball, just let him go straight into beast mode. >> I don't think any other player in the competition could have done to Kale Ponga what he did and stay tiptoe along the touch line and score that try. And that's not blowing smoke up his bully. That's just that that's how I see it. Um the only thing I did think was Latro is a man, right? Like he's a bushy, he's a country bloke. Um he's got property up at Tari. Um he'll look you in the eye, he'll shake your hand. He understands what's what. I did think uh I don't know that and it's probably as much the jouro's fault as anything else. They were all kind of tap dancing around and didn't really want to ask the question about mate have you got any regrets about what happened in do and I think it got thrown in right at the end and Latril to his credit just kind of went oh mate I might just we'll leave it there. I think earlier he had um spoken about how he wants to be a role model for his family. >> Um and he is like he's speaking with his actions and a lot of the time actions speak louder than words. Um, but I thought he he maybe could have said, uh, look to the NRL, I apologize, you know, if I brought the game into disrepute. Um, we move on. >> Yeah. Is that an admission that he's done something? Cuz it was never proven that he'd done anything wrong, was it? >> Don't think so. It was all very >> That sounds to me like an admission that he'd done something wrong. >> Well, is the photo though in in the modern world in 2026. >> I agree with you. is that that the photo was deemed to have brought the game into distribute and I like to me I couldn't give a rats right but I get >> why the why the decision makers at NLHQ would look at that and go ah >> hang on a minute that's >> did he I can't even remember did he actually serve a suspension or get a fine >> he got a four game ban oh mate it was heavy got a fourame ban 100 large fine I think of the fine 25 was imposed straight away. Yeah. >> And I think 75% was suspended provided that >> um he pulls the horns in and does everything right. Which he has. >> Yeah. >> Um >> And I guess him making comments on it saying like he can't come out and say, "Oh, I didn't do it cuz that looks bad." Also, even if he didn't do it, he's just got to cop it. And he's I think the easiest way to handle it is is you just own it. You just go, "You know what? Um I understand I brought the game into disrepute. Um, I apologize to NRL headquarters. >> Life goes on. I'm focused on football. I'm focused on South Sydney. I want to help the Blues. But I thought he was he was super impressive yesterday. I'm not blaming Adel for Latrell. Adele >> Lrol L. >> Hello. Hello. >> Oh, I've come up with some [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] good tongue twisters lately, I tell you. I had a few yesterday that were absolute. What was yesterday? >> I don't know. Say Blake Brily a lot of times in a row. >> Blake Brily. Blake Brily. Blake Brily. You nailed it. takes concentration. >> I had to I had to really I had to really focus. Um I thought he handled himself really well and it was more I was surprised and again it was probably because the Jouro had no uh time to prepare or anything. I was surprised that no one asked him about it. >> Jeff Robson. >> That was it. Well, that wasn't a tongue twister. That was a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] That wasn't a tongue twister. I had >> When you said Jeff Rob took me back. I had a tongue twister yesterday. Yeah, I think he played in a grand final Jeff Robson for par. >> Played a lot of krenella, too. >> Um, >> no, I had a tongue twister yesterday where I had to totally rewind and start again. I can't remember what it was. I tell you, we're solving all the rugby league's biggest issues on this podcast if you haven't already figured that out. >> Just just on players and um their media availability, I think there are certain guys, there's two categories for me. There's certain guys that should do the media for either their personality because they've got a big personality. I'm thinking like Toby Rudolph, uh, a Jake Travoyovich. They've got this big infectious personality. And then there's also the guys that have this status almost like a hero status in the game, like a Nathan Clear, a Cameron Monster. It's also nice to hear from them cuz you get sort of the inner workings of almost genius players. So, I think those if you're in those one of those two categories, I think you should absolutely make yourself available for media. >> I like seeing the story the like new uh talent come along like Terua when he first did his first interview like you're seeing his personality for the first time which I think was good as well. I also think like players not doing media it's it's not a skin off the fans back to be honest because they're on their Instagrams showing what they're doing dayto-day anyway. like >> them not doing media interviews. I I wouldn't have even noticed if nobody mentioned that Latrell hadn't done it for a year. >> Yeah, because you guys mentioned this yesterday and I don't follow a lot of people on social media, but you said that Trell actually does a lot on Instagram, right? So, so to to a lot of fans that follow him, this would be just another another interview for him. So, you've seen plenty of him. Yeah, it's not that big a deal to him. I reckon the thing that impressed me the most about Latrell uh in the game over the weekend was after he scores that epic try, then he's got to kick the sideline conversion, mate. Those Newcastle crowds can be >> right off tap, right? They'll let you know where you are and what they think of you and they will launching into him. that shows um such composure uh and and such maturity to be able to and nerves of steel to be able to get in the zone. And he'd been having a bad day too from that particular side >> from the left hand side of the field. He's a left forward. He for whatever reason he wasn't having a happy RLI slab to crunch the numbers. I think it was >> 35% from that side. >> There you go. See, he's got a kick predictor that he can roll out sometimes too. Um, so even before they take the kick, he can let you know what just calculate in my head. >> Wow. I had uh so for those avid listeners and >> those who remember Friday I had him for two tries and a south win and wow. I think at the at the death it could have could have gone the other way. >> Oh, I did think of you right at the end of that game. I did think of you right at the very end of that game. I thought of me too when the Broncos were steamrolling >> cuz you messaged the group after after the Dolphins win and said, "Here we go." >> Cowboys. >> Cowboys. That's it. Sorry. The Cowboys. >> Yeah. When the Broncos were steamrolling from 30 nil down until Pat Garrian dropped that ball. I was almost in the queue, I'll tell you. But anyh who, >> put that down to experience as they say. And >> the more you gamble, the more you win. No, I'm joking. I didn't mean that. Right. It is that time. Drum roll. uh Xi Jinping, uh Kim Jong, they got their pencils uh at the ready, sitting there tuned into the wireless, uh watching on the YouTubes. Very excited. Uh Matty Vorton is naming his State of Origin side for the Maroons for game one. Uh we're only nine sleeps away. Uh Billy to name the Queensland team very soon. Hang on, I've got that wrong. Nine sleeps. No, that can't be right. >> Yeah, nine sleeps. Sorry, nine. So 12. Sorry, it's 12. Nine till magic round. >> Ah, there you go. Yeah, sorry, we've just dropped the student off the kickoff there. Uh, loose carry. Uh, 12 slopes and Billy will name his state of origin side, but Maddie has all the answers right here and right now today. Take it away. >> Okay. Um, so I'm going to name my Queensland origin side. There is only one player I've left out because he's injured. and we'll get to it at the very end. U but otherwise Queensland's looking pretty healthy at the moment in terms of who's available and >> uh and form uh barring Cameron Monster. Okay, so my fullback Jeff Robson I've gone with no gone with uh >> I've bitten the bullet here and that's good. >> And um Walsh Reese Walsh will be my fullback. Uh he will be my starting fullback. Um I I think in past sides I've had the hammer starting, but Rhys Walsh has made a successful comeback. Um I I suggest he will probably play another two games of high quality against Manley. I don't know who they've got the week after. He's my fullback. Uh my wingers, I've gone with Mari Tulangi, who I think has found a lot of found form. And the hammer, you got to have the hammer in there somewhere. So he's going to be on the other wing for me. I've got Toya and Shibasaki in the centers. My six is Cameron Monster Dearen. My seven uh I've gone for my front rowers. Now, this is all pretty interchangeable and I don't I don't think there's a wrong answer. I'm going to just say that straight away. Um but for my front rowers, I've gone with Tino and Carrian. Uh my hooker Harry Grant. Uh I've gone with Ruben Cotter. I'm still going to keep him on the left edge for the moment. Helum is on the right. I have decided Tom Gilbert has hit a bit of good form. He's going to be my starting lock, my bench. Uh I know Max Pla has come into consideration the last few weeks. He's started to hit some form, so he's going to be my 14. I've got Lindseay Collins in the 15 jersey. I've kept Co Kobe Heatherington. I still think he's going good. Um I will die on that hill. Uh Fine Fuyaki is my jersey 17. >> Ponga is number 18 for me. And I've stuck with Dane Gagy for the moment. I think that's um uh it could be a bit of a turn style of a uh of a positional like a a a spot like there could be a few players who could go there. Um Pong is the interesting one because I think if we as Queensland if we're down you know by a margin with about 20 to go I can see a world where Billy goes we're not going to put Finn Fuyaki on and we're actually going to go with Ponga because we need points or we need spark or we need something. Um, so I I I think he'll be there somewhere. Um, obviously some notable emissions. I haven't put coats in there. Ma'am, Nanai hasn't quite found his feet. Nicaragu heard mix. Is he out? How long is he out for? >> I think like 12 weeks. Oh [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] Is it that long? >> Yeah. I g Okay, there you go. Um, Nicar, I don't know where he sits at the moment. I we haven't really heard anything in terms of like his commitment and his it would be really good if he came out and said like I'd love to play for Queensland and maybe he has privately to Billy but you know as a as a someone who obviously supports Queensland I haven't heard anything otherwise. Jensen's injured. I know Holmes has been potentially touted as jumping on the wing there. Um for me I still I still don't have him there. I still there's other guys that are playing better. Cobo, I've seen that name floating around. Again, I probably couldn't pick him. And Cory Horsbra, look, it would be really cool to see him at some point during the series, but right now, uh, he just gives away too many penalties. >> Who's your front rowers on your bench? You got Collins >> and Heatherington. >> Oh, yes. Sorry. Yep. Yeah. Look, mate, I think that's a Kraken. Yeah, it's hard to shoot holes in that side. Uh, all of those players are in form. Yeah. Um, I think the male that I'm getting is, uh, look, you've only got to look at history to tell you that Queensland love the loyalty card. They will always be loyal to a fault to players until the point where they don't deliver. >> So, you touched on uh how you couldn't personally pick Valentine Holmes. Totally understand. I couldn't pick him either, mate, on current form. like that bath that Latrell gave him >> the other week uh was embarrassing, >> but I'm hearing he's going to be in the team. I'm hearing that he will be on the wing. And I think Coach >> Coach comes back this week against the West Tigers for the Melbourne Storm. They desperately need to snap that seven game losing streak. I think coats is a good chance if coach comes if coach gets through 80 >> Saturday night and then he gets through sorry beg pardon Sunday and then he gets through another 80 minutes before Billy's got to name the side. >> Look I I that's that's a guy that I kind of wanted to pick but I left out just because I know he's injured at the moment and we don't know how it's going to shake out. So I think uh if that were the case, Marangi would unfortunately be the the four guy and Coats would go in there. >> On Nicar, one of the best line running back rowers in the game hasn't been in bad form. I mean they put 50 on the Tigers Saturday. Uh proud Kiwi, so he's obviously already represented New Zealand at test level, but they have changed the eligibility rules now. >> but Finny Fuyaki is in such dynamic form. I don't think there's a harder ball running back rower in the game than Fuyaki. I think he'll start >> and I think and I think Lukey >> will probably be the other starting back unless they decide to go with maybe a cotter like what you've done which they could well do. They've done that in the past. >> I think it's all still, you know, Billy's obviously got a fair idea where he's going but um it can be subject to change. We've still got two full rounds of football. things can get tipped on their head very quickly. Um, I love Cory Horsba. I wouldn't be surpris I know you said he gives away a lot of penalties. I still wouldn't be surprised uh if he's in the mix. >> Somehow if he puts two good games together where he pulls the horns in to a degree. >> Another um Queensland fan who I know quite closely had him in his side. Um >> he got red hair. >> He does have red hair. I don't know if there's a link. I don't know if >> fading a little bit those days. >> He is. Yeah. Um, but he had he had the redhead Cory Horses in there. Um, I I just I just think he needs to get the [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] out of his game, just to put it bluntly. Um, when he got up and gave the ref a sprayer the other week, >> I love his I love >> his raw emotion and the way that he just red lines over the edges. I love it, too. I think >> But no, but I agree with you. You're right. Uh, if he could just >> cut the edges off slightly, just not cut them off, just just give them a little trim. Yeah. um he would be in a much better space. Brandon, your read on Matty's uh Queensland State of Origin side that's about to take off on TikTok. >> you were very confident at the start of the week. I heard >> he's got his look he's got his sky blue shirt on. >> I was going to I was going to say like I wasn't going to comment cuz you know I'm a New South Wales fan so I don't need to worry about Queensland. Bit of Wayne B. >> I knew what you were doing there. Um, but you speak about Val Holmes and him missing out and him potentially like getting the spot. I see where Billy's going with that because he gave Daily Cherry Evans the first game last year and I think there's a part of him that has the loyalty. You had the first crack. >> It's your jersey to lose. So, I don't mind if he's picked. Like, if I'm looking at it from a neutral point of view, if he's picked, he's uh scored 13 tries for the Marones. He's only five tries behind Greg Ingles as the all-time origin try scorer. >> Is he in second place? Is he? >> He's in second place. The hammer is >> I thought Darius Boy too. >> Oh, he could be, but he's probably like the highest current one at the moment. >> Okay, got um the hammer is >> it's all coming out of the RL by the Hammer is at nine with seven games. So, he's not he like he's flying absolutely at the moment. Um, but Val Holmes has always done a job in origin and I think he could could do a job still on the wing and we saw last year goal kicking was so crucial. Zack Lomax miss some crucial kicks that really cost New South Wales the the Origin series really. So, uh, the fact that Val Holmes is such an arrow straight goal kicker, I think that means a lot as well. And the fact that he can the the fact that one wing spot is probably up for grabs, >> you might you may as well throw it to him. So, I don't mind it. Um, >> is Walsh is sorry, just for Walsh is a goal kicker. >> He's a good goal kicker. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. He He's talented at whatever he does. Um, I think Ruben Cotter on the edge. I don't love considering you've got Luki and Finny Fuyaki who can start and play big minutes. Um, >> the Carrian Gilbert front row lock is a bit strange for me, but for me, they're all going to play the same role, so it doesn't really matter. Uh, but apart from that, can't fault it. >> Thanks, mate. Appreciate that. >> I love the Ponga shout. I think I think that's exactly the way they should go. >> He's got to be in there. He he the way he returned from that injury uh from that hamstring injury last Sunday >> was phenomenal. His combination with Dylan Brown and I know Brown won't be anywhere anywhere near the Marones, but uh those two, it's very exciting for the Knights what they can build and and where they're headed. And uh as we pointed out, Kalin's on 11.93% uh of the Newcastle. >> Yeah, I was glad you got that. Yeah, I I just I was filthy when you did >> for the tipping pointers out there. Uh now Joey Walsh for Manley uh started last week. Uh what a terrific story that was on debut. The no look pass. >> Uh and just his his general work rate I thought defensively, Matty, that he was um in the game. >> You guys touched on his aura. He's aura is a big word in the Gen Zed vocabul. >> Oh, they love it, don't they? >> He's got aura. He's got aura. He's got he's >> How did he lose aura? >> Uh I don't know. I think we've lost it though. So I think we've lost our aura, so it doesn't matter. >> I don't think I've had it. >> No, me neither. Um but yeah, >> I reckon our man over here might have had a bit of aura. >> No, I've got no aura. I'm like, >> what about the earrings and the and the sticky? >> No. Aura, you have to have a presence and you have to be very nonchalant. I'm I'm pretty shal. I'm pretty shal. I'm pretty I care. What's the difference between nonchalant and shal? >> Nonchalant. You just don't care what people think of you. Like like someone says something good about Yeah. Yeah. Like kind of the trail when you kick >> like that. You don't like raps. You don't like compliments. >> Yeah. True. >> Stop being so nonchalant, mate. >> We got him. We got him. >> Uh yeah, Joey Walsh fit in perfectly. I thought uh you know I I think he'll probably go play a bit more reserve grade now, but I he he'll probably be in and out of that that side for the remainder of the year if Brooks or Foggy get injured or they want to move Brooks to the nine. I can see that happening. Um but yeah, he he looked at home. >> Well, it was Joey last Sunday and now this week uh Friday night, another baptism of fire. Uh Joey had to come up against the best in the business in Nathan Clearary and the Panthers. Uh this young fella Zayn Harrison uh 20-year-old will make his debut for the Gold Coast Titans in their number seven jumper. Uh he's coming up against the Ches Sydney Rooers. So Sammy Walker, Daily Cherry Evans, uh Palm Beach Corumban kid. We touched on him off the top, Matty. He was the best school boy player in the game in 2024. I tell you what, Palm Beach Corrumban very good breeding ground. So, I did a little bit of homework before Benny Iiken, of course. Shout out to Benny Iiken. Uh, boss of the QRL at the moment. >> I miss Ben Iiken. >> Do you? >> Yeah. I No, no disrespect to Braith. >> Oh, >> I miss Ben Iiken on 360. >> Okay. Yeah. >> What do you miss about him? >> Oh, I don't know. He just had uh he was kind of a love lovable nerd, wasn't he? >> And I mean that respectfully. I just God love him. >> I missed him. That's all. >> He is a good fellow. I think Brad's doing an outstanding job. >> Yeah, he is. everywhere he goes. >> Benny is a very good fellow. >> Touches gold. Ben Iiken. >> Really? >> Yeah. Well, >> he's got the QRL now. >> QRL >> on fire. >> They currently hold the State of Origins. >> They lost the first year. They lost the series when Mad Cash. >> Yeah. But I'm pretty sure he took over the Broncos uh before when they were at the Spoon. He took them to the the year of the grand final. >> I think he he was there. Yeah. >> And then he left. >> And then he went to the QR >> that year as well. and he he's a former Bears player so can't >> doesn't surprise me as he always reminds me uh when you go north of the tweet it's good for your soul. >> Yeah, >> he was part of that 95 side. I don't know if you know this but he was part of that 95 side. >> I love that famous story. Who are you? >> I'm on playing for you. Okay. Uh but some of the other names who have come out of Palm Beach Corumbant High School on the Gold Coast, Darius Boyd, Jamal Fogerty, Cody Walker, Jerome Hughes, Tommy Dean, Keano Kiny, >> Matthew. >> Uh they're getting Hey, >> no, I didn't I didn't go there as a school as a school uh >> student, but I did train there for a long time. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. How was it? Good setup. >> Not at the time. No, I think they have since upgraded and they've got their own little center of excellence there, but it was basically corrugated iron sheds and old weights. It did the job and some fantastic players came from there. >> If you Yeah. Doesn't matter if you're in the uh Well, I'll put it this way. The Tigers got the center of excellence with the barber shop and all the bells and whistles and the 24 karat gold taps. Uh and they were still getting smacked with spoons. It doesn't matter. You can be at the local police boys club. Still all works the same. All that gear. Uh what do you know about Zayn Harrison, my man out wide? >> What I know is that the Titans have a track record with guys like this. Toby Ston, Tom Weaver, Tanner Boyd, Jerome Hughes, Jamal Fogerty. They're all halves that have come through the club who have been highly touted. Ash Taylor not Ash Taylor. >> Give me another one. Jordan Ranken. Can you remember? Yes. At Palm Beach. >> Can you remember him? >> Yeah, I did. who was the youngest player. I did this story at the time when he made his debut. He was the youngest player in the history of the game. He was 16 years and something days old, still in high school. >> Yeah, I listened to a chiming in podcast. Oh, sorry. I didn't listen to it. I recorded that podcast with him a couple of weeks ago. >> Shout out to Stevie Gillis. Very listen out. Give the show a listen. Listen to chiming in anyway. >> No, but I met Jordan Rankin. absolute legend of a bloke and his story is just like just a footy nut. He's a coach for the paramedic. I reckon he's going to be a former future coach. He's an assistant coach at Paramata in the reserve grade side or something. Yep. >> Like he's he's in that area, but he he loves footy and he's just just from what I get, good guy, really good vibes. So, uh I reckon he's going to be a coach of the future. Um, cool. >> But back to Toby Sexton, Tom Weaver, Tanner Boyd, all Australian school boy players who were touted for big things and I think >> in the past I've been worried that they haven't really nurtured them and let them live up to their full potential. I really hope that Zayn Harrison gets given the right guidance and from what I can see from Josh Hane and how patient he's been with players, I I get good vibes from him. >> Yeah. Has he been that patient though? because the four guy is Lochi Ilas. Now Loyel Ilas started the season quite well, >> but in eight games, Loias has had one try assist. And I know the Titans are struggling to score points, barring that game, they beat Parah. Um, and all of a sudden, Loy's out and Zayn's in. Um, >> he's got to do something. I don't >> He's got I get it. I get >> you. Look at the the You're just going off the most recent performance against the Raiders. >> They weren't at the bloody races. They they and they admitted that after the game. Tino said, "We tossed up a lot of shit." >> Um, so I I think >> he has to have a crack. He has to make some changes. >> and unfortunately Locky is the is the >> Loy's Loy's the fall guy in this case. This the stats that you just rolled with that lends itself that, you know, Locky is still finding his feet in the NRL. >> Yeah. And look, the Titans are >> they're almost regressing. Like as a Titans fan, >> the last thing I want to see is the Titans to go backwards. >> And at the moment, it kind of looks like they're just going to replicate what they've done over the last couple of years, which is finish what last to second last I think a good finishing spot this year would be anywhere like 12, 13, even 14. >> I do think just improve just a bit of improvement. >> I do think they have to go backwards to go forwards though. And I think because they've been so bad for so long, they've got to take >> the hit this year knowing that they're probably not going to win the comp this year and invest in their future and Keano Keaney playing fullback, leaving Brimson in one position for the full year, >> letting Jadden Campbell flourish. Jaden Campbell's been their best player for for a long time. Figuring out their starting forward pack Oliver Pasco goes to Hooker, which I really love this week. Um, and I think if Zayn Harrison is the future and they've earmarked him for future things, then maybe this was on the cards for later on and they've just realized Loy, you're probably not helping us out here. You can go back to reserve grade be fill up reserve back up. >> I tell you what I do like you got there in the end. I tell you what I do like about the Gold Coast is everything that I hear and see from Josh Hano. Um, and this isn't a crack at Dez, but Desi towards the end of his tenure as an NRL head coach, it just felt like it was the world against Dez all the time. Um, and you couldn't really get, you know, he'd talk a lot of nonsense and rhymes and riddles, but he he did that for long periods of his career and was hugely successful at stages, particularly at Manley and at Canterbury as well. Um, took them to two grand finals, too. But towards the end it just it looked like a really unhappy camp. As much as they're not getting the results yet, right, I'm a little bit with Brandon. I do think that they might it might look like they're in reverse a little bit at the moment. >> Tino's out of form. >> That was I was just about to say if it was going to irk someone, it was going to bother someone. It might be Tino. He might he might I don't know where he has where he is at with his contract. >> No, I think he got it done. He did like a he took the options out and he's there for the next 33. >> I just hate to see a senior player kind of go, "Oh, we're going backwards to go forwards sort of thing. Am I involved in this?" You know, you want them to sort of savor their last years and potentially compete for a premier. >> Are you retiring too? >> I'm not I'm not saying I'm not saying that at all. He's still young enough or something. >> I can just You know, you look at look at the Dragons for instance. You got guys like Cook and Guth and all of a sudden they know they're going to be bad for the next three or four years and those guys have kind of got to be like, well, here I am stuck with a [&nbsp;__&nbsp;] team. >> I like even what Hane uh had to say about the young fella Harrison. So he said when I got here, you know, there was a lot of buzz about him. I watched him straight away. I liked him. I wasn't sure uh about defensively whether he was going to be at what stage he was going to be ready. He got a taste in the trials. I know that he's ready now because I've seen enough of him at training Q Cup. Uh he's robust. He likes that side of the game. >> He's ready. Uh let's see what he's got. >> Yeah, I watched his highlights this morning. I mean, that's that's all I could really go off, but um from what I could see, he's an awesome ball player. >> he's got a really tough running game and he can play both sides of the field, which is always really handy as well. >> That sounds like a strong >> I like Cooper Bay starting this week, too. Love it. Yeah. Great young kid. You can see why the Melbourne Storm fought so hard for his signature and why they blew up when they didn't get it or when he ultimately what did he do there? Oh, he used the 10day cooling off period, didn't he? Stay with the Gold Coast. >> Apparently, he verbally agreed and then um with the Titans, he signed with ended up signing with the Titans. >> Yeah. Good on. I'm happy for the Gold Coast. You know what? Because they don't they don't get a lot of wins the Titans. So, you like to see it when, you know, he's a kid who's come through that system. >> Uh, I'm happy that he decided to stay on the Gold Coast >> and they're going to have to lean really heavily on their juniors, the Titans, I think, moving forward. >> and they've got a great thing. It's just that everybody else comes and picks the eyes out of it and sometimes kids slip through. >> I can imagine with the addition of two more teams, maybe even three, that everything's going to be depleted uh exponentially just moving forward for all teams. So, for the Titans to have that that nursery, it's a good starting >> And you might think on the eye test that they are going backwards, but I think the biggest telling is there's three clubs currently who have all their players on their current squad that have no clauses in their contract. One is the Pen Panthers. Two is the West Tigers. The third one is the Gold Coast Titans. >> So, you're saying they're a chance for the Premiership >> potentially? Ah, very good. Now, we love your feedback on Rugby League Insider. Uh, it catches fire every single week. Uh, so comments, keep them coming. Uh, appreciate all of it. Uh, appreciate all the viewership. Um, all the likes, the dislikes, whatever you read on us is, uh, feel free let us know. It's all cool. Uh, I I will say one thing, mate. They are. They're getting a little bit personal with Brandon about the hair. So, just leave that wide, right? Leave the Fred stare out. Uh, you know, look, Mr. Potato, Mr. Mr. Potato Ed, like me, I can wear it. I could take it. Uh, there's mirrors at my house. I could haunt most house. >> Brandon, you don't have to You don't have to allow it. I think it's it's gone too far. >> I think it's gone too far. >> Oh, so I've got to shave it. >> Yeah, I would. But you know the funny thing I hadn't even bloody noticed it me until people on the comments started. >> Oh but I love how you just pointing it >> You know what I think it's cuz you're getting a lot of raps too. You are getting a lot of positive feedback. Savage by name. Savage by nature. They've taken they've taken a liking to you. That's what happens mate. They build you up and then they get the chainsaw out and cut you off at the ankles. Galvin being the best player, having talent means nothing if he's in the wrong position. You could have Payne Har on your team, but you ain't going to run him on the wing. Good point. Position matters no matter how much talent the player has. >> That's that's probably not apples for apples there. That's not the right >> I get the premise of where they're coming from. Uh and I think everyone's in furious agreement on this. The only people who are dead set going to die in the ditch about this are the Canterbury decision makers. They just refuse to make a change. What are you giggling at? >> I'm just giggling cuz Payne H would do a great job on the wing. I reckon >> some of those tries he scored sometimes where he >> he could play any position, I reckon, >> where he puts it into six. He's got wheels. >> He'd be awesome on the edge, too. >> Heard about that drainage massage meant to be good. >> Uh has Savage by name. Savage by nature had any good massages over the years? >> No, I haven't had uh any drainage massages. Um as I said yesterday, did I say that wrong? >> No. >> Tongue twister. >> You got very amused yesterday when I said that I had one in Thailand. >> Yeah. Um >> did you have one in Bali? >> No. No. I was only 8 years old when I went to Bali, so no massages there. But uh a lot of comments at the same time about the ice baths and the soreness. A lot of people were back in that. So, why are you laughing? >> Smiling. Can't smile. >> The ice baths did take off. The >> ice baths are good. >> They were getting as good. Yeah. Don't you feel great after an ice bath and a sauna? >> You go the sauna on on the short backup, do you? So, you go ice bath sauna. Yeah. Is that okay? >> Yeah. Yeah. >> That's good for you. >> Can someone explain how Victor Radley doesn't get a suspension or even a fine after the Brisbane game? Nothing careless in any of them. Due to his record and on report for three, I'm guessing the inept MRC thought we can't charge him because he will be spending another long stint on the sidelines. Absolute joke. Uh I think most people agree about that Pat Carrian one victory even. Uh that was classic his reaction on uh on the Sunday ticket on Fox. That was highly entertaining. Uh and he was going to keep the suit for judiciary, but now he's keeping it for the races. Do you think there's something in that that they >> are almost protecting him from >> suspension? I don't think so. No. Cuz it's like that's their >> that's their job. That's their role. Uh sometimes they get it wrong. I think that for whatever reason they've looked at that they had to deem it um accidental. They had to deem the head clash accidental >> rather than um and and how do you prove that a player is deliberately >> trying to do that style of thing? >> Another Jackson Ford story. I think it was either James Graham, Jeremy Latimore or someone who played with him at the Dragons. They were saying Ford was seeing the physio or the masseuse. A lot of talk about >> massuses on this show in the last 48 hours because he'd hurt his back concreting helping his mates out. That doesn't surprise me. uh with Jackson Ford. I really like uh the style of footy he's playing um and the way that he presents himself. I'm got the fingers crossed that he's going to be in the New South Wales State of Origin side. >> The improvement in Manley is quite remarkable. Enough said. >> Is that the whole thing? Okay. >> They were very very happy seagull fans. >> I believe Cody Walker should be suspended for the after the bell assault. Jesus, it wasn't an assault. Come on, man. It was a light fracker. It was a grilling. >> When they talk about a problem in the halves, they are talking about not having a halfback. Oh, this is about Canterbury. They have a center at 5'8 and a 5'8 at halfback. Bulldogs really only score tries from freakish plays from Galvin or Katon. They need a proper seven. Also, if they have a weapon like Burton's huge bombs, why doesn't he do it more often? It's >> hard to argue, isn't it? >> Oh, yeah. I I think the reason he doesn't do it all that often is because it can go really wrong. Like a kick like that, you put a lot of force onto the ball. It can go backwards. It can go over the sideline. I think that's why he's really uh choosy about when he does it. >> There was a period there where he was smoking them. He was getting them right all the time. >> Yeah, I love it. I think he should he should do it more. But I'm just saying there is the chance for it to go horribly wrong. That's all I'm saying. >> High risk, high reward. >> Yeah, but I guess when nothing's happening, you may as well. >> If you're the Bulldogs, I'd be I'd be launching at every second attack. >> Yeah. Do do it 20 m out. Barely score a try. >> Just one carry and then send it up. >> Exactly. >> Something get something going. >> Bit of NFL first of all, rugby union first play. >> Uh righty ho. Well, as usual, we have solved all the biggest issues in world politics, rugby league, uh world peace, all that sort of jazz on Rugby League Insider. Uh we appreciate having you along for the ride. Great to see you, Cobble. We're seeing you for the rest of the week. Uh, same goes for you. Savage by name. Savage by nature. We're going to cut that inappropriate joke out. Uh, cuz that was right over the edge. Uh, God love him. Uh, and we will see you all again tomorrow. Cheerio.

  Top Comments:
  1. @patferguson3192 [5 likes]: A fruit tingle is just vodka, blue Curacao, lemonade and a drop of grenadine/raspberry cordial. It's actually one of the rare cocktails that are illegal to drink AFTER you turn 18.
  2. @ExcitingBob [2 likes]: Hahahaha savage by name savage by nature.
  3. @AN-hv1vm [1 likes]: I just started watching. 
please get rid of the  mow hoops
  4. @davidtyas6701 [1 likes]: The site zero tackle says Spenser  can negotiate after November 1 2026
  5. @DENIS-qb5xv [1 likes]: Hi guys . Is Ryles are failure ? Has the media gave him hall pass . There’s a huge list players he got rid off . Gutho brown sivo rcg matterson lane Lomax lane did I forget anybody who have they got now . Team is shocking defense is pathetic .
  6. @DaveLange-kd5ze [1 likes]: Martin is an injury risk  past games played in the last 5 yrs means nothing.
He is breaking down and looking to a pay day for his last few years before injury forced retirement. 
Not a good signing
  7. @Channelmaster73 [1 likes]: 9:35 Nick Meany is pretty good, very reliable player, can play the whole back line and is a goal kicker, been in 2 grand finals from memory.
I think he's underrated.
Wishart has potential but I he hasn't turned it up yet.
  8. @jayblaze99: Hoops you dribbler. Latrell got a 1 game ban not 4 lol
  9. @SkeletorsSon: I had to laugh at Reuban Garrick' appearance on Bulldogs & Broncos 360 where Anasta had a cheeky crack at his looks saying "You ll fit right in at the Roosters".
Connor Watson arrived to the Kokoda Trail 1st day in white jeans and they were muddy as hell by the end of the day 😂
  10. @TheFlaxmarian: Is Coates actually playing this weekend? He’s not in the team list
  11. @garth1905: I live for the  blow ups and rivalries.
  12. @jmoods94: Cotter has performed on the edge consistently for qld. Not sure what lemon salad is on about
  13. @davidtyas6701: Vautin mate. You forgot about Big Red
  14. @spindoctor699: Spencer the best 5 minute player in the game 😂
  15. @naughtybob2003: Damn I wanna hear the joke now
  16. @Channelmaster73: 37:30 a lot of Queenslanders will agree, run Hammer on the wing and Walsh at FB, but I'm yet to hear one NSWelschman say run Tedesco at FB and Dylan Edwards on the wing.
DE has played wing before, but people are talking about having Ado-Carr as the winger.
  17. @Iderspider: I know capewell is at the warriors so sort of out of sight out of mind but I can't believe people aren't mentioning him. He didn't play in the loss last year, came back for game 2 and was arguably the best on the field... And he was great in game 3... Hopefully for qlds sake slater hasn't forgotten that.. he offers so much more than cotter, he's as good on defense and offers way more on attack.
  18. @PeterMills-i8m: Cobbo 🤔
  19. @Channelmaster73: 18:25 Mark Levy certainly doesn't own it, oh too soon?
  20. @Cr-m9w4v: Allergic to timestamps

- 【治愈救赎🔥】他只是出门拿个快递的功夫，回来却发现家里的沙发上多了个奶团子！更离谱的是，她奶声奶气来了句：「窝的爸爸是皇帝呀…」他一开始还以为是谁家孩子走丢了，不料下一秒小奶团竟凭空消失了！Part8: Kind: captions Language: en Wasn't I sleeping? make up and dress that you're ready to go weather is great It smells so good! So delicious! happy Sunny Sunshine Hehehe, so delicious! I'm so full! Cannot be taken You can't take what isn't yours. my garden had a wall was a beef in the sky Oh My God I didn't touch the braised pork knuckle rice. 8 watermelons Only two pieces of leather left The door is locked from the inside. Who did this? There's something I'll tell you that you might not believe. Someone came into my house. I ate half a portion of pork knuckle rice and two slices of watermelon. What should I do now? Go wash up and go to bed. I can tell you're tired too. I'm telling the truth. The door was locked from the inside when I left. I also used a key to open it when I got back. Nothing was stolen from the house. There was no more food. I mean, three bottles of beer shouldn't have made you this drunk. Hang up This child slept way too long today. After he cried You really didn't feed him? His Imperial Highness This servant will obey your instructions. The young prince was not fed. I only managed to coax him into drinking a bowl of water. last night The maids remained guarding the outer hall without ever leaving. Look at what's stuck to her lips. This servant truly does not know. Yu Shu has been by my side for many years We would never dare to deceive. What happened to Keci'er's face? Siri wake up Time to get up. Siri, wake up! It's time to eat. Eat Painting Zizi told her older sister Did you secretly eat something last night? Hehe, um na It was for my own consumption. The meat is delicious. It tastes so good! Tell your older sister where you ate all these delicious foods! Inside a big house Inside a big house, right? Uh-huh I don't know either First, take Zizi to wash up and change clothes. It's a persimmon that's good. First, have a sip of soup to warm your stomach. Xizi didn't want to eat anymore. The persimmon didn't mean it was hungry. Why did you only drink one sip and then stop eating? This is not good. How about having a bite of the pancake? This used to be the lion's favorite food. This doesn't taste good either. The lion said Was it the meat we ate in the big house last night? Yeah, it's that chubby one. Have you remembered that child yet? Where exactly is that big house? ah Hello sir This is your takeout. oh What's going on? The door was closed. Where did this kid come from? Young man, who are you? How could I be scared by a doll? This little baby is actually quite cute. Little friend, who are you? How did they get into my house? What's your name? My name is Xiaoxiji. Say it again My name is Siji. Your name is Siji. The four fours are not something I can get myself. Complete communication barrier Even with English proficiency at level 10, I still can't understand it. Do you want to eat this banana? Oh Then come here. I'll get you the cutlery. Thank you, young man. Young man, what did you call me? Young Master Xi This title sounds so ancient. Where did this little baby come from? Do you know how to use this? I don't know how. Haha, how about I feed you? Okay, thank you, Xiao Na-kun. tasty Um This is clearly a warm little baby. I was just scaring myself. That pot of meat was delicious too. And that pot of red eggs was delicious too. Did you eat these things? Hmm... I only ate a little bit 7UP, think about it again. Do you know what your parents' names are? My name is Si Xi Hao Hao Sisi, do you know who your parents are? I don't quite understand. What about grandparents? Do you know who your grandparents are? I still don't understand. Goodness, he knows nothing when asked. Could it really be from another time? That's outrageous! Then tell your brother Who were you with before you came here? I know. Tell me quickly, who are you with? Sister Seagull Sister, sister is my older sister. Is it right or wrong? Do you know what your older sister's name is? My older sister calls you brother-in-law. Goodness, how many in one department? Your department's English listening test is way too difficult. Is your older sister named Li Ni? I still don't believe it. Return your internal system Hey, do you know your older sister's phone number? I can't understand it again! It's okay, it's okay Young man, I want to drink water. Drinking water, right? Okay, okay, I'll pour it for you right away. So beautiful! Drink up, don't spill it! This little kid is so polite! Soft and fluffy Who wouldn't feel sorry for them after seeing this? Do you remember where you were before you came here? Okay, continue with where. In the palace Where is the palace? The palace has disappeared. He vanished into thin air right before my eyes. What exactly happened? Why It's carrying an airplane. Auntie, I think I heard the proton's voice. Yeah It seems like it's inside. Gardenia Gardenia It really is gardenia Sister Where did you go? My sister was almost scared to death. Sister, why are you crying? My sister is alright. Is Zi'er alright? It's okay, it's okay. Grandpa Everything is fine. Go outside to talk You may all step back now. Does Grand Tutor Li have something to say? Your Majesty, I congratulate you. Congratulations, Princess Jinyang! What did Grand Tutor Li mean by this? What joy is there? Your Majesty, I have observed Princess Jinyang's face. Princess must have some extraordinary encounters. Thanks to Li Qing's auspicious words Si Zi, tell Grandpa where you just went. I went to see the young master. Which of the four sons is the young master? That pot of astragalus root that caused the problem Young man Big house What big house Father, I told you yesterday I don't know what Su Zi ate yesterday. Has Su Zi been to that big house several times? Eat meat, eat noodles You went to a restaurant, didn't you? It's just a big yellow table. Could you tell Ah'er and Ah Mei about that? How did you get into that big house? That's how it is. It's over in the blink of an eye. A thousand miles can be traversed in the blink of an eye. This is too bizarre. Who is that young master the prince was talking about? I don't know. My little girl gave me some delicious food. Your Highness, is that young master any good? OK Did the crown prince tell him who you are? Did he ask you? I said, but Xiao Nan-jun's hearing isn't good. He couldn't understand. He is still disabled Chestnut, how is your mother doing today? Mother just took her medicine this morning It's much better than the previous two days. That's good. Thank you for your hard work these past two days. This is what a daughter should do. Is the Crown Prince hungry? What do you want to eat for lunch? Either is fine. Didn't the prince used to love eating this the most? Eat one quickly! What happened to the Crown Prince? Sister, I want to give this to the young man. Why did you give the sesame cakes to the young master, Your Highness? I went to that pot of big yellow rice. Do you know how to get there? I can go Could it be that the Crown Prince's disappearance was simply a matter of him deciding where to go? Save the sea butterflies! Crown Prince Four-four-something is not four-something. Disappeared This is definitely time travel. Otherwise, it simply doesn't make sense. Who should I tell? Everyone thought I was crazy. He has come three times already. I will definitely come again. What if the little one comes now and there's no food for him? Can I order another one? If he doesn't come, it's all for nothing. My dear sir, I've brought you some delicious food! Ah, this is for me. Hey little lad, give me some to eat! I also gave the young man some delicious food. This little guy even came all the way back to bring me food. My heart is melting! What is this? Fuma cake Young master, haven't you tried it before? I've never eaten it. Young man, you should try it! This little guy's origins are unknown. Is there anything wrong with this pancake? It was both salty and slightly bitter. Only this little kid can be treated like a treasure. Young master, don't you like to eat it? I like it. This is so delicious! You can have this too. Okay, thank you. Don't you eat it yourself? I still have some. Do you want to eat this? Mmm, I want to eat. Eat it while it's hot! Okay, thank you, Brother Xiao Nang. If I order another serving of braised pork knuckle rice, I can leave this pancake. The little guy is definitely going to be sad. Young man, aren't you hungry? Yes, yes, yes. I'm not hungry When the young man was hungry, he took his wife with him. Okay I'll eat when I'm hungry. Do you want some water? There is none in the middle. That red one It's red and sweet. What's red? Is this what you mean? Nana This is called a watermelon. watermelon Watermelon from all directions Xixi Da Oh well, watermelon it is, I'll just enjoy it slowly. Eat it and see if it's sweet. Just dig it out and eat it. Let's cut it open. Young master, you eat first. Haha, good, good, good You eat too My goodness, such a young child Don't eat the following; they're skin. Okay, thank you, young man. Why aren't you eating? Military children can Can I take this back for my mother and older sister to eat? Eat something good Still thinking about family Young master, is that alright? sure Eat as much as you want After you've eaten your fill, take the remaining half back with you. Don't be shy, eat up! I'm full That's enough. Are you not going to eat another piece? I can't eat anymore Do you know how you got here? How did you get here? That's it. Oh, it's that simple. Who is the mother you just mentioned? Is it Mom? Mother, just write Mother. This little guy is only two years old. You can't get any information out of them. Do your mother and older sister know you're here? Mother doesn't know My sister knows Grandpa also knows Why does the term "Grandpa" and "Grandma" sound so familiar? Could it be...? Could it be? You are a person from the Tang Dynasty What Nana people No wonder he couldn't understand his parents. No wonder he didn't recognize a mobile phone. So that's why This little guy really did travel from the Tang Dynasty! Do you recognize this? I don't know As expected, I guessed correctly. Disappeared again He actually left on his own initiative. How could he have such an ability? In case of an accident How can I explain this to my father? Yu Shu immediately went to Ganlu Palace Report the news that the little princess has gone missing to His Majesty again. It is Princess What exactly happened with the lychee, Prince? Father at lunchtime The persimmons have disappeared again. But I discovered he wasn't kidnapped. She went to the big house he mentioned on her own initiative. Impossible, absolutely impossible He is only two years old. He can't even walk steadily At first I didn't believe it either. But I just ate The crown prince said he wanted to send food to that young master. Holding two sesame cakes They disappeared in the blink of an eye. Who exactly is that young man? How could the Crown Prince possess such an unbelievable ability? This little kid is actually a time traveler from the Tang Dynasty. That's unbelievable! Young master, may I turn back now? Do you want to go back? Will you come again? Yes, it is. What if you can't come? Oh dear Are the four children alright? Did you get hurt? Where does the fourth child feel unwell? Auntie and Sister I brought you watermelons. It's so delicious! Where did the Crown Prince come from? It was given to me by the young man. The persimmon just said this is called watermelon. Watermelon, my dear father and sister You should try it! It's so delicious, it's sweet! The persimmon that my father was referring to was probably watermelon. Ha ha What's wrong, Grandpa? Plums are such a strange thing. Unlike silk and satin That's really true. Thin as a cicada's wing It is still transparent. It doesn't leak at all. I am knowledgeable and well-informed I've never seen this thing before. Who exactly is the young master the prince is talking about? Grandpa and Sister, eat quickly! It's quite heavy. Is it really safe to eat this stuff, Prince? Mmm, it's delicious. What did the grandfather and son eat yesterday afternoon and evening? It should be this watermelon. Auntie, let me try it first. How about lychees? Is something wrong? Auntie, this is so delicious! Sweet and refreshing Father, eat quickly! The taste is clear and sweet. Absolutely no ordinary fruits and vegetables can compare Isn't it delicious? Grandpa has already tasted it, that's enough. Leave it for the four sons to eat The four sons do not eat The four children have already eaten, and Grandpa has eaten. Grandpa is really sensible to eat my four sons. Grandpa's flavor is absolutely unique. The daughter felt that this was not something from the mortal world. What does the big house and the young man in the four sons' house look like? Big Yellow Lady The young man had short hair. The big house is cold. The young man has short hair. In our Great Tang Dynasty, both men and women have long hair. This young man is definitely not from our Great Tang Dynasty. Could it really be a deity? Didn't the four sons say they wanted to bring watermelons to their mother? Grandpa will go with you. Okay, I'll go too. Okay, let's go together. Grandpa, you can't eat that fruit peel! Ha ha ha ha That's strange. I never felt lonely when I lived alone before. How come this little dumpling only left a few hours ago? The room was completely empty. Oh no, why did I give him a watermelon? What if they don't come next time? The little dumpling said it will come again. Children's words are the most reliable. We can't let them order takeout next time. I'm a chef, after all. There are also snacks and toys That way, Xiao Sizi won't be coming to my place every day. If I go out What should I do if Xiao Sizi suddenly comes over and can't find me? I'm in a hurry, so I'm going out to buy some things. I'll be back soon. Her Imperial Highness the Empress It's time to take your medicine. No need to serve me Just do it yourself. Mother, mother is four Zi A Niang Mother, I miss Xili so much! Mother thinks of us four children every day too. Haha, Guanyinbi Are you feeling better? Your Majesty has lost all love. Your Majesty is busy with countless affairs of state. There is no need to be distracted by your concubines. This isn't because the fourth son wants to bring you nice things to show his filial piety. I've come along to bask in the glory too. I brought some delicious sweets for my mother. Really? Let Mother see what kind of treasure it is! It's a watermelon. What kind of watermelon? Mother is a watermelon I guarantee you've never eaten this before. I dare to guarantee it. You've never seen this before, try it! hey-hey Isn't it delicious, Mom? I then tasted all the freshest fruits in the world. I've never tasted fruit with this kind of texture before. Where did this come from? You finish eating first, then we'll talk. You guys eat too? We've all eaten. Where did this fruit come from? To be honest, we can't explain it either. Mother, I know So and so In this way Don't worry, the four children are in good health. His Majesty's four sons came and went out of nowhere. Your Majesty, I am truly afraid that something might happen. I understand your concerns. At first, Lizhi and I had the same idea. Look at this watermelon, it's no ordinary thing. If that young man harbors ill intentions There's no need for that. yes Mother always made her fourth son ask to go there on his own initiative. Four sons Let's not go looking for that young man anymore, okay? The young man is super nice He fed me. Give me back my watermelon He's not a bad person. I showed it to Li Taisi. What does Your Majesty mean? He said the four sons had the potential to break through the secret chamber and change their fortunes. This might not be a bad thing. Let's wait and see. What should we do next? The four sons listened to their mother. Let's not go, okay? No, I've already told the young man I want to go back. You can't go back on your word. Okay, Mom can't beat you. The four sons promised their mother Go again next time You must tell your mother and older sister first. Okay, I know. Mother, I am living now Can I go find the young man? The young master is still waiting inside. Why are you in such a hurry? Can't we go tomorrow? No, I've already made plans with my young master. Go and come back soon. Don't worry your mother. Fourth sister, I'm going out to buy some things. Young man, you encouraged me to run into this little board. Young man, come out quickly! Do you have any soul-stabilizing flowers? I've already said it. I am not called Fourth Sister My name is Fourth Sister Oh my god, Xiao Sizi! Hehehehe Don't you understand why there are two young men? Hmm, young man How did you get in? I thought you couldn't get out. I can not only go in by myself It can even fit you in too. Do you believe it or not? I believe you. You're not talking like a normal person at all! They all shook their heads. Shouldn't I say I don't believe it? Yeah, I don't believe it. This little one is so good at sweet-talking! This emotional value is off the charts. Balabala Wow, young man, you're so amazing! Isn't that amazing? I'll teach you how to play, okay? umm umm Come and see this So much fun! I've learned it too. Let's take another picture here. Hey, the seed isn't moving. This is called a photo. It's like having a painting drawn for you. Do you understand? No, I don't. So all my explanation was for nothing? Whatever, as long as you're happy. Let's bring the things from outside in first. I'll teach you how to play when I have time, okay? I'll get it for you. Wow, young man! This is so beautiful! This was bought for you. Do you like calling me? All of these are yours. Ah, that's great! This money was well spent! I'm happier than when I buy things myself. Young master, I'm not called an actor, okay, okay. Not called an actor Then tell your brother what your name is. My name is Mingda. Mingda, right? I see Don't call me "Young Master" anymore. Call me brother Call me and let me hear it. elder brother My God, if I really had such a daughter... I can laugh in my dreams Si Zi sat on it and tried it. Haha, Mingda needs to go a little further back. So comfortable! Come and try this lychee Let's see if it tastes good. Guoguo, you eat first! You eat the fruit first, there's more left. Wow This is so sweet! This is delicious too. Kids' happiness is so simple! I was so envious watching it. Brother will take you to wash your hands. How about you wash it and eat it yourself? Yeah, brother is helping you. Don't be afraid I won't be afraid. Haha, the four of us are amazing! Come and drip some soap So much fun, and there are bubbles! The four children smelled it to see if it smelled good. It is unacceptable. It is unacceptable. This is for washing hands. You can't eat it. Your hands will smell nice after washing them. These little hands are so soft! Like freshly steamed buns Okay, smell your little hands, do they smell good? Xiangxiang walked We went back to eat fruit. Okay, thank you, brother. Brother, you kiss Haha, good Is it delicious? It tastes even better when the four of us feed it. Then I'll feed another cricket. What kind of divine treatment is this? Try this Chew carefully It contains a kernel um aunt Do you like it? Yeah, I like it, hehe. It's too sweet, I can't eat too much at once. Eat less, okay? Okay, I understand. You can take some back with you when you go back. From now on, you don't need to be so polite with your brother. This little one is so sensible! So filial at only two years old By the way, four sons Come to me Do your parents know? My parents know. Even the older sister knows. Oh, so do they agree to let you come here? Casey disagrees My mother said the cricket was a bad person. Well So, I'm a bad person in their eyes? Did you tell your mother that your brother isn't a bad person? Then I said... My mother carried me here. Awesome You can go back and explain it to your mother. My brother is a good person I remember The four children waited obediently here. How about I cook for you, brother? grandmother What are you hitting? This is the remote control. Brother will find you an animated film to watch. What type of anime? You'll find out soon. I guarantee you'll like it. Wow, what is this? This is called a television. You can put cartoons in it! My brother went to cook. If you need anything, just call your brother, okay? My brother is such a good talker! Uh, just think of him as something from a magical world. Can you understand? Immortals are like fairies in stories; they are gods. Do you understand? Do you understand? Hmm, Guoguo, are you going to make something delicious for Siji? Yes, let all four seasons taste your brother's cooking. Okay, okay There's delicious food again. I must bring out my best culinary skills! Hmph, little brat Make those four kids behave and watch TV here. The fourth child is only two years old. It needs to be soft, chewy, and not spicy or irritating. day summer day Sunshine girl i like it happy day summer day Sunshine Fortunately, the animated film was attractive enough for him. Otherwise, it would be boring to be alone in the living room. Sizi has eaten. Oh, Auntie smells so good! Really? Haha That's necessary. Without even looking at who did it. Eat slowly, no one will take it from you. There's still a lot left in the pot. Auntie, your cooking is so delicious! This little kid is so considerate! I can eat two extra bowls of rice just looking at him. Eating only meat is too greasy Have a bite of tomato to cleanse your palate It tasted good too. Sweet and sour It can be clamped with a gentle pinch here. Linda, give it a try. I learned Guoguo, eat up! This little one learned to pick up food with his chopsticks and actually fed it to me first. Mother, don't worry. Perhaps that celestial gentleman invited the four of them to have dinner. Oh, it's already dark. If anything were to happen to my fourth son, it would be unthinkable. How could I not worry? Why did the four of them go to see that scoundrel again? Hmm, he hasn't come back yet. Don't worry too much. It's no use even if you hurt your body. Let's eat and wait for dinner. You can't go hungry. Little Si, if you don't come back soon... My sister is really going crazy with worry. Brother, I'm full! It's good to be full. Brother, I want to watch cartoons again! Oh no, I was so busy feeding the baby! It was getting dark. It's getting dark. Shouldn't you go home? Brother, I'm going to fly away. My mother will miss me. Didn't the four kids want to watch cartoons? I've downloaded it for you, brother. You can take it back and watch it. Click this triangle to play. Wow, it's a baby cow! I learned to fly Hey, remember to bring your tablet back! It's not that I'm reluctant to part with a tablet. It's to give the four sons a reason to come back. Brother, I will come back. After these four sons left The house suddenly felt empty. I'm really a little reluctant to part with it. It's about time the four sons came back. Wait a little longer, don't rush. Mother, I'm back! Hahaha Si Zi, why have you been gone for so long? Westinghouse is not good I'm sorry, I'm sorry The four children told their mother What did you do with the young master? Why are you so late coming back? My aunt showed me cartoons They even made me a change of pace. Even immortals cook! The rice cooked by Guo Guo is so delicious! Father and mother gave Your Majesty This is lychee. It is indeed lychee I only saw it once when I was conquering Lingnan. From Lingnan to Chang'an A thousand miles away, eight hundred miles Even expedited processing couldn't save this water. Take the mud Chicken is delicious too Sweeter than cherries Could this be a cherry? How could it be so big? It should be a rare and precious fruit from the immortals. It's so sweet! Much tastier than cherries Did Guoguo pack a lot for me? Hmm, this looks like a cherry. The taste is so different! It is truly a rare object. What kind of cartoon was Si Zi just talking about? I'll show you. The four-piece thing looks thin. It can't hold much anyway. The result is that it can hold a lot of things. It can hold crickets. It can also hold four children. It can fit a person inside. Could this be some kind of magical artifact? There are even things that can glow on their own. This is by no means an ordinary thing. It really does contain mountains and rivers. This is an animated film. This is definitely a magical treasure from the immortals. Besides immortals Who could create something like this? that young man No, that immortal They actually let the four sons bring back such a precious magical treasure! Father and Mother Could this truly be a magical artifact from the immortals? Li Changshi said that his four sons had a miraculous encounter that changed their fate. It actually came true. His Majesty, the Immortal, bestowed such a magical treasure upon his four sons. We should at least return some gifts. I was just thinking about this too. The immortals certainly don't covet mortal possessions. We can offer incense. To express gratitude Oh yes, how could I have forgotten that? Why aren't you watching, Si Zi? Guo said that Guo should not visit Tangxi Street. It's bad for your eyes The immortal was so meticulous They even gave me this instruction. I've seen it in ancient books. Immortal artifacts are often tainted by karma. Frequent use may shorten lifespan Brother, what brings you here? The four sons sent their elder brother so many rare foods. Brother, you must hurry and come see me. Brother Xie It should be your elder brother who thanks you. Brother chestnut Where did the fruit that Sizi brought me yesterday come from? The four children still can't speak fluently. It couldn't have been conjured up by him, could it? Brother, you might not believe what I'm about to tell you. The fourth son encountered a deity. Chestnut, are you just teasing your brother? There are no gods or immortals in this world. Your four sons and four brothers have come to see you. Oh, brother and lychee are here too! Fourth Brother Qingque, you've come to see the four children too? Those weren't the fruits that Si Zi gave us. I've never seen anything like it in my entire life. Coincidentally, so am I too. Senior brother, what delicious food did you bring me? It's the mutton pie that the four boys love to eat the most. It's still warm. Senior brother, I don't eat. I want to bring this to my brother Brother what brother Fourth brother, let me explain. So and so and so It really was a gift from the gods. But this is just too absurd! I also think it's outrageous. Let the four sons bring out their magic weapons for you to see. They believed the four sons. How about you take out the magic weapon that the fairy brother gave you? Is it a small board? right What is this? This is what the fairy brother of the fourth son gave him. Immortal Treasures That's incredible! There really are magical treasures of immortals in this world. My parents know about this. Everyone knows. Brother and sister I'm going to make something delicious for the cricket. The four of them can go if they want. Grasshopper Grasshopper Wake up! Guoguo, wake up! Ah, Si Zi, it really isn't a dream. This little dumpling has really arrived! Arrived so early How about we go to the living room and wait for your brother? I'll come out and play with you in a bit. Hmm, hey Brother, I brought you something delicious. Sizi, you can't keep sucking your fingers anymore, okay? I didn't know I brought you something delicious, brother. Try it! Wow, this is so beautiful! What's this called? This is called a sports team. It's sweet and delicious! Brother, why aren't you eating the rope? My brother didn't brush his teeth or wash his face. Eat after brushing Ah, delicious! Soft and chewy It also has a bean flavor. Hehe Guoguo Are nuts delicious? I also eat persimmons I've already eaten fruit. Brother west made me grapefruit cakes Fruit Bro isn't very tasty yet. Mmm, it's really delicious. Xizi didn't eat enough, right? Okay, then I'll go make you breakfast. You should watch some cartoons first. The four children are eating. Wow, the four kids can even turn off the TV! That's so clever! Wow, it's delicious and smells great! The four sons went home so late yesterday Are Auntie and Mother angry? Mother was worried about Ula My older sister is so fierce! It seems I need to curry favor with the Emperor and Empress. Wait a minute, brother My brother went to make lunch. Why don't you pack it up and take it back with you? Can I put my aunt and grandma in there? Brother who takes photos I want to take photos Brother will teach you again, please watch carefully. Hey brother, I'll take pictures too! I want to take good pictures You try it. My brother teased our mother. Haha, the four of us took really good photos! Yeah, I'm really good. This little one is so cute! Wa katydid Your little one can also be used to take photos. Yes, this is called a mobile phone. What you're holding is a tablet computer. You can take photos mobile phones and tablets Haha, grasshopper! I can go back Can I take photos of my grandparents? The older brother gave the tablet to the four sons directly. real Of course it's true. Giving away a tablet is nothing. Hehe, thank you, brother. I already told you not to be so polite with your brother. No, no No need to thank my brother yet Haha, do the four of them know how old they are this year? How old was she? Mother's Year Si Zi, you're hilarious! I'll go cook first. Hehehe The four-course meal is ready. It's time to go back. Hmm, grasshopper I'm leaving now, Dad and Mom, I'm back! What good stuff did the four boys bring back this time? The food that the grasshopper made for me Our four sons' fairy brother What delicious food did I make for you again? Open it quickly and see what it looks like. Look, this bowl is transparent! This is a bowl used by immortals. There are still such objects in the world. It's still light and airy. Not heavy at all Father and mother ate rice cooked by crickets together. Super delicious Okay, okay, Grandpa, take a look. Brother Four Sit down, sit down How do I open the four-piece set? Open and borrow Ouch, it's a little hot. I'll do it! This lid is so soft Don't break the things belonging to the gods. Yes, what if it gets broken? Be careful Don't break the immortal's artifacts. It's better to be cautious. No, no. I've thrown away so many crickets. Let's set a price. Listen to the four sons Ah Ye is beef Even immortals eat beef. Perhaps it's because there's no need to farm in the immortal realm. It was a gift from the gods. We don't need to worry too much. Even if you eat This is wonderful! I can actually taste some fresh beef today. What is that red thing in the four-child group? It's a tomato. His Majesty The four of them told us about this yesterday. So what is this? I don't know either. Brother and Mother Why is this rice so white? Green rice and white flour This is food for immortals. What is this fourth son? This is what the cricket used to feed me. Is this a spoon? It was even brighter than the bronze mirrors in the palace. Well, we really benefited from the four of them today. To be able to eat the food that the gods ate last time Try them all! I want a large bowl of jade books Go and get a large bowl for the fourth son, as you command. The four sons should not be like this. These are for my second sister. The older sister misunderstood the four sons. You guys hurry up and cut Let the four of you eat first. This was made for you by the fairy brother. Father and mother should just try it. Mother, you cut Okay, okay, Mother will do it herself. Mother herself Your Majesty, please have a taste. It's really, really Hehe, isn't it delicious? Mmm, this is so delicious! Is it really that delicious? Everyone should try this divine food and see what it is! The culinary skills of the Upper House are already top-notch. But compared to this dish It's like comparing heaven and earth. The food of the immortals is indeed incomparable to that of mortals. This meat smells so good! Father and Mother, please have a taste! This meat is really delicious. I just couldn't tell what kind of meat it was. I don't know, but the fragrance is absolutely amazing. Do the four children know what kind of meat this is? Several duck dishes were also delicious, hahaha The four sons are right. It's just delicious meat. The little kid left less than half an hour ago and then opened... I'm starting to miss him. Oh, I didn't buy any packages or order takeout today. Could it be that the baby is back? Is Xiao Jiang home? Oh, it's here. Grandpa Zhang, what brings you here? I came here to take a look since I had nothing to do. You don't need to change your shoes, right? No need, no need Haha, grandpa, please sit down. Your restaurant is closed. Is this house still available for rent? Still need to rent I don't plan to move for now. Oh, okay, okay. What's wrong, Grandpa Zhang? Grandpa Jiang Can I pick them up and take a look at these two food containers? Why not? Please feel free to look around, sir. What's wrong with this thing, Grandpa? (by Xiao Jiang) Where did you get these two food containers? This is what a friend brought me when he delivered food. Meal delivery Goodness What kind of friends They'll bring you food in a sandalwood food box. Sandalwood, huh? My sword and shield This magic weapon is amazing! They can even fit a talking dog inside! Brother, this isn't called a magic weapon. This is called a tablet computer. Such a precious magical treasure was given away so easily. The immortal values his four sons far too much. Are these 10 boxes really that expensive? These two boxes will take at least 30 people to finish. If this were in the past... That's something only wealthy families could afford. So what I ate yesterday wasn't takeout? It's a down payment for a house. This can freeze a person inside in an instant. Si Zi, this is the amazing brother who cooks for you! Guoguo is amazing! I thought immortals were all elderly men with white hair and beards. I didn't expect him to be so young. Why is your hair so short? They look like barbarians. Even with your unrestrained, divine appearance, you can still possess wisdom. Hurry up and apologize Gods, please don't be offended. The brat has no sense of propriety. Is Xiao Sizi thinking of me? Why did Si Zi wake up? Are you hot? Sister, I want to go to the cricket's place. It's cool there, cricket. There are things that blow cold air. Grasshopper Why did Si Zi come over carrying a pillow? Grasshopper, I want to sleep. Why did you suddenly think of my brother? You and your mother and sister Did they say that? I've already mentioned the cricket here, and it's the Empress's... So this little dumpling It's my rented room with air conditioning. It became a summer palace for the Tang Dynasty. Okay, okay, brother, take me to sleep. This pillow is unnecessary. My brother has two pillows One is mine The other one is mine too. I want this Then take it. Could it be that the four children could travel to my house? These are the jade ornaments. Can I travel to the Tang Dynasty? The four children woke up Have you had enough sleep? The cricket's shoulders are so soft! Four sons came down How about your brother takes you out to buy a new pair of shoes? I have it. It's different from yours. Let's go buy it now. Could you go back first? Tell your mother and sister Your brother will take you shopping. I'll come back later Don't make them anxious Okay, I'll go back now. This girl The four sons are back. Sister, don't worry. Let's talk about the four sons slowly. Is there something you want to say to your older sister? My brother took me out It will arrive a little later. The four boys won't be back for a while. Tell your sister not to worry, right? The four children must behave when they go out with the fairy brother. Do you understand, four sons? Don't forget to bring your magical artifacts. Excuse me, please let me use your tablet computer. Tablet PC Hurry up and go, don't keep your fairy brother waiting! Brother, I'm back. I've already told my older sister. That's great, let's play this again when we get back. Go out and buy shoes first Come here, brother, hug me. Helping my brother hold the car keys Let's go! Four people press the middle button on the car key. Press it firmly. Have you borrowed it? Not going any further Yes, that's it. Press hard The four sons are not afraid This is our car making the noise. Not scary Even tiny crickets need to tie up their nests! completion This little dumpling doesn't think I'm going to tie it up, does it? If you don't tie it up, wait... The car will start moving The four kids will fall off the chair! The older brother will not hurt the four children. Don't worry, okay? Let's go, four of you! Wow, the cricket is moving its lungs! Yes, four of them, this is called a car. It is the means of transportation that takes us out. tracheotomy Haha, right about tracheotomy That's fun! If the four of them like it... Brother will bring you here to ride every day, okay? Yeah, what's wrong? Do the four children like this place? Brother, this is so funny, hehe. If you like it, that's fine. Does a handsome guy buy clothes for his child? Come in and take a look! Our new models have all arrived. good How come this little baby is so good-looking? Wow, did this baby grow up eating cuteness? Brother, brother The older sisters are praising you. The four are not afraid. Don't scare the child. Look how scared the baby is! Handsome, is this your sister? So cute! Are you a handsome guy looking for a girlfriend? The kind of person who can take care of and soothe children We're here to buy shoes. Do you like any of the four? That baby voice is so cute! I can introduce you to the styles you want. We want a pair of sandals These soft, foot-protecting soles also match perfectly with baby's clothes. These little shoes are so awful! It's so cute it melted my heart. Do the four children like this? Yeah, this is beautiful. Hey So much fun! I love these shoes, I want them! Pick another pair to alternate wearing. The baby will definitely love this soft-bottomed, squeaky thing. Brother, this is fun! I want these too, baby. This garment is hand-sewn from natural silk, right? It should be There's no need to look at those clothes. Our shop's materials are simply incomparable. So my little one is dressed in haute couture? aunt These shoes are so fun! As long as the four children are happy. It turns out that you need to hold a child's hand when taking care of them. It's not about letting him hold it. It's scary that I have no experience. Put persimmons in the car You can eat if you're hungry What is this, Guoguo? This is called a sweet cookie. Guoguo is hungry now. The little glutton can only eat after paying! um Delicious and sweet Brother, you eat too. This little dumpling is so adorable! My heart is melting from his warmth. Let's go into the baby store and see what's there. You'll know when you get there. Wow, the little girl is so cute! Thank you, beautiful sister. We need a child safety seat. Okay, this way please. Will this help break my baby's thumb-sucking habit? Short-term But it's hard to quit. This baby's condition is mostly due to a lack of companionship. It turns out I didn't spend enough time with him. When using it? Pull out the seatbelt like this Then just insert it. Okay, thank you, handsome. Can I take a picture with the little girl? Come closer, oh, so cute! These are your father and mother. Well, it turns out to be my father. The result was my mother This ochre yellow was the exclusive color of the emperor in the Tang Dynasty. Fourth son, is your father the Emperor? Fourth Prince, you're a princess! You really are a princess. Auntie, where did you go wrong? Who picked up this kid? She's actually a princess of the Tang Dynasty! You are Princess Jinyang Nickname: Sizi I've already said that. I actually lived with the daughter of the Heavenly Khan! He only lived to be 12 years old. Such a soft child Brother, don't cry if your hands are hungry. Diseases that the Tang Dynasty could not cure Now it is possible Everything will be fine from now on. Your brother protects you Wow, so sweet and beautiful! I can only eat one today. Eating too much will cause worms in your teeth. Brother, I want another one for Mother. Mother has never eaten it This child is so sensible. As expected of someone taught by Empress Zhangsun Bring all the food to your older siblings, don't eat too much. Guoguo, I will come again. Guoguo is delighted to see her four children. They went to the immortals' place again. Yes, we even came back once in between. He said the fairy brother took him out. Who exactly is this deity? Mother, I'm back. Four sons, your feet How can it glow? These are the shoes my aunt bought for me. It also consumes a lot of electricity. How did you do that? Mom, wasabi tastes really sweet to you. It is indeed very sweet The texture is surprisingly delicate. What about the fourth son's father? Also for my second sister Prince Gaoyang Father, please have a bite. I, the Emperor of the Heavenly Court I could only get a bite of candy from my daughter. What is the big box containing the four children? Excuse me, it's milk. Guoguo said Huo Yiguo every day Paper box It can even hold milk. Not good, not sweet It had absolutely no fishy or muttony smell. Rich and smooth taste This is a really good product. Did the four children ask the fairy brother? What gift does he want? I asked the cricket for the mat box. What kind of mat box? Those two who brought pastries to Xiwo That kind of ordinary mat box Why would a deity want this? It really is a matter of personal preference. Yeah, crickets just like it. Mother I'm also dead, I need to find the cricket. The four children would go to the fairy brother's place for their afternoon nap. They said it's cool there. The cricket bed is soft and not hot. If you're going, bring these food boxes with you. Immortal Brother Come back early tomorrow morning No naughtiness allowed I also want to give my second sister a lollipop. I wonder what kind of destiny allowed the four sons to have such an extraordinary encounter. Why did Si Zi come over so late at night? Grasshopper, here I come! I've already told my mother. Is it because it's too hot in the palace and you can't sleep that you came here? Yeah, I can't sleep. Thank you, Guoguo. Go to sleep. Go to sleep now. Brother and Mother are also hot My brother will buy an electric fan tomorrow. The four children will stop being hot when they are taken back to their mother. This little kid is only two years old. Enjoying his own happiness, he doesn't forget his mother. oh oh Guoguo Are the four kids going back now that they've woken up? I'm going back now. I also need to give Ai-jie a lollipop. Finally, they've left. I need to take a nap. Has Xiao Jiang gotten up? Xiao Jiang, I can't get through to you on the phone. I came straight up. Wow, that's incredible! This is a rare artifact from the Great Qi Dynasty! Ah, a friend gave it to me. Intangible cultural heritage crafts Valuable The things the four sons casually gave away were so valuable. Xiao Jiang Are you planning to sell these? Sell it, keeping it is useless. I don't have enough cash to sell them all. But don't sell the items. I won't take money if others don't pay it in full. No problem I trust you. Please hurry, I have something to do later. Okay, I'll do it as soon as possible. The four boys should be back by now. Who knows, maybe it's with the fairy brother. I only got back after having breakfast. Ah, Mother and Sister Did you sleep well at night? Did the fairy brother accept the food box? His brother accepted it. I can't open it, so I'm going to steal Sister Ai's account. Eat something first before you go I'm not in a hurry and don't want to eat. Have the four children eaten anything? No. If I'm not hungry, then forget it. Eat when you're hungry. Mother, I'm going to be the second eldest sister! Four sons, four sons You haven't come these past two days. I miss you so much. Second sister calls this a lollipop. Achoo! Your Highness Chang Le Has Your Highness caught a cold? Are the four children feeling unwell? Sizi, are you alright? Sister Ai, hurry up and bully me! Achoo! Achoo! Oh no! This girl has really caught a cold. Finally back Mingyue hurried to find the imperial physician. Yes, this servant will go right away. Her Majesty's Little Shop Wind-cold enters the body It requires pungent and warm herbs to relieve exterior symptoms. Medicine to dispel cold I don't want to live a lonely life. The four sons were obedient. The illness was cured after taking the medicine. If Your Highness refuses to take the medicine Then acupuncture was the only treatment option. Bright, gleaming needles piercing the flesh That's terrifying! I don't want to! Mother, how could we forget the immortals? There are still more than 800,000 left. I've become a millionaire! Four children, don't cry. What's wrong? My mother wants me to take medicine. I don't want bitterness! Don't cry, brother will take you to the doctor. The medicine is guaranteed not to be bitter. He caught a cold. Just prescribe some sweet-tasting medicine. Time to take your medicine The fruit was bitter. I don't want to suffer. This is sweet. My brother promises he won't feel bad after drinking it. Wow, it's so sweet and delicious! Let's go home first. This is so blurry, Guoguo. We still need the results Dark and bitter I can't drink it. This isn't bitter at all, it's super sweet. Wow, the result is even more blurry. It's so sweet! Can you make a little more paste, fruit? This is also medicine Don't drink too much Another little glutton who's gotten tipsy from taking medicine. The fever has subsided and I'm fine. Yay, I'm all better! This medicine should be taken in 10 ml doses. Don't feed it too much, or this little glutton will drink too much. Brother, I've stopped. What happened to the four sons? Where are the four sons? His Majesty's four sons went to find the immortal young master. The four children aren't hot anymore. It's not hot at all. The illness was cured in less than an hour. This is a magical medicine given by Guoguo. The medicine of the immortals is indeed extraordinary. What a beautiful and exquisite glass bottle! It must be a rare treasure. Elixir paired with elixir bottle Shinmyo This humble servant has met the Immortal Lord. Chang Le has met the Immortal Lord The Immortal Lord Arrives I failed to greet you properly. Drink 3 times a day Just drink it directly. No need to dilute with water If the child really doesn't like the taste... You can add a little warm water. The immortal lord seems unable to hear us. Aunt Guoguo didn't come. This is the Dharma image left behind by the Immortal Lord. Truly worthy of being called a Celestial Lord Do you have rechargeable fans at home? This young man has a 12-inch 20,000 mAh battery. Minimum guarantee of 40 hours I'll take this one. Ten units, please. One unit costs 499. I want ten units. Not cheaper Before, I would haggle for ages over every penny or two when buying groceries. You want more A fixed price of 460 per unit Ten units, 4,600 No more haggling. This little gadget is just right. Take it back for the little girl to play with. Chengyang Xiaodiansheng The four children are asleep. Is the fourth sister's illness any better? Don't worry, the four boys are fine now. Mother and elder sister Si Zi, you're awake. Are you feeling unwell? Sister, I'm out of luck. Are the four children hungry? My second sister also arrived. Shall we have dinner together? Mother, I'm not hungry. The immortal instructed It's almost time to take your medicine tonight. Then take medicine. I've lived this long This is the first time I've ever seen or heard of someone being so happy about taking medicine. Is it that delicious? Hmm, the cricket says it tastes sweet like strawberries. This medicine looks extremely bitter. It's tough on the four sons. Sister Ai, you should try it too. No, no, this is medicine. People who are not sick should not drink it. The four children can drink it themselves. Oh, Sister Ai I'll take you to the crickets. There are lots of delicious things to eat at the cricket's place. Can I go to the Four Sons' Club too? The four sons can go to the Immortal Lord's place. He has a predestined connection with the immortals. Now we need to take Cheng Yang with us to the Immortal Lord. Will they blame me? Who is Si Zi? Guoguo, this is my second sister. Is my second sister Princess Chengyang? Guoguo, you actually know my second sister? I've seen the fairy young man Does Cheng Yang think his brother is a god? Do the four children think their older brother is a god? Hey, brother, you're not a god. Just an ordinary person not understand I don't understand why you're nodding. Cheng Yang's four sons are still young Let me explain to you... I'm not young anymore, I'm already two years old! Our four children are two years old. He's a big kid now. Anyway, remember this My brother is not a god. Are you two hungry? Brother will cook for you. Grasshoppers hoo-hoo! It's good to know you're hungry It seems the illness is completely cured. Thank you, young man Chengyang. From now on, just call me "brother" like the fourth son. Sister Ai, don't you think this fruit is pretty? This was bought for me by Guoguo. Sister Ai, which one do you like? Pick any one Hmm, this fruit is very pretty. Sister Ai, please sit down. I thought finding a little princess was outrageous enough. Another one came today! The four sons were able to bring Cheng Yang over. This explains his time travel with people. Could he take me to the Tang Dynasty? Wow, the fruit smells so good! Time to wash hands and eat! Sister, let's go wash our hands, I'll take you. This little girl It's your turn, Cheng Yang. This is me. It's amazing that I can see it so clearly. Guoguo, you eat Thank you to our four sons Sister Ai eats meat Guoguo's meat dishes are the best in the world This little girl is so good at taking care of people. How come I never noticed this before? Wait a minute. The pots were full of boiling water. 4. You are sick today. Cannot eat meat Besides dumpling soup You can only eat this dish. WeChat, huh? When you get better How about I make you a big plate of braised pork? Try this first and see if it tastes good. Brother, I'll do it myself. Sister, you eat wasabi. Eat more Sister, you're eating wasabi again. This is also super delicious. Thank you, Sizi Can I smell the meat, sir? Just a sniff How about we just eat this piece? Thank you, brother. Brother will teach you how to use this electric fan. It'll be cooler to fan myself when I get home at night. However, the four pieces cannot be used first. You can only blow it after you're completely cured. Do you know, um? If the fan stops working, take it back to my brother to fix. They actually turned a place fit for gods into a food stall. He even took Changyang along to freeload a meal. The four have been gone for so long They must have eaten. Fourth son Changyang It looks strange I've seen what Uncle Xi brought us. Call it electric red line Electric red line Sister misheard. This is called an electric fan. electric fan Can push the wind This can blow air on its own. No need for someone to fan you It's especially cool in summer. Oh, such a magical thing exists! It doesn't look big Wow, there really is wind. That's amazing! This is definitely a magical artifact from the immortals. Hehe, isn't that amazing? The wind speed can be adjusted. It can also adjust the wind speed. Sister Ai, please demonstrate for Grandpa and Grandma. This thing is amazing! It can turn on its own without human intervention. That's truly divine skill! Father, the result can still be cooled down. Cool What's the meaning It can actually be this bright. My brother said this is a light. You can turn on the lights at night. Much brighter than an oil lamp This is so bright! The things of the immortals are truly different. Aye the grasshopper doesn't believe in gods and immortals. Hmm, what did you say? Four sons, you say immortals The cricket said he didn't believe in gods. Hmm, my brother said he's an ordinary person. Not a god Maybe I should go with Si Zi tomorrow to take a look. Can the four sons bring their older sister along? No, you can't. My brother is a really nice person. Okay, let Lychee go and take a look. There shouldn't be any danger, right? Mother, rest assured The four have come and gone several times. It's alright, Your Majesty. Should we share these fans with the children? What do the four think? Give some to my brothers. I'll deliver it. Sister waited until the electric arc stopped spinning. We need to bring it back for the cricket. Why is Your Highness dressed so formally today? Today I'm going to meet a special guest. Mother's Lychees are here! I hope the four of them were alright last night. I slept soundly and was fine. It did not recur. If that young man wasn't a deity... How could there be such miraculous medical skills? Sizi, take your older sister there. Should I inform your brother beforehand? No need, I always go directly to... My brother won't be angry. Mother, this is my first time meeting someone. Wouldn't it be inappropriate not to bring some gifts? All we know is that the young master likes food boxes. Since he likes to send food boxes Just right Four, can we leave now? Go find your brother! Ahhh Where is your brother, Si Zi? Brother, what are you doing? Who is Xizi? This is my older sister. Sister, umm umm Young Master Lizhe greets you. Oh, oh, hello, hello, that one Please have a seat. I'll finish brushing my teeth first. Sister, please have a seat. This is for sitting. Mmm, so soft This feels very comfortable, sister. What's wrong, sis? Oh, it's okay, it's okay. Please feel free to have something to drink. Never mind, I'll just go get it. Drink some Rebi when it's hot. Young master, this is This is a beverage It tastes good, you should try it. It's so cool in this sweltering weather. The jar was as cold as ice. What a strange taste! That's how Lei Bi tastes. Anyway, it tastes ice-cold. Try another sip It tastes pretty good. Auntie, why don't I have any? My second sister didn't either. The four sons must not be disrespectful. You are too young This stuff is bad for your health. It's okay for adults to drink a little. Oh, I see. Brother, can I just try a tiny bit? Have you had breakfast? Hui Xiaolang We've already eaten. Okay, I can only drink a little bit. Is this all you need to drink? not good What's wrong with it? A little less Is this okay for the four of them? Hmm. Hehe, um Ah, this is so delicious, hehe. Little glutton Delicious! Young sir, please forgive my intrusion. The four sons said you're not a god. I'm really not a god. Why is everything here so different from that of the Tang Dynasty? For example, this drink Unique taste Unparalleled in the Tang Dynasty Not to mention those electric fans that can send air out of thin air. I couldn't explain it to the four of them before. It just so happens that you're here today. Do you know what time travel means? don't know Let me put it another way. I am a person from more than 1,000 years after your Tang Dynasty. The young master means We have arrived in a world 1,000 years in the future. Do you know this? Young master, isn't this the Jade Saint of the Fourth Prince? The four children are on him This is my own. Two identical pieces I also have one The same for both of us Grandma really is the same. It's because of the connection between these two identical jade pieces. The four sons could only suddenly appear here with me. This is just too bizarre. When Hi Sizi first appeared at my house Even more bizarre than you think I was so scared I almost jumped out of my skin. I wonder which saint it is now. How many reign titles did the emperor have? There are no saints now. There is no emperor anymore. There is no emperor. How could this be? Young sir, is it still the Tang Dynasty? Let alone the Tang Dynasty The Qing Dynasty has been gone for over 100 years. Don't rush. I'll tell you slowly. It's no longer the Tang Dynasty. There were no dynasties or emperors. Now the people are the masters of the country. May I ask, young man? No monarch The people held differing opinions Wouldn't the world fall into chaos? How about I take you guys out for a walk? See the world with your own eyes All right Si Zichangyang turned off the TV. Let's go out and play Did you two drink all the beverages? Hehehe, you two little gluttons! My stomach hurts later. My brother doesn't care about your brother. Don't be angry, I'm leaving. Brother is worried you'll get stomach aches from drinking it, you know? Okay, I'm not drinking anymore. They've all finished drinking. There's no more to drink. The four sons must listen to the young master's words. Yeah, yeah. Let's go out and play! Young master, you're so tall here. How do we get down? Download from here. There are no stairs here. This is called an elevator. Come in quickly without using the stairs. This metal box could actually carry people downhill. Go out This is called a car. They came here to park. No danger Young master, I have been impolite. It's okay, it's the first time I've seen it, everyone's like this. You'll get used to it. My sister is timid. Believe it or not, I'll beat you up. I'm not afraid, hehe. Alright, four sons Don't argue with your older sister. Let's go get the car Four-piece lock picking i like it happy day summer啊 Why did the young master tie up the four sons? You must wear a seatbelt when riding in a car This is to protect him. Get on the bus Should we go in too? Of course, this is our means of transportation. It means the same as a horse-drawn carriage. Our second sister Second sister Let me help you fasten your seatbelt. Men and women should not touch each other. But he looked open and honest. They don't even try to avoid suspicion! Young Master, your car doesn't need oxen or horses. Why can it move on its own? It has an engine Just like a person can eat and walk. Go in Okay, okay. This glass door can even open by itself! Grasshopper, I want this to go well. Be careful not to fall. Second sister, I'll go with you. What is this cricket? Young master, you're climbing these stairs by yourself. This is called an escalator. Stand on it without moving He can take you up there. Encourage you to hold Cheng Yang Escalators are dangerous We must hurry Oh, okay, young man. If you walk in front and lose your balance... I can still help you. Ah, hey Be careful and don't be afraid. The four sons should run slowly in the sun. I understand, brother. We need to find something delicious. What happened, Si Zi? Can't find what I want to eat There's nothing good to eat here, Guoguo. I could only smell the fragrance I didn't see any food at all. I was so busy looking at the food I completely forgot that these two little ones aren't even as tall as Jian Tai. Wow, so much delicious food! Oh my god, so many beautiful foods! Lying with small dots Honey, we can't disturb other people, okay? Even the Imperial Food Bureau I couldn't make such exquisite and beautiful food. Which one do you want to eat? Can you help me carry it? Then I want them all! Can our little bellies hold it all? I'm very good. We can definitely finish it. Hehe Crispy Shrimp Grilled steak and crickets, you eat first. It smelled delicious. Just eat the dead child. We'll get more after we finish eating. There are still many more. Oh, sister, here's the result for you to eat. The dead son is really sensible Sister can take it herself. Dead son, eat quickly! Eat something first By the way, please don't call me "Young Master" anymore. Then how should I address you? Like Sizi Changyang Just call me brother. But in our Great Tang Dynasty "Brother" means "father". Hi, this is what you mean by "brother". Brother, can we eat beef freely here? The dishes you asked Sizi to bring back last time There is stewed beef We have no restrictions on eating beef here; you can eat as much as you want. Don't you use oxen to plow the fields? It's not used anymore. Farming is now entirely mechanized. You'll see when I have the chance. When did Columbia Tang cease to exist? It has been more than a thousand years since the fall of the Tang Dynasty. More than a thousand years Do you know how many years the Tang Dynasty lasted? The Tang Dynasty lasted a total of 289 years. Aye is diligent day and night Exhausting one's energy The Reign of Zhenguan It only lasted for less than three hundred years. Don't be sad. It's already considered quite long for a unified dynasty. Eat something sweet. My mood will be better This stuff tastes really good. Try some lychees This pork belly is especially delicious when dipped in sauce. It smells really good This dipping sauce The flavor is very rich It's especially delicious If it's delicious, we'll bake as much as we want. I want a pot too! I want to eat this pot too! It'll be ready soon, no rush! Four sons riding sheep You eat first. You can eat your new one, it'll be baked right away. Bro, what kind of meat is this? It doesn't resemble beef or lamb. Oh, this is pork. It turned out to be pork that was called "meat-enhancing" What's wrong, Lili isn't feeling well? I'll get you a drink to cleanse your palate. Are you feeling any better? Much better. We rarely eat pork where I'm from. The flavor is too strong. If you don't like it, then don't eat it. I'll go get you some roasted lamb chops. You watch the two kids, I'll go get them. The taste is much better than the roasted mutton at Datang. Brother will take you for another tour. Check if there's anything delicious I forgot. This pot is so clear! It stinks, it smells awful! Haha, don't be fooled by how smelly this stuff is! It tastes so sweet and delicious! Want to try some? Don't taste it, don't taste it. I don't want to secretly be with my brother. It stinks so bad, you wait! Brother will give you two pieces to try, then you'll know. Lai Sizi Just a small bite If it doesn't taste good, can we just not eat it? I don't want it, ... it smells too bad. Haha, give it a try! When has your brother ever owed you anything? How is it? Is it delicious? The fruit is delicious and sweet. See, your brother didn't lie to you. Then I want to eat more. Guoguo doesn't lie. Come to Changyang and have a taste! My brother is really delicious. It doesn't smell at all anymore. I wasn't lying to you, was I? Yeah, we still have to go. Let's take a few more pieces back for my sister to try. The result was that the cows slept. Super delicious! Mmm, it smells so good and sweet. One bite and you're instantly intoxicated by the aroma. Give it a try, I guarantee you've never had it in Chang'an. It smells awful! Why did you react the same way as Si Zi and Chang Yang at the beginning? It is really I simply can't believe he could eat this. It's really delicious. And you'll remember it after just one taste. What do you think doesn't taste good? I won't fall for your tricks. This durian from my sister is absolutely delicious! I never lie to you Yeah, I'm not lying to you. Sister really didn't believe it. Then I'll use the method my brother just gave me. Sister, eat quickly! It smells amazing! Sister, you don't need to. No need for four pieces, take it away quickly! Four-piece fine-cutting I'm not lying to my sister. The four of them quickly took it. Don't come any closer. You take a bite, just one bite. Let's forget about the four sons. My sister doesn't like to eat... mmm... Okay? I'll eat by myself. I'm begging you from a distance. Are you all full? Mmm, so full! Okay, thank you, Brother Guoguo. I'm full. Okay, let's go then. Hello Brother, we haven't paid yet. Guoguo, where should we go to play? How about your fourth brother takes you shopping? Grandma Brother We haven't paid yet. I've already paid. Bro, you really paid? I haven't seen you give anyone money from beginning to end. We don't use cash anymore. This is no longer the lobby. Indeed, Kaiyuan copper coins are not needed. Even if you pay with this thing I didn't see you give it to anyone. This is just a payment tool. No need to carry money with you These things are no different from magic. This is not magic. This is called technology. What is technology? I'll show you how it works in a bit. Let's go that way. Let me show you what technology is. Isn't it just one of those big iron boxes we made before? Guoguo, I don't want to go in. My brother is so tall, I'm scared! Brother, shall I hold you? Come in quickly! Do you want me to hug you? How did he...? He just said that offhand. So embarrassing! Zi Chengyang You two are almost strangling your brother to death. Don't you use lamp oil for your lamps? This is called an electric light. Electric ones don't need lamp oil. What is electricity? It is a type of energy Not only can it make the light turn on It can also make the fan spin. So amazing What does electricity look like? Invisible and intangible Little sister, it's you again! pretty sister Why am I calling you again? Haha, who is this? How come she's so beautiful? I've met my second sister before. So it's my second sister! What are you buying today? So who did you come with? pot I'll pick out a car seat for my little sister too. This type of car is rechargeable. Is that right? They are all rechargeable. It's extremely easy to operate. This child can drive by himself. There is only one pedal Step on and walk Release and stop I never played with this when I was a kid. Now it's perfect to let the two little ones help me relive my childhood. This car looks really interesting. I plan to buy one for each of Sizi and Changyang. Brother, don't spend so much money. This thing definitely isn't cheap. It's nothing, it's no big deal. Wow, little Qieqie is so pretty! Can this move on its own? You'll be able to drive yourselves from now on. Do you like it or not? I love it so much! Then you can choose. Which one do you like? Brother will buy it for you I want this one. The four sons have good taste. Which one does Cheng Yang like? Let's take this one. You can go up and try it first. Experience it Cheng Yang, the fourth son Do you want to ride in the car? think Haha, this is fun! Brother, look! I can drive now. Turning point Haha, car seat I'll take you to the parking lot. Please leave your address for these two cars. We'll have our delivery driver bring it to your door. Thank you for your help. Just poke it a few times The money was paid out. Hey grandpa I just transferred the remaining 860,000 yuan of Xiao Jiang to your card. Check if you received it. Received from the old man Hey, what's so troublesome about this? Those boxes are all mine now. no problem Brother, were you talking to someone just now? Yes, it was the landlord of this house who called. Isn't this for paying? How can he still talk to people? This is called a mobile phone. It is a communication tool Two people can talk anytime, no matter how far apart they are. This is the immortal's technique of transmitting sound over long distances. That's roughly the idea. That's one way of understanding it. Wouldn't that mean people could talk even if they were thousands of miles apart? More than a thousand miles Wanli can Brother, can I take a look? science and technology Yes, it's technology. At home Your little car will be here soon. Really, Danani? We'll be there soon. I'm sorry, bro. You almost fell. It's okay, this thing is durable. Even if it breaks, you can just buy another one. It is a magical artifact Shouldn't it be a priceless treasure? everyday consumer goods The monthly salary of an average office worker A month's wages can buy A magical artifact for transmitting sound over long distances You help keep an eye on things while they play. If the car stops moving, it means the battery is dead. Remember to bring it back to charge. Got it, bro These two little cars must be expensive. There were none; they were just ordinary, worthless items. Si Zi said you like food boxes I brought two more this time. Would you like this simple food box from our Tang Dynasty? To be honest The materials and workmanship of this stone box They are very valuable here. How much is it worth? Is it okay to buy this kind of phone? This stone box could probably buy dozens of others. This is an ordinary stone box. Can buy dozens of these phones almost What's wrong? Just say it directly. That guy Can you buy a few for me? I want to take it back for my parents to use. This thing is useless even if you take it to the lobby. No internet But if you take photos Listen to music I'll take you shopping next time. Thank you so much, brother. if you can Why don't we start some business? Exchange of goods and services Take me back to discuss this with my mother. Brother, what do you like? I'll give you the four pieces. The four children are so well-behaved. If your brother needs anything, he'll tell your older sister. Can we take the car back with us? Of course. It's getting late. You should all go home soon too. Brother, we're leaving now. Goodbye, brother Mother, look at my heart. What kind of strange object is this? This is something that can move on its own. These are the toys that the young man bought for his sisters. No need for oxen and horses How can he do it without someone pushing him? This thing doesn't move; it uses electricity. It is an ordinary object more than 1,000 years later. More than 1,000 years later What do you mean by that? Young Master is not a god Ordinary people of the future Mother, I want to go out and play. Go slowly Four kids, let's go find Auntie, okay? Fun to cut 4. Slow down. What did the two princesses make? Ah, we're here! Watch me beat Qianqian Four sons become Yang What kind of treasure is this? It's a small instrument. It's a car It can run on electricity This is made of glass. Like a gemstone Uncle Teng borrowed It is a lame lamp that can be brewed. Ouch, ouch My eyes How exactly did this thing get moving? It will move as soon as you press the accelerator. Cough cough, Grandpa didn't see clearly. Demonstrate it again Grandpa, look carefully. No need for someone to push It can walk on its own Why isn't the electric fan turning on, Si Zi? The electric fan is out of power. It needs to be charged to operate. Everyone, please go back. I will send the princess back. We, your humble servants, take our leave. Fourth son Chen Yang returns to the princess's courtyard You said that young man really isn't a god? He is an ordinary person from a future world more than 1,300 years in the future. Incredible If this were told to others, probably no one would believe it. This matter must never be revealed to outsiders. Not even half a sentence Do you understand, Four Sons? You can't tell anyone about your brother. You just can't mention that you were looking for your brother. What do you need to remember? Mother, I won't teach him anymore. Grandma, I remember. Sizi, how did you get to that world? Fourth son's father is not an outsider. It was because of the jade ornaments around the four sons' necks Can you and Cheng Yang pass by with the jade token? I haven't tried it. I have to try it. This is of great importance. No, there's no response at all. It seems that only four sons of Father can go there. That makes things much easier. The four sons must protect Yu Sheng. What will that future world be like? Completely different from the Tang Dynasty These toys are all very ordinary. There are bigger cars there It can seat many people Runs faster than a horse There's also something called a cell phone. Able to transmit sound over thousands of miles They can talk even though they are thousands of miles apart. Father, why don't you let your fourth son take you to see him? Which of my princes will succeed me more than a thousand years later? How could I forget to ask? No problem, I'll ask next time I go. So what if it's chestnuts? But what happened? Speak your mind awkward and hesitant Grandpa and Grandma More than a thousand years later, it was no longer the Tang Dynasty. What did you just say? The Tang Dynasty is gone. Your Majesty, the rise and fall of dynasties throughout history has always been a natural law. Father, the Tang Dynasty was short-lived. However, there is a large surname. Oh, what is it? Tell me quickly Father, do you know how future generations will evaluate you? How will later generations judge the shadow of Xuanwu Gate? Ultimately, we must rely on historical judgments. Emperor of all ages Girl, is what you said true? Later generations said you were a model of a wise ruler. Ranked alongside Qin Shi Huang and Emperor Wu of Han Daddy is amazing! Why would that future young master care about Shihe? He said that timber from Shihe will be particularly valuable in the future. That brother really likes it. Then let the four sons send over more. He didn't want to get it for nothing. Want to do business with us Doing business with this is feasible. He said our timber Jade and medicinal materials will be very valuable in the future. One stone box can be exchanged for one or two hundred of these carts. This little car was truly priceless and unavailable in the Tang Dynasty. An ordinary stone box is actually so valuable The young master said it himself. Absolutely right Go there tomorrow. Ask how to do business Okay, Mother I'll go tomorrow. Then I'll head back now. Ah Ye, I'll take you there. Aye couldn't fit into the four boys' little car. I can provide light for Aye. Why did it stop spinning? It must be out of power. What is it? The young man said Similar to lightning in the sky Aniangre Mother, I'm hot too. I can't sleep, I want to go find a cricket. The young man has a gentle temperament. It's okay, alright? You were not allowed to act recklessly in the past. I remember now. Four sons ride the sun Why did you come in the middle of the night? My brother's electric fan is out of power. Hmm, it's so hot inside. We can't sleep It's okay, I'll sleep at my brother's tonight. Brother smells so good! I can smell a wonderful fragrance too. Your two little noses are so sharp! Is this tasty? This thing... It's just so-so. Brother, my phone is ringing again. Mmm, I'm hungry too. These two little guys aren't hungry at all. He's clearly craving instant noodles. Are you two really hungry or just craving this? I'm starving to death I want to eat Gaige Brother, I want to eat this instant noodles too. I'll make you both a bowl too. Brother, why doesn't my pillow smell good? No seasoning added yet. Little glutton, don't rush! Brother, let me see, let me see, achoo! Ouch, you choked! Be careful, it's hot! Eat slowly, no rush Wow, it smells so good! This one is fine. No need for brother to feed me Brother, this is so delicious! Eat slowly, be careful it's hot. Hey sister Do you think it's fun? Hehe, this is so much fun! Go to sleep now, play again after you wake up. Go to sleep, your brother is here with you. Little ones, please don't kick off the blankets! I got sick last time I caught a cold. What do you want to eat for breakfast? My brother went to prepare I want to eat instant noodles Yeah, I want to eat too. No, you can't eat instant noodles every day. Why? Instant noodles are so delicious Eating too much is bad for your health Did you know? How about your brother takes you out to buy breakfast? Brother, I need to go back and take my sister with me. Mother said that my older sister had something to tell my older brother. Okay, then you should go back quickly and bring your older sister over so we can go together. Why haven't Si Zi and Cheng Yang returned yet? The child is sleepy I slept well last night Let's wait a little longer. That young man comes from the future. He listens to everything in the business. Mother said It was my daughter who wrote it down. Sister left Let's go eat something delicious. My brother is going to take us out to buy some delicious breakfast. Good morning Good morning, bro. Don't be shy with me Whatever Let's go, cricket, okay, okay, okay. Let's go buy breakfast The cricket asked me to press it. Is that enough? Which one should I press for the cricket? We need to go down and press the one with the arrow below. How about letting Cheng Yang press number one this time? Which one is the older brother? You see? The one with the number 1 written on it Brother, this is one This is one Isn't one written horizontally? This is called Arabic numerals. I'll teach you slowly later. What they did That's an electric car. A means of transportation It has only two wheels. Why doesn't it fall over? Riding this requires some skill. Very eager to learn Guoguo, hurry up! I'm starving. Don't worry, we're here soon. Guoguo hugs I can't see Liz, take two trays. Brother, let's see what you want to eat and we'll buy it. Brother, I want that. Wow, so cute, I want one too! Two of each type of rabbit bag Okay, this looks good. This is called shumai. Take a few to try. If it's your first time here, you should definitely try the xiaolongbao. So that the little ones won't get hungry I need to help carry it too. The four of them should eat a small steamed bun first, but be careful not to burn yourself. Xiao Long Bao The steamed buns smelled really good After he said that, it suddenly didn't taste so good anymore. Try it while it's hot! It won't taste good when it's cold. Auntie, this is delicious. It smells so good, mmm! Does it suit your taste? It tastes like pork to me. Uh, it should be Actually, pork is quite delicious too. Then try this bun. Brother, look how pretty she is! How did you do this, brother? Do you want to learn? I'll teach you when I have time later, hmm. I want to learn from my older brother, you're the best! May I ask you a question? What do you do for a living? A chef The meals that the four boys brought back before were all cooked by you. Yes, I did it all. Is the taste alright? My brother's cooking is the best! Mmm It's really super delicious Then your brother will cook something delicious for you at noon. Brother, why don't you open a tavern? Previously opened The day I met Si Zi, the company had just gone bankrupt. Excuse me I was being presumptuous. Hey, what's wrong with that? It's no big deal Hehehe um I gave the persimmon for you Guoguo, open your mouth! Persimmon flavor is just delicious. Where is Sister Persimmon? Sister, have some lychees. How's the deal we talked about yesterday going? What kind of business is buying and selling crickets? Brother, Grandpa, and Mother Agree to Cooperate I'll do whatever my brother says. Choose low-cost, high-profit products Guaranteed profit Fan light is useful Unfortunately, there's no way to charge your phone in the lobby. I almost forgot I had something better. I want one too. It can be so bright without lanterns! This is called a flashlight. Going out is a hundred times more convenient than using a lantern. The charging Tang Dynasty phone still doesn't work. This is a rechargeable model. There are also those that don't need charging. It can light up without electricity Just install the battery. Brightness only increases, never decreases Selling flashlights requires including batteries. This business can last a lifetime. Let's go get the supplies after we finish eating. Hmm, brother The nuts had no taste Of course it tastes bad if you don't get to taste the filling. Brother Durian I want to eat durian. Brother, I want to eat too! No problem, pick the two best ones. The taste is so strange It's so popular! Auntie changed the noodles I want to change the noodles. This won't work. Eating too much is bad for your health. What's this It looks very popular instant noodles Super fragrant Take some How do you brush your teeth in the Tang Dynasty? Dip your fingers in salt or chew willow tips This is too much for your teeth! Taking a few sets back home will be a hundred times better than that. I I'm not very good at using this. It's okay, I'll teach you later. It's similar to yours, how do I use it? Just put this in. This is a consumable. How much is this? Is it expensive? 12.9 yuan is equivalent to about two copper coins in the Tang Dynasty. Two coins is so cheap The cost of industrial mass production is inherently low. This thing would sell for at least 10 strings of cash in the Tang Dynasty. Items that cost a dozen yuan were sold for over 20,000 yuan. This set cost less than 10 coins to take home. This set of glass Tang Dynasty paintings is priceless. Take it back to your aunt and mother first. Okay, I'll follow your arrangements. Oh dear, the baby is here again. Hello, beautiful sister Toothbrush and toothpaste We need to buy toothbrushes and toothpaste. Okay, I'll choose the softest one for you, alright? Okay, thank you, sister. Which flavor do the babies like? I want beef noodle flavor Haha, what are you laughing at, sister? No, I wasn't laughing. We are professionally trained. No matter how funny it is, I won't laugh. Where can I find durian-flavored toothpaste for my baby? Who makes durian-flavored toothpaste? This little girl has an amazing mind! Then I want the strawberry flavor. Sister, I want peach flavor. Your little sister is so cute! I'll ask the lawyer after get off work. How to fight for custody Let me know after you've asked. Brother Hmm I'll help you wash the vegetables. You don't need to rest in the living room. I'm quite capable of washing vegetables. Then you should wash these vegetables first. Where can I wash up, bro? Broken and forgotten He had never even seen a kitchen sink. Wash here Hot water here Here's cold water Brother, is that a well down there? The 7th floor is below. Not a well Where does my brother cook? I didn't see a stove. At once It caught fire just like that. Do you know what plums are? This is fine salt. Our everyday cooking Your salt is so white and fine. Like powder Only salty Not bitter or astringent And umami This is how the coarse salt from the Tang Dynasty was purified. Absolutely a huge improvement This salt presents an incredible business opportunity. Guoguo, what are you eating? My sister said it was delicious. Oh no, the little foodie's personal radar has been activated! That's salt. I want to try some too! So salty, so salty, hahaha Are these two also salt? How come she's so fair-skinned? This is white. This sugar is MSG. Sugar can be this white The sucrose in large sugar cans is yellowish-brown. So sweet, there's not a single impurity, brother. I want some too! This little girl's ears are sharper than a rabbit's. What good stuff? I want to try it too. Can't eat What does it taste like? The chicken wings in the pan are burnt! The chef has completely lost face. What is this long-grained thing? This is called MSG. It can enhance the flavor of the dish Wow, this tastes so fresh! Auntie, I want to eat this too! It tastes so much better than what the market makes. Auntie, I want to eat the machine. What else would the four of you like to eat? This and this. Changyang, eat more too. how Sister didn't Your older sister has the same thing. My brother's cooking smells delicious Brother, we should go back. Mother is still waiting for news. Everything is prepared for you. How do I use this, bro? Squeeze toothpaste onto the toothbrush and brush. Don't swallow the saliva, just rinse your mouth after brushing. We should go back. I don't want to go back. How about we go back first? Come over when it gets hot at night. Remember to bring your toys that are out of power to charge. Grandma, we're back! You came home so early today. What's inside, Mother? Look at this amazing thing! It's electrified again. Datang has nowhere to charge This doesn't need charging. The cricket said it's too effeminate to not charge. No need to charge It can stay lit. Install this flashlight and it will light up. Just replace it when it runs out of power. What interesting things are you talking about? Flashlight What So dazzling Does Dad think it's particularly bright? Why are you being so naughty, kid? Tell your father what kind of treasure this is. The cricket said it was a flashlight. For lighting It can be used by changing the battery. It's really a good thing. The first sale was this. This thing is both practical and rare. Noble families would definitely be willing to buy This thing probably doesn't cost much. How much profit can there be? Father and Mother, don't worry about the cost yet. What price do you think would be appropriate? I think 5 strings of cash shouldn't be a problem. If it's cheap, it should sell for at least 10 strings of cash. Besides, the young master also needs to share the profits. Batteries are consumables Can make money later? My brother said it wasn't as expensive as durian. What is the actual cost price of this flashlight? The young man said that it would only cost two coins if converted to Kaiyuan Tongbao coins. Two coins Have you asked clearly? It's definitely two coins. Grandma and Auntie said two coins Such a good thing It only costs two coins to make, but it sells for 10 strings of cash. Cost has nothing to do with the value of the Tang Dynasty How should we split the profits with the young master? At least a 30/70 split Our three young men, seven Yes, even if he doesn't agree, we'll accept it. Guoguo is a very nice person. I'll definitely agree. How can there be such clear and bright glass? This wine flask is so beautiful. So exquisite It's simply the finest glasswork. Can this thing be sold? What smells so bad? What's inside? This is called durian. It's delicious. My brother bought it for us specially. These are all thorns. How to eat without hurting your throat No, you eat the pulp inside. Eat meat with thorns You need to eat the fruit inside the shell. This smell is awful! How could you put it in your mouth? This doesn't smell. It tastes very fragrant and sweet. Auntie, can you open this for me? Do I need to cut this with a knife? You can pry it open by applying a little force here. Auntie, give it a try Mother's fruit was very sweet. Try it Four good sons, your mother really doesn't want to eat. Grandpa, have a taste. You'll like it once you try it. No, no, no, Grandpa won't eat. Let's eat it together, okay? Let the four of them eat over there. Where were we? Aye asked if these glasswares could be sold. Yes, yes, yes How many of these top-tier, crystal-clear young men are there? For the young master, they were just ordinary daily necessities. This set costs less than 10 coins. Ten coins Yes, less than 10 coins. Ten coins don't seem like much, not even worth ten taels of gold. Ten taels of gold is not a loss at all We need to get the shop up and running as soon as possible. Ask the young man to help with purchasing goods Let's have instant noodles tonight! What is that? This is instant noodles. It can be eaten after soaking in boiling water. Oh, that's perfect. Let's all try some. Go and fetch a few kettles of boiling water, as you command. happy day What's wrong? I can't open it. I don't know where to start. We're back. Durian finished After we finish eating, we're going to make instant noodles. Take a look and see how to open this instant noodle box. From here. It tore open with a little force. Pinch that edge It can be torn open with a strong tear. What are these small bags for? It's seasoning. That's called seasoning. Yeah, it's all about seasoning. So how do you use this seasoning? Open the seasonings and put them in. Just add boiling water. This is for eating noodles. We also need to take it out. How long should the 4 seeds be soaked? Just wait a little longer. It's done so quickly. Are the persimmons sure they will ripen? It's definitely ripe. I can smell the aroma! My brother is also You need to stir it after soaking for so long to ensure the flavor is even. You eat the persimmon first. Okay, thank you, Auntie. Chen Yang, be careful, it's hot, eat quickly! Mmm, it smells so good! This tastes really good. It still has a seafood flavor. Wait a minute, why does it taste like beef? Mine is also beef flavored. The result was beef flavor. My mother's is seafood flavored. I hadn't noticed unless someone mentioned it. Why are there no shrimp in the bowl? Did you forget to put it in? I don't have any beef in mine. It doesn't matter, the taste is really good anyway. It really tastes good. It can be made by soaking. This stuff will definitely save a lot of time if used as military rations. The quantity is too small. Finished in two bites Father, there is still here. You can't eat anymore Left to the four sons and Cheng Yang I'm going to find Brother Guo. Are the four still going to find the young master? Hmm? My brother has the Empress's... Mother, I want to go too. Can I go? Go, young man, you're a very nice person. Brother, we're here again! I knew you guys would come. I've been waiting for this for a long time. My brother's car is out of power and needs to be charged. The good older brother charged them up first. Have you two eaten yet? I've had the flower noodles, they were so delicious! Why are you eating instant noodles again? My grandparents and older sister have never eaten it. We ate together. Are you staying at your brother's place again tonight? Yes, I've already told my mother. How about I help you wash up first? Four, this is your strawberry flavor. Changyang, this is your peach flavor. Haha The four seeds cannot be eaten. Don't eat Changyang either. Sizi, how much did you eat? Did you swallow? No, it's sweet and delicious. You shouldn't swallow this toothpaste, you know? Swallowing it will upset your tummy. Toothpaste is for brushing teeth. It can drive away the little bugs in your teeth. Okay, I remember. Now, your older brother will teach you how to brush your teeth. First, squeeze a little toothpaste onto the toothbrush. Just like my brother Is that how my brother is? That's awesome! Is it okay for a cricket to do this? Very good, just a little bit more will do, thank you. Stop laughing. Watch how my brother spends his money. Brush your teeth quickly Learn from my older brother Hahahaha Si Zi, your expression is hilarious! The four kids are great! Brother will help you refresh the page a couple more times. Changyang opened his little mouth Brother will check it for you. Changyang is also awesome You can't swallow mouthwash now. You have to spit it all out. Watch closely and do it like your brother. Haha, drink less next time! The four of us woke up. Changyang also woke up. Come on, brother will take you to wash your faces and brush your teeth. Haha, let's eat! Are the four of you full? Hmm. Brother, I'm full too. After you've eaten, go back to the lobby. By the way, I'll ask my older sister if she wants to come along. Don't forget to bring your toy car! The two little ones ran faster than rabbits. Brother, we're back! Don't drink Lei Bi while standing. I'll go get it for you. Yeah, I want to drink too. There's none for you. I'll get it for you later. Wahaha, try this fruit! This is called a child. Hehe, so sweet Wahaha It's so delicious! Hehe, it's so delicious! Hi, what's the big deal? Did they two not have a fight last night? Mother was afraid of causing you trouble. The two little ones are very well-behaved. It's not troublesome at all. Brother's flashlight incident Grandpa and Mom agreed. That's good, let's go buy some goods and try it out today. Brother, you didn't even ask how much it cost? Oh right How much does it cost? Grandpa has decided. Flashlight sold for 10 strings of cash Battery consistent Cost of ten or so yuan Selling it for 100,000 is such a good deal! What's wrong, bro? Sold too cheaply This price is perfectly acceptable. Grandpa said We'll split the profits 30/70. Brother, will you agree? If brother disagrees We can discuss this further. It works perfectly fine. Thirty percent is a lot for me. If it weren't for the four children I can't earn that much money either. No, it's a taxi driver. You misheard. I have no objection to 20%. Brother is 70% yours Our 30% Li Er is too generous. No, I want 30%! Seventy percent of you That won't do. We couldn't get this without you. How about we split it 50/50? Let me take 70% I felt guilty. Sister is Guo Guo, right? All four sons have spoken. That's settled. Okay, then let's split it 50/50. There should be no delay Let's go to the wholesale market to buy goods now. Listen to your brother What about Si Zi and Chang Yang? Oh dear, I can't eat this, bro. This is delicious, bro. He laughed and said his brother would get angry if he ate like that again. We will never eat it again. Who could bear to be angry with such a cute face? Remember not to eat random things in the future. If you don't behave, I won't let you come and play anymore. Do you have any battery-operated flashlights? Hey, the guy's here again! There are many styles available. How much is this? Retail price: 25 each I bought them for 22 each. I want 1,000 Can I take the 15 yuan? 18 is the lowest The transaction also reduces the battery. A box of 50 pills costs 70 yuan. Order 200 boxes first. When do you need the goods? Delivered to my home in the afternoon The cost is surprisingly low Si Zichangyang, let's go to the mall to play, Grandma. Guoguo, what is a slide? What is a slide for older brothers? Guaranteed to be super fun Take a look at the pictures and see if there's anything you'd like to drink. Brother, I don't understand. You can choose for me. Three cups of room temperature, low-sugar, tea-free mango pomelo sago A cup of lemon tea Okay, please wait a moment. Brother, what is milk tea? You'll find out in a moment. You can drink it once the straw is opened and inserted. We spent a long time figuring out how to use the milk from a few days ago. It's my fault for not explaining the usage to Si Zi back then. Sip slowly, be careful not to choke on the small ingredient inside. Wow, that's powerful! Delicious, sweet, and milky. What is this soft and bouncy texture? Even if it tastes good, you shouldn't drink it too often. I can only drink it occasionally to satisfy my craving. Grasshopper, may I play your cricket tune? Try a bite Ugh, it doesn't taste good. Sour and astringent Bro, is your drink cheaper? He must have bought the expensive ones for us while drinking the cheaper ones himself. It's cheaper But I just love drinking this. Your fourth brother gave you some to drink. The elder brother gave to the four sons Chengyang is so good I drink lemon tea without my brother. What's in the pot? This is the children's playground. This pot is so soft when you step on it! Yes, I fell here. It won't hurt. How do I play this, brother? Come on, brother will take you to try it. Play however you want Did you understand how to jump? Brother, this is so funny! Do you want to play again? Okay, then I want more. Hahaha, let's go! Let's go play on the slide! Come into the ball pit! Haha, play slowly. Don't choke. Climb up quickly Brother will teach you how to use the slide. Just slide down from here. Don't be afraid, your brother is down there to catch you. Brother, I'm a little scared. Even I, as a brother, am too afraid to slide down. No need to be so aggressive. So exciting! So much fun! Li Zi, you should come up and try it too! Brother, please help me! Hold the pole firmly with your little hands Don't fall off! Okay, I'll hold on tight. My brother is so much fun! I'll be at your house soon. Are you home? Okay, I'll be right back. We're going home, the goods have arrived. Yeah, let's go home, let's go home. All the goods are ready. Let's take the goods back to the lobby first. Okay, bro. I'll tell Si Zi right away. Four sons, it's time for us to return to the Tang Dynasty. I don't want to, I want to play here. The four children delivered the goods first. Can you come back after I drop you off? I can't get rid of the cricket. Borrowing so many thoughts Can I bring things? Why not let the four sons try? You stare at the box Thinking about taking it back It actually happened! Oh ho, you haven't gotten on the bus yet? That heartless little brat The four boys will be back soon. What are these four things? Phuket My aunt and older sister asked me to bring this back. Where are your older sister and second older sister? I forgot to bring it back. Then hurry back and bring them back, okay? Your elder sister and mother are calling you back. And you've already forgotten me? Hehe, I didn't mean to. Zizi, you've forgotten about me too? Sister Ai doesn't need to go back. I'll come back. Brother, I'm going back first. Let me go back. Able to take good care of Cheng Yang Mother, I'm going back. This child is so happy he doesn't want to leave. That place is really fun. Mother can also go and see. I'll discuss it with your grandfather another day. Here are 1,000 flashlights. 10,000 batteries So many people went to inform His Majesty. Yes, Your Majesty These are the flashlight and batteries. Open it quickly and let me see it. Hmm, this is different from yesterday's. Better material and workmanship Is it much more expensive? This one only costs 3 coins. Yes, I will have the weaving made and sold immediately. Your Majesty made so much money in one day Yes, I didn't expect that either. This is half of the young master's. We need to send it to him as soon as possible. Yes, yes, we absolutely must not mistreat them. Lychee said the young master couldn't use the money here. Prepare some gold and jade materials I understand I'll arrange it now. Grasshopper, look how clean I've brushed it! Cleanliness is amazing! The four of us are awesome! What about mine? Is mine clean? Changyang was also scrubbed super clean. Rinse your mouth quickly After washing my face, I went back to comb my hair. Brother will cook for you Ah, is Si Zi alright? Let my brother see quickly. The four children are fine. Her little face was all teary-eyed. 4. Go back and change into some clean clothes first. Grandma, Guoguo, I'm here again! You're back so quickly! I want to eat rice cooked in a pot, it smells so good! Okay, okay, eat more, Sizi. How were the flashlight sales yesterday? Is it easy to sell? They're all sold out. They were all sold out before dark. They sold out so quickly in just one day! Including batteries, a total of approximately 20,000 cans were sold. 20,000 cans Yes, bro, you see. 20 million words This was an astronomical figure during the Zhenguan era! If brother is not enough I'll get it for you when I get back. That's enough, there's quite a lot already. Breakfast is almost ready, let's eat first. Yay, time to eat! Cheng Yang, come wash your hands and eat! Okay, brother, open your mouth. You should eat too. They must be hungry. My brother's cooking is so delicious! Mmm, it's so delicious! What kind of vegetable is this? broccoli Yesterday, 1,000 of them weren't enough to sell. Can we order another batch? I'll call the boss right now. The boss wants another 1,000 flashlights from yesterday. 200 boxes of batteries Okay, okay, but it won't be delivered until tomorrow. Is 1,000 too few? I have a strategy called scarcity marketing. What is scarcity marketing? The rooster is hungry and will eat them. Rabbit, don't talk nonsense. Haha, you're hilarious! Hunger marketing Scarcity makes things valuable That's brilliant, bro! My brother is going to take care of some important business in a bit. I can't take you guys I want to be with the cricket. I'll bring you lots of delicious food when I get back tonight. Hmm, four sons Waiting for my brother to come back, mmm Brother, we'll head back now. Please be careful. Xiao Jiang, let the old man take a look. New How can such a precious thing as a stone box be placed casually? This is far superior to machine carving. You want to sell these two stone boxes? I'll buy them both. I don't know anything about this industry. I'm asking for a price. Sir, you can give me whatever you think is appropriate. Other matters I'd like to trouble you, sir, to help me inquire about jade supply channels. For good materials, go to a large auction house. Be safe and avoid being scammed Thank you so much! The old man helped me a lot. How much are the things given by the emperor actually worth? Would Liz's jade and gold be of any use? Useful The young man said the next batch of goods won't arrive until tomorrow. That's good, that's good. Liz, go tell your Ah Die. Lest General Cheng arrive empty-handed Sister, hurry up! Zizi, don't drive so fast. Wait for me! Let's wait for Sister. My sister is too slow. Nana can't drive, yay! Four sons, Chengyang, what brings you here? My sister and I drove here, hahaha. You guys are really amazing. Even Grandpa was envious. Grandpa and Young Master said the next batch of goods won't arrive until tomorrow. It doesn't matter Purchasing goods also requires effort. Could you please let the young master order more goods? The young man said this is called scarcity marketing. That makes sense; this young man is truly a business genius. Cheng Yang, the fourth son, is gone. Don't disturb Father What are you four doing? Play games My brother taught us the game of Connect Four. Aye Connecting identical items will eliminate them. Then Aye will give it a try. is that so Wow, oh my god, that's amazing! Aye is so smart I learned it in no time This is nothing. What is this yellow thing? Bananas This red one... Dragon Fruit Father is Dragon Fruit What about this one? Pineapple It's a pineapple These are all fruits Fruit of the Future World Even the Tang Dynasty didn't have it. Grandpa is amazing! Dad is great! Hahaha, keep playing the next game for me! Father, you narrowly lost. Hmm, Daddy lost. I wasn't paying attention just now. We will never lose I, the mighty Heavenly Khan, can be defeated by a mere game? Father failed again. Dad, this game is a waste of time, don't play it anymore. Okay, I'm not playing anymore. I remembered I had other important matters to attend to. Boss, do you buy these gold ingots? I must verify the authenticity before accepting it. This is pure gold. Today's buyback price is 781 grams. Not pure gold Give me a fair price. Non-pure gold is at most 730. No more can be added. Okay, this price is fine. A total of 549,045 This is the first time I've given my mom money. Where did you get so much money if you don't have a job? The first money I made doing business with a friend Don't get scammed. Please know. Mom, you go ahead and do your thing. I've lost four sons, which is really my lucky star! I never dared to dream of having so much money when I was a beast of burden. Brother, you're back! Hehe I miss my brother. I want to wash everything. Brother, we miss you. Guess what delicious food your brother bought for you? Nishiniku There are meaty ones, but there are even better ones! My brother is so handsome! Isn't it handsome, brother? Is this edible? Delicious and fragrant Sweet Brother Eat Jerry Because he's handsome. The cricket eats first. This little guy is so sensible! Can I take the cricket back for my mother to eat? Of course you can! I'll take the cricket back right now. You guys need to come back for dinner later. What is this four-son thing? This is a cake. The cricket bought it. My brother asked us to bring some back for our mother to try. This pastry is so exquisitely made! Dad, this is a cake. I'd like to try this rare treat! Mother, please try it! Very fragrant The sweetness was just right. This flavor is absolutely amazing, truly unexpected! The fourth son, Changyang, is really good. Even with food, I still think of my parents. Father and Mother long to see their young master. Of course I wanted to. The young man once said he wanted to come and see the Tang Dynasty. What are we waiting for? Just ask him to come over. We should thank them properly. I'm going back to find the cricket. You two slow down. My brother went out to answer a phone call. Mr. Jiang We'll arrange your jade today. No problem, you can arrange it. Single for over 20 years Why did you mention your two adorable daughters first? Cheng Yang, it's your turn. Let's go get breakfast! Nana loves her brother's cooking the most. Here, cricket. Come, open your mouth, persimmon This cricket smells so good! Eat more if it tastes good Then you can grow tall and strong quickly. Lai Chengyang This is for you. Mr. Jiang was very happy. Just let me know if you need more goods in the future. Continue stocking up I still have a lot of goods to ship later. Fourth son Chengyang Please take these goods back with you. Grasshopper, I understand. Go and report to the Emperor immediately. I'm back as ordered. After eating Mother Lychee, you should also ask the young man if he can keep the appointment. Brother, my parents would like to invite you to visit the Tang Dynasty. It's great that the Emperor and Empress Zhangsun invited me to the Tang Dynasty. But what if my parents don't come back? It's okay if you don't want to. It's not that I'm unwilling I'm just afraid I won't be able to come back. Let me think about it. Auntie, I want to drink that milk tea! Hey, you shouldn't drink milk tea too often. How about I buy you ice cream, brother? What is ice cream? I want to eat This is delicious. Mr. Jiang, the jade you entrusted to us for auction The transaction price was quoted at 14.2 million. More than 10 million I could never earn that much in my entire life by working. Okay, let me know the rest anytime. My brother is gone. If brother is busy I'll take my sisters back first. No need to sell jade anymore The money will arrive in my account tomorrow. Should we order glasses in advance? No need to order online Where is the internet? Is it far or not? I forgot this girl came from the Tang Dynasty. Choose those that conform to the aesthetics of the Tang Dynasty. Wow, I want to see this too! Stop fooling around, I'm busy with important things. I just wanted to take a look. If you don't understand, don't cause trouble. After you're done with your work, I'll play with you. Hmm, na na hey These are all gorgeous! Then let's have a little of everything. Either is fine, but is it expensive? Not much more expensive than a flashlight Good brother, just do what you think is best. We need 200 sets first. Flashlights sold out again today. They were all sold out in less than a morning. So fast Word of mouth spread Long queues formed as soon as the market opened. 15 cans was already outrageous. We sold 20 cans today. 20 cans of rice cost only 5 wen This is outrageous! Father, Mother, and Liuli placed an order for the young master. Okay, have you invited him to the lobby? I've asked. He said he needed to be mentally prepared. What kind of mental preparation? He was afraid that once he came, he wouldn't be able to leave. Haha, we can never go back. I will ensure he has no worries about food and clothing. Haha, they're afraid they won't be able to get home. Why is nobody here? Did you go back? Brother, you flew here! How did we end up back in the Tang Dynasty? I want to drink water. We'll go back when the water runs out. I don't know how to use this. After trying for a long time, nothing happened. It's my fault for not teaching you. Just press this switch. I'll go out and buy you a phone later. Have lunch again Is it true that I'm buying a mobile phone? That treasure that can transmit sound over thousands of miles Of course there's something going on. You called me, thank you. Let's go out to eat! Guoguo, I want to eat ice cream. No, it's too cold. It will cause stomach pain. Milk tea is fine too. Milk tea is also not allowed. We'll eat something delicious later. Hmm, hehe Buy a cell phone for my older sister first. After shopping, we'll go eat. Hmm, na na Guoguo There are many small boards here. The four little ones are mobile phones, not tablets. Do you like mobile phones? Which one do you want? Let's take a look ourselves first. I'll call you if I need anything. Liz, take a look and see which one you like. You help me choose. Buy whichever one you think looks better. Don't worry about anything else My aunt's four children also wanted to play on this little board. This is a mobile phone. I'll take this one, bro. Please get this white, top-of-the-line model. Okay, this one is 4,999. Please pay here. You have to teach me how to use it. No rush, let's go eat first. Time to eat! There's delicious food again! Is it comfortable to sit in? There are pictures above. Order whichever you want to eat Tell your brother which one you want to eat. Eat this A serving of braised beef brisket with tomatoes Okay, there's nothing I want to eat anymore. Cheng Yang Liz, is there anything you'd like to eat? There are so many kinds of seafood that I've never tried before. Brother, would you like some? Okay, when is dinner served? I'm so hungry Four sons, don't rush. The food will be here soon. How exactly do I use this thing, bro? Now we can talk to each other across distances. This palm-sized thing can carry sound for miles. Brother, so your name is Jiang Yan. It was my fault I forgot to introduce myself Brother can still see people We can talk face to face even when we are thousands of miles apart. Hehe, so fun! This is amazing! It's a pity that such a powerful device can't be used in the lobby. I forgot about the fact that there was no internet or signal in the lobby. You can take photos, watch movies, and listen to music even when you have nothing to do. My parents said you're welcome to come to the main hall anytime. Even if they can't come back Father will never let you go hungry. Thank you, Father and Mother. I'll think about it carefully. The lamb chops were just grilled Children, be careful not to burn your mouths! Grasshopper, I want to eat this. Let it cool down before eating. When will the cricket be able to collect all the crickets? It cooled down quickly. Four sons, don't be impatient. Grasshopper, can you give me some candy first? Hmm, it smells pretty good. The four of you should enjoy the cool air and eat! It's so delicious and fragrant! You should try it, the texture is very unique. Brother, what is this? This is conch slices. The seafood was very fresh. Crispy and tender This is umami, isn't it? Guoguo, I don't want this, okay, okay. Let's eat the original flavor. This fruit is delicious too. Then eat as much as you want. Have you learned it? Quite skilled How do I take a picture of this? Just click this. It can also record videos Brother, I'm going back to the lobby first. Come again tomorrow Xingrang and his four sons will escort you back. Mr. Jiang's auction proceeds have been transferred to you. Received it, thank you for your hard work. The money is enough for my parents to retire. I'll go see the Four Sons of the Tang Dynasty tomorrow. Go tell your mother Brother is going to the Tang Dynasty tomorrow. Real brother You didn't lie. My brother has made up his mind. That's great! I'll go see him tomorrow. I'll take you there now. I need to get ready. The young man said he would consider coming to the Tang Dynasty. Why are the four of them back again? Ah Niang Guoguo said he was coming. When will the fourth brother come? My brother said he'll come tomorrow. Good Four Sons went back and told him I await his first meeting with the Emperor. You can't go empty-handed. I'll come to your home and have this photo printed out as a gift. They've definitely never seen it before. Brother, you're back. Gifts prepared for your aunt and grandma Wait a few more minutes Let's head to the lobby right away. Okay, you can go now. Your Majesty's past meetings with foreign envoys There's no need to be so particular. The young man comes from the future. Naturally, one should be more cautious. What do you think of my outfit? Your Majesty is dressed very appropriately. The young man from the future What kind of person is he? This is the Zhenguan Imperial Palace. My parents took it and it was a cricket, haha. Welcome, young man! Your Majesty, my name is Jiang Yan. Hello, young master Your Majesty the Empress Young master, you needn't be so polite. Nice to meet you I have prepared a small gift I hope you won't abandon me. call Isn't this a portrait of the Emperor and the Empress? Wow, I took this picture. It was shot by four people. I made a copy. I want to sit with the cricket. I'm sitting here too. Don't be naughty The three of us can sit together. I wonder if these dishes will suit the young master's taste. It looks delicious Does the young master drink alcohol? Thank you, Your Majesty. Afraid of making mistakes due to drinking There's no such thing as meeting someone without drinking. Pour some for the young man I never expected His Majesty to use this tea set as a wine cup. It's wine Every pot smells delicious This dish smells quite good. It's not fragrant, it's fragrant. Your Majesty, I brought a case of fine wine. Please try it! What will wine look like in the future? The bottle containing the wine was actually made of glass. Such meticulousness It must contain the finest nectar. It is indeed good wine in our area. Young master, how should I open this wine? How can this wine be so clear? I'd like to try the cricket too. You must not try this fourth one. This can only be drunk when the four children are older. This liquor has a high alcohol content. You can't drink it like that. What degree? This liquor is just too strong. You have to sip it slowly. Haha, young man, don't worry. This wine is as clear as water. How intense? Down two ounces of this 53-proof liquor in one gulp I'm afraid I'll stumble on the spot. Your Majesty, are you alright? The problem is that the liquor is too strong. If it weren't for Jiang Yan... I even thought it was poison. Your Majesty, please drink slowly. This is the strongest liquor you have there, isn't it? Come, young man I'll toast you again. i like it Don't drink it yet. Eat some vegetables quickly, yes, yes, yes Young master, please taste the dish and see if it suits your taste. Grasshopper, hurry up and eat some meat! Good four sons also eat The result is succulents Brother, this is called mutton soup. Please try it first. The meat was quite tender. The flavor was just too bland. It was pretty good and quite delicious. Gorna treats camel hump Can you get used to the food? The hump is alright. I'll give you this one too. No, no, no, this is enough for me. I don't eat what I don't like. It's alright I heard that your cooking method and seasonings are different. Yes, we have a wider variety of seasonings where I live. The most crucial ingredient is salt. The salt from the Tang Dynasty was so different from what we have here. Go to the Imperial Kitchen and fetch some salt for the palace as ordered. How does this salt taste? Too bitter The food must be terrible. This is tribute salt reserved for the imperial palace. You are the best All the tribute salt for the palace was like this. How bad must the people's food be? What kind of salt does the young man use? Your Majesty, I'll go back and get a package right away. Then I'll have to trouble you, young man. Does the second son think about what it's like there so he can go back? Then I can take my brother Fan there. Need not Brother, try it yourself. If I succeed, I can travel freely through time. You're back so soon. What you hold in your hands is the salt of the future. Young man, are you sure this is salt? Yes, I've eaten them all. This is the salt we use daily in our area. Compared to this salt The ones in the palace are simply not worth mentioning. Your Majesty, please try it! It was purely salty and umami. No bitterness Ah Die, I want to eat too! This is salt, and it's not exactly tasty. Ah Die just said it was delicious. My mother also said, hahaha. How is this salt purified? It involves dissolving, filtering, purifying, and recrystallizing. This process Is it complicated? Is it difficult to raise crickets? It shouldn't be too difficult. It can be made young man Could you help the Tang Dynasty refine this fine salt? I'll try. Do you know what fine salt meant to the Tang Dynasty? Salt is a national treasure The lifeline of the people The majority of the salt industry in the Tang Dynasty was controlled by powerful families. The people suffered. Your Majesty, please rest assured I will do my best. What should I call Your Majesty? Why don't we become sworn brothers? Good heavens, they've become sworn brothers! What, do you think you dislike me? No, no, all four of them call me brother. How could I possibly be your brother? How should we address him, young master? Is the cricket also called "Adi"? I should naturally call you Second Uncle. Good, good nephew Uncle, let me offer you another drink! Your Majesty, please stop drinking. Let me help you inside to rest. My dear nephew, I must take my leave now. Second Uncle, go and rest. Nephew, you have been so rude. My second uncle is so happy today. It's okay, I understand. I'll leave the fine salt to you. Second Aunt, do you have any coarse salt that ordinary people eat? I took it back to test. The Crown Prince can also help the cricket. Mingyue went to fetch the coarse salt used by the people. As you command, listen to what Lychee says. Leisure job and living alone I wonder if the two elders are still healthy and well. Good grief, what are they trying to do? My mother asked your father and mother My parents live in my hometown. Everything is fine Bring Fancheng up. Nephew, are you satisfied with what you see? It's pretty good. More than 40 million in cash You need to buy a detached villa first. Convenient for carrying things back and forth It seems we won't need the fruit. What are we here for? Come buy big houses for Si Zi and Chang Yang! Hello, are you here to view the apartment? I want to see the house Sister Liu has people coming to see the house. Please receive them. I don't have time plz follow me I am an intern First time meeting a client It's okay, this is my first time buying a house too. Please tell me your requirements. Should I get a two-bedroom or a three-bedroom apartment? Looking for a large, detached house. Newly renovated you Are you looking for a villa? Guoguo wants a big house Villas are very expensive. I'm not saying you can't afford it. I take it over to look at it whenever I have nothing to do. Which of the four Changyang brands looks good? Which one should we buy? This is the kind of good-looking that Si Zi mentioned. Good heavens, how did he know I had 40 million in my account? Ms. Liu's client just now wanted to buy a villa for 38.88 million. Are you sure he can afford it? He drives a car worth tens of thousands of yuan. What if someone took their nice car in for maintenance? Okay, okay, if he can buy it All commission is yours Thank you so much, Aunt Liu Jie! The result is the same as the photo. This house is so beautiful. Do the four sons like this place? I love it, it's so beautiful! As long as you like it, that's fine. Brother, you're so good to your two younger sisters! This was bought for them. Of course, listen to them. Little sister, shall we go up and take a look? Okay, there's an elevator here. No need to hug Good heavens, this is incredibly embarrassing! Hmm, pot pot This room is so beautiful. I like it So beautiful I like it too. Don't mention them I think they're all beautiful. The room next to the little girl's is prettier! How does Sizichangyang feel? This is the pot I want. Okay, this is the set. Go back now to sign the contract. I'm not going to think about it anymore. This is a house worth tens of millions! No need to consider As long as my two younger sisters are happy. This is the first time I've seen someone buy a villa like it's cabbage. Big Boss Young man, are you sure you want that villa? I'm not sure you won't even give me your bottom line. How can I be sure? The price is negotiable. The starting price for this house is 38 million. I'll round it down for you. I'll give you one more chance. Give me your bottom price 37.5 million is the developer's bottom line. Okay, we can sign the contract now. Xiaolin went to pick up the subscription agreement and the purchase contract. Oh my god The big shot actually bought a villa from me. The commission could be 220,000. Young Master Sizi Chengyang, you're back! Second Aunt, I need some wood ash and charcoal. You mean you want wood ash and charcoal? One bowl's worth is enough. You need to purify fine salt For those in the experimental stage Can I go take a look? I want to learn from them. It's perfect that you can help me with the notes. Purified fine salt What do you need these things for? Ah Niang Ge's family doesn't use firewood for cooking. These things are not available Chestnut, you should try it. Stir until the salt is completely dissolved. So salt takes this long to dissolve! I can barely lift my arms. Be careful not to splash the black liquid onto your clothes, as it will be difficult to wash off. Grandma won't. The salt has completely dissolved. You watch from the side This cannot remove the bitterness from the salt. Brother, what is this white thing? It's the thing that makes salt taste bitter. Brother, you're amazing! Honey, my tummy is rumbling! Baby is hungry We ordered takeout I want to eat that meat rice from last time! Come and see. Order whatever you want to eat. Bro, can I buy food with my phone too? Of course, I'll link my card back later. You can then make the payment. Brother, this meat is so tender and flavorful! The four of them ate half of my pork trotter rice on their first visit. Anyone would be shocked if this happened to them. And that's it! It's different now. It's definitely different now. Why hasn't Lychee come back yet at this hour? Purifying coarse salt is not easy to begin with. That's true. Nephew, you've come too! Second Uncle, I brought the lychees back. Salt purification was successful. It's done so quickly! Much whiter than before Not only is it white, but it also has no bitterness at all. You guys should try it! They are indeed different. Absolutely no bitterness Salty with a hint of umami The food will definitely taste several times better. Time was tight and it wasn't perfect yet. It can be improved. It will be more convenient to use after drying and grinding. Was this craft feasible in the Tang Dynasty? Of course. Do you need to trouble you with how to handle mass production? It's very simple, all you need is a factory and workers. Tools are available in the lobby You need to calculate the cost and selling price. The cost of wood ash and charcoal is almost negligible. It's just right to accommodate the workers who need to be laid off. Solve their livelihood idleness You keep 50% of the profits from refined salt. No, no, no, one or two percent is enough for me. This kid turns away money that's offered to him. It is truly rare But my second aunt said It's inspiring. My wedding is in a while now. I'm afraid I won't have time to help. Inspiring him Brother, why haven't you gone home yet? Why are the four here? Your brother is discussing important matters with your aunt and mother. Okay, then the four of them will wait for Guoguo to go back together. Sizi, this is your home. Mother, I just want to go to Guoguo's place! Was what Aunt Chestnut said just now true? Why is Mother saying this? Married at 13 He died at the age of 23. Her life is so miserable. Second Uncle and Second Aunt I have to go back. My dear nephew, you've really gone to a lot of trouble. Nephew, please go back and rest. Wake up, it's time to get up! The four children ate. Eat Haha, open your eyes first. Let's eat again. How about we go back to the lobby together after we finish eating? Greetings to both princesses Exempt from your punishment No need for gifts I almost forgot These two little ones are genuine Tang Dynasty princesses. Come on, bro, I'll take you to see the public housing. The space is large enough I have no other requirements for the house. The process must be kept secret First, arrange for him to be placed in the harem. I understand that since the location has been decided... Let's arrange for someone to prepare the tools as soon as possible. I'll ask my mother to make arrangements when I get back. I'm so proud that you're getting married to Changsun Chong! Yes I want to ask you if you'd like to marry him. Was it your own choice or Grandpa's? Mother's meaning I am the eldest legitimate princess of the Tang Dynasty Marriage is not something one can control. As expected, this marriage was not what she wanted. Parents' orders Natural and appropriate If you are unwilling She didn't need to marry Changsun Chong in the first place. The marriage was arranged early. The wedding is just around the corner How can it be changed? I have a way to make it so you don't have to marry him. What method Brother, tell me quickly! Do you know what consanguineous marriage is? Never heard of it I don't know what it means. Blood relatives cannot marry. You know that, right? Naturally know The laws of the Tang Dynasty explicitly prohibited You and Changsun Chong are related by blood. Brother, don't joke. He and I are cousins. How could they be blood relatives? Those who are related by blood are considered blood relatives. Your mother and Changsun Wuji are siblings. You all come from the same source. However, marriage between cousins has been common since ancient times. How can I change this? As long as you know the dangers of consanguineous marriage Rules can be broken naturally What harm Please explain clearly, brother. Inbreeding Extremely prone to deformities Intellectual disability Go and collect statistics on the health status of children born to cousins who married. A comparison will tell you. I'll send someone to investigate right away. We must find out the truth. If it is true Then I would have a reason to refuse the marriage proposal. Grasshoppers, hurry up and catch up! Here it comes! The cricket's royal horn is huge! This place is even more beautiful than the palace. Brother, all the formalities have been completed. Please take a look. No need to look, I believe you Do you know anyone in the renovation business? I want to renovate the house. The renovation cost of this fully furnished apartment alone is in the tens of millions. You still need to revise The sink is too high The younger sisters couldn't reach it It's empty anyway. I want to build a children's playground. Multi-million dollar mansion installs slide Rich people are all so capricious Growing up This is the first time someone has called me a rich person. It feels strange. There's no way the child likes it. My baggage is on my back The four children rode away on a sheep. Is this yellow-clad cricket ours? Yes, it's our home. Then why leave? I haven't had enough fun yet. This is fun The house is not fully furnished Once it's installed, we'll... Move in Brother, you're so handsome! Wow, these cars are so much bigger than my brother's car! Are you here to look at cars? These two little babies are so cute! Just look at that car Let's see if my two younger sisters like it or not. My sister will take you to see cars. This is so much fun! Hehe, this feels so good! Like the sofa at home My sword and shield cricket This cut is amazing! I, a fan of Xifen, want this! This is good. Then buy this one. Sir, wouldn't you like me to explain the configuration to you? No need to have a car in stock Sign the contract directly Can I pick up the car today? No problems at all today. Mother, please take a look at this first. What is all this? This is a survey on the impact of cousin marriage on the health of offspring. Why did you suddenly decide to investigate this? My brother told me. Cousins are also considered blood relatives. Nephew, what exactly happened? Marriage between cousins is forbidden in our area. Consanguineous marriage has a very serious impact on the health of offspring. I never imagined the problem would be so serious. We must tell His Majesty about this immediately. shocking It's truly shocking. My dear nephew, I owe you so much. Please, Your Majesty, grant me permission to cancel my daughter's engagement to Changsun Chong. I just don't know how to bring this up with Wuji. Why doesn't Your Majesty order your elder brother to investigate personally? Good idea, let's do it this way. This is much whiter than the first one we made. This is completely different from coarse salt. Tonight I'll have the Imperial Kitchen use this salt in their cooking. With the skills of the Imperial Kitchen Auntie, how about we have barbecue hot pot tonight? What is a barbecue grill? Is barbecue delicious? Yes, it's delicious grilled meat. Grandma eats meat, hee hee What is needed? I asked the food service department to prepare it in advance. All you need is some mutton I'll handle the rest. What can I do, bro? You take the four sons back to the main hall. Bring the mutton over. The four sons took their older sister back to get some things. I don't want food. You're not taking me with you. If you hit me, I'm even less likely to take you out for dinner. The four sons took their older sister back to get the meat. If we don't take it, we won't have any barbecue tonight. Grandma took the meat Our four children are so well-behaved. Sister, let's go. Second Uncle's Nephew You have truly done me a great favor. It's nothing. Let's use these salt-grilled skewers tonight! Okay, okay, your second aunt told me everything. Are you all ready? All that's missing is skewering them. It will require a few people. Okay, I'll have my servants come and help. Just dress like this, it's very simple. I know, brother. I want to help with the skewers too. This is too dangerous. The four children just need to focus on eating. I'm very awesome. The older brother believes the four sons are the most capable. Suki The four children need to open their mouths when blowing wind. Otherwise, I'll spit. That's right. You guys go in quickly. It's too humid here. litchi Your marriage to Changsun Chong has been cancelled today. Thank you, Father. I thought he would be sad. Why are you so happy? Lychee, you seem very happy. Father's decree benefits the country and the people. The daughter was naturally happy. My goodness, how are these four so smart? My aunt used mustard to ripen the fruit. The young man has finished skewering the meat. Okay, just put it here. Should we ask the imperial chefs from the Imperial Kitchen to come and help? No need for barbecue It tastes best when baked and eaten fresh. Since that's the case Let's set up a table and eat here. It will be ready soon. Don't rush, let it air dry first. The skewers are too dangerous Blow on it before eating Don't burn your mouth Mmm, delicious. My brother is amazing! Try this original flavor Your Majesty, please try it first. The lamb is tender It goes so well with these spices Yes, I've never tasted such a unique flavor before. This fragrance is called flame retardant. It's a perfect match for barbecue. The pot is gone. I still want to eat meat Okay, no rush. Almost done This meat is so fresh! There was no bitterness at all The taste is so unique Second Uncle and Second Aunt, try some more. These have other seasonings added. This one is even more fragrant, it's absolutely amazing! The young master's cooking skills are so good Could you teach the imperial chef? No problem, it's all a minor issue. My nephew has been busy all day and hasn't eaten yet. Or should I roast it? No need for second uncle There's still plenty of meat, I'll eat it later. Then Uncle won't stand on ceremony. How can such delicious food be served without wine? Go back with Si Zi and get the beer from the fridge. Okay, let's go now. Meatball, wait for me to come back! I only took this one bottle. Is that not enough? Definitely not enough Could you two please make another trip? Bring it all Fourth Sister The older sister is getting something. I'll come back and eat something first. You little rascal, you're not short of food either. I'll go back and get the lychees. I'll be right back. This little fourth son When I catch him, I'm going to beat him up. I'll open the bottle. Nephew, what kind of wine is this? It's still yellow. This is called beer. Unlike baijiu It tastes best when it's iced. Matters about refined salt Second Uncle respects you Second Uncle, you're too kind. This wine doesn't taste very good. Beer is most enjoyable when drunk in one gulp. How is Xianzhi beer made? It is mainly made from fermented malt, rice, and hops. Your Majesty, you should also have a cup and try it. It's quite refreshing. Okay, I'll try it too. I'll pour you a glass of lychee too. Grilled skewers and beer are a perfect match Brother, I don't drink. Cool and refreshing to cut through the greasiness It's okay to have a drink Okay, I'll try some too. Children shouldn't drink alcohol. Pot, I'm full. I need to go back and watch TV. Can we go back first? Stop watching TV You should exercise after eating. Okay, I'm going to turn on the machine. My dear nephew and second uncle There's something I want to ask you. Second Uncle, just say what you want to say. I heard that the Tang Dynasty lasted for nearly 200 years before its demise. I am deeply saddened. I want to know about the Tang Dynasty Who ultimately caused the downfall of the empire? The Second Uncle's Dynasty Ended It is by no means the fault of one person alone. It is the result of long-standing problems. Nephew, could you please explain in detail? The root cause lies in the separatist rule of regional military governors and the monopoly of power by eunuchs. Wait a minute, what does "regional separatism" mean? Later generations used it to defend against foreign enemies Establish military governors on the border Total power So muddle-headed! How is this different from the Zhou ruler at the end of the Han Dynasty? How foolish are the descendants? Grandpa, don't argue with the cricket. Grandpa didn't argue. Go play! Grandpa, please speak softly. Don't get angry, okay? Grandpa knows. Nephew's words today Second Uncle should thank you properly. They're all minor things. What are we going to do today, cricket? I'm going to install solar lights for your aunt and grandma today. It's not for eating. Do you understand what "bright lighting" means? Yeah, I understand. Young man, guess how much the glass cost? 200 jars were sold for just one glass cup. You guys actually sold them separately? A total of 330,000 cans were sold. 330,000 cans translate to nearly 2 billion yuan. Bro, what good stuff is in this box? Solar lights Once installed, there's no need to light oil lamps at night. Is there a ladder? Find one Guoguo, be careful! Persimmons, get out of the way! Things will fall and hit you. Hmm, Guoguo, you didn't remember, did you? It's okay, don't worry. What if the power goes out? Charged by the sun It can be used even on cloudy days. Brother, we can use electric lights now! Good yeah, bright and shiny The production of refined salt by the young master has stabilized. But the common people had never eaten refined salt. How to open up sales channels? Why not open a restaurant in Chang'an? Use refined salt to cook. People who have tasted it will naturally know how good refined salt is. That's a brilliant idea. The chef at the food court is waiting for me to teach him cooking. Shimizu-boiled tea Add two spoonfuls of salt Drinking tea in the Tang Dynasty was so wild Throw in ginger, dates, and mint all of them. Is this for brewing tea or making soup? This tea doesn't suit your taste. What I drank before There aren't that many seasonings Don't you drink tea where you live? It's different from what I drank in the Tang Dynasty. It's time to show you. The charm of modern tea brewing Mingyue boils another pot of water. Do not add salt. Your servant obeys. This cannot be eaten directly after soaking in water. Is it sweet? Silkworm also wants to drink You'll know in a moment Isn't this just dried tea leaves? Not sun-dried It's stir-fried until dry. This is called wrapping up filming. This is steamed green. happy Second Aunt, you should try some lychees! crisp and refreshing I actually tasted the flavor of spring buds. Sweet herbal scent It's so refreshing and delicious! Auntie, I want to drink too! I want to drink too. Brother, I want to try it too. Children should not drink tea. It's bad for your stomach. Just take a bite Only one bite. It doesn't taste good anymore. It doesn't taste good at all. If it doesn't taste good, then I won't drink it. This is definitely not suitable for children to drink. Once the new house is decorated The two little ones will definitely love it. Where is the furniture in the logistics? It should arrive in the next day or two. Second Aunt, Fourth Son, Changyang, I'm back. We went to see it twice. You haven't come back. Guess what your brother brought you here? Can't guess Brother, open it quickly! Wow, so cute! This brother is so cute! Take it and play with it His name is Gugu Gaga This is meant to inspire you. I have one too, thanks bro. Second Uncle, what rare thing is this now? Ah-Dai calls her Auntie Ga-ga hehe Pretty good, pretty good My aunt bought it, hehe. Why is Your Majesty so late today? Hey, it's all because of these solar lights! Just as darkness fell, the Taiji Hall suddenly became as bright as day. Those old ministers were all pressing me for the source. That's how I managed to find an excuse to get away. Now that my second uncle is back Let's eat! Grandma, I'm so hungry! Let me see what delicious food my nephew has brought this time. Let's start by gnawing on a big pig's trotter. Nuonuo thanked her brother. Changyang also ate one Mother, you eat. The four children are so sensible. Mother eats by herself Brother, you eat Si Zi, you eat first. So my own father He wouldn't even give way. I've completely lost my place in my daughter's heart. Nephew Lai Let's have a drink first. This is Crown Prince Li Chengqian One of the Four Regrettable Crown Princes He's so young and already has a leg ailment. Gao Ming, what brings you here? Your son greets his father and mother. Solar lights were installed in my son's bedroom. I came specifically to inquire about the source. This isn't urgent. Let me introduce myself first. I was just about to ask that too This young man is Do you remember the deity the four children encountered? This is that immortal. Immortal Above Chengqian greets you. Second Uncle, stop fooling around. Your Highness, my dear second uncle 承乾快坐吧 Let's talk slowly. Brother, there's something delicious here. It was Guoguo who bought it. Come and eat! Please sit down. If you haven't eaten, let's eat together. He comes from a future world more than 1,000 years in the future. The young man is older than you. You should call him elder brother. Brother Chengqian greets you. You're too kind, Gao Ming. Last time I asked you about Gao Ming's political achievements after he ascended the throne. He happened to be there today. You should tell me in person. Tell him to his face that he would rebel. The Emperor must beat him on the spot. Auntie, are you hungry? Let's eat some meat first. Si Zi, you eat. Could it be that Gao Ming did a bad job? If that's the case My dear nephew should speak frankly. Brother, please speak your mind. Chengqian will humbly accept Bluebird, come, come! Quickly sit on the bluebird This is King Li Tai of Yue. No wonder the Emperor dotes on her so much Please move over a little. Make room for Qingque Grandpa always cared more about Qingque than about me. I'm annoyed, brother. Who is this young man? Do you know where these light bulbs came from? That's why I came here. Solar lights were also installed in my bedroom. It's so amazing! Jiang Yan's identity is as follows: Brother Qingque greets you. No need for formalities Nephew, we are no strangers now. Just say what you want to say. Perhaps we should ask Cheng Qian and Qing Que to leave for a moment? You two go out first. You are not allowed to come in unless I tell you to. It's Father Why did Grandpa let us out? Grandpa wanted him to speak What happened after I ascended the throne You must have been a tyrant. People are too embarrassed to say it to your face. Nonsense, do you think my brother is like a tyrant? Who knows? Why did I let you out too? He probably didn't want me to laugh at him. Your nephew Gaoming can speak now, right? He did not succeed to the throne. He did not become emperor. My dear nephew, this is no joke. This is not something to joke about. Why did my nephew Gao Ming not succeed to the throne? He was deposed for treason. Why did Gao Ming rebel? I was forced by you, Second Uncle. How is that possible? How could I force the Crown Prince to rebel? Which of your sons does your second uncle favor the most? Naturally, it was the bluebird. He is witty and intelligent Stop! Second Uncle doesn't think he's spoiling Qingque too much. Because I favor Qingque He plotted rebellion This is utterly absurd! Absolutely incompetent I'm going to kill that stupid thief right now. Your Majesty, please do not act rashly. Let the young master finish speaking first. It's not too late for my second uncle to beat me to death after he hears this. Ah Nian, calm down. Don't get angry and ruin your health. The Crown Prince cannot be entirely blamed. My second uncle also bears responsibility. Your favoritism towards Qingque nurtured his ambition to seize the throne. It was he who pressed on step by step. That's what made the Crown Prince take such a risk. The tragedy at Xuanwu Gate is about to repeat itself on my son. That beast Qingque I'm going to kill him right now. Second Uncle, don't worry. Calm down first This all happened more than a decade later. You have no reason to beat him up now. If Your Majesty had not faced the Xuanwu Gate incident... Otherwise, today's disaster would not have occurred. Hey, Second Uncle and Second Aunt Don't panic, nothing has happened yet. There's still a chance to change. The young man said there's still a chance. My dear nephew, what you said today saved me. The Li Tang imperial family... Gao Ming was deposed That is, Qingque succeeded to the throne. How did he do? Qingque also failed to ascend the throne. Who succeeded to the throne? Could there be another coup? No coup The crown prince's rebellion failed and he was deposed. Exiled to Qianzhou Unfortunately, he passed away the following year. Li Tai was also demoted and exiled because of his ambition to seize the throne. Mother, don't cry. Four sons will help you wipe it. Our four kids are still the best behaved. Li Qing, however, only made later generations feel that Chu and Wei were attainable through negotiation. That's why The second uncle ultimately made Li Zhi the crown prince. Xiao Jiu is gentle by nature. What are his political achievements? His political achievements are quite good Historically known as the Yonghui Era I'm not going to say anything more. The food is cold. Eat quickly! I'm not full yet, I am too. Eat quickly if you're not full. I'm not afraid anymore. Eat quickly, Grandpa won't be angry anymore. I'll heat it up. Don't bother. The noodles the four of them brought last time I also want to eat instant noodles. It's okay to eat it once in a while. My dear nephew, where's the beef and shrimp you drew on it? Uncle, this picture is for reference only. What does it mean that it was drawn but not shown? Yes, it's just for looking. Isn't this a scam? This would happen in the Tang Dynasty. I must teach him a lesson for deceiving the emperor. Just a bowl of noodles Pot Pot Delicious Then the four of them should eat more. This smells amazing! I ate it for the second time It's still so delicious What were Grandpa and that young man talking about? One minute he'll let out a yell He slammed his fist on the table again a moment later. It's scary I don't know, it can't be my fault, right? Hey, what's that smell? It smells so good, you must be eating it. No ambition whatsoever Brother, let's go ask if we can go in. Go if you want. I won't get scolded. Aunt Can we go in? Get out of here! If you don't tell me, Grandpa won't scold me? Something's wrong, you must have made Grandpa angry. Uncle and Aunt We're heading back now. Look, these two little ones are so sleepy they're almost asleep. Grandpa and Grandma, we're leaving. These two girls are lucky to have met such a handsome young man. Grasshopper, where are you going? My dear brother went out for a while I'll be back soon, okay, Guoguo? Why are you going out again? My brother promises it will only happen this once. From now on, I'll take both of you with me when I go out, okay? Guoguo keeps her word It's time to go back and pick up the two little princesses to see the surprise. Guoguo, you're finally back! Brother, what did you go to do just now? We can move into our new home now. It's true, of course it's true. What new home I made money and bought a house. This is rented. Can I come along and take a look? Of course! It's a slide! How do you like it or not? Is this slide ours too? Of course, this will be our home from now on. Haha, slow down! Don't choke! Haha, this is so much fun! You two try the slide and see if it's fun. Auntie, I want to play this. Come down. Is it fun or not? That's so much fun! Brother, I want to get down too. Come on, brother, I'll catch you, hahaha! Bro, did you install this children's playground specifically for them? It's safer to play at home than in a public place. Brother, you're so good to Si Zi Changyang, thank you. I'm the one who should be saying thank you. I was only able to afford this house after meeting Si Zi. Don't be shy with your brother. Go play! Hold on tight with both hands so you don't fall. Wow, so high! This is so soft and comfortable. It's so much more comfortable than the couches in the palace. This is the children's restroom. You can wash your hands here from now on. Wow, the water is so much fun! Don't waste water! You can wash your hands by yourselves from now on. Grandma found out Wow, it looks so good! Go over and see if you like it. Soft and fluffy haha This bed is so much fun! Who doesn't dream of being a princess? This one looks good on me too. You two should each choose one, sister. You choose no first. You want to choose first No need to give way The four sons lived in the first room. Cheng Yang stayed in the second room Brother, where do you live? That's my room. Hehe, the cricket's bed is so comfortable! Grasshopper, when can we sleep here? When do you two want to move in? I want to live here right now. Yeah, I want to move here today. Okay, let's move today. Yeah, we moved! I also want to move here. How can I bring it up? There's another question we need to test. What problem? Let's see if we can travel directly back to the palace from here. Okay, let's give it a try. Sure enough, you can travel directly back from the villa. I can go straight to the big house. You can go anytime you want. What are you saying? So happy Mother, we have a big house now. Yes, there's also a super pretty bed and slide. Brother bought a new house for Si Zi and Cheng Yang to live in. Young master, you've really gone to great lengths. Second Aunt, you're too kind. I'm the one who should thank you. Have you moved in yet? I'm not planning to move yet, I'm moving today. Only three people live in such a big house. There are too few people. Hurry up and let me go live there too! I was just about to tell my second aunt about this. Oh, what's wrong? Little Wolf said I'm worried I might not be able to take good care of two children. Could you please send two maids over to help me? Their wages can be deducted from my share. I asked you to mention me. You actually want a maid? Young master, what are you saying? This is all to be expected. I wish I could be chosen to go to Wonderland. Let Yushu and Hongxiu go. Your Highness Empress Xie Okay, okay, thank you very much, Auntie. Let's go back and pack our things now. Moving today How could I, the dignified eldest princess, not... Like two maids at ease Mother, I want to go to the modern world to help the young master. It's true what they say, daughters grow up and leave home. What nonsense is Mother talking about? Okay, you can go and look after these two little ones. It was clearly my mother who arranged for me to go. Yes, yes, yes, it was Mother's arrangement. Brother, this is dirty. Haha, the four of them are awesome! Put it in here Do you still need to take these pillows and blankets, brother? I'm not taking any; everything over there is new. Hehehe, okay. If we need anything, we can come back and get it. Yeah, bro I want to go to the modern era with you too! Oh, okay. Don't be nervous If you need anything, you can come back anytime. Yes, everything is ready, let's go. Okay, we'll head over there first. Ah, yes. Could it be that we've arrived in the celestial realm? The future world is so amazing! Please sit down first. Take a rest first Yes, sir. You have to talk to me It can't be changed in a short time. Brother, I want to live on the second floor. You can choose any room on the second floor. I want to stay in the biggest one. Let me show you around. See which room you like. The mirror is too bright. I don't know what kind of magical material it's made of. It's so soft, like cotton! It's so comfortable, the blanket feels so soft. Do you think the young man is a deity? I can't explain it either. Sister Yu Shu Sister Hongxiu Come and play on this slide, it's super fun! It's so much fun inside! This servant dares not Your Highnesses can have fun. We're here watching. We need to take it slow. I need to go out and buy some things. Are you going? Is the cricket going to the supermarket? To buy food and daily necessities I like to go to the supermarket to buy delicious food. Okay, let's go to the supermarket. The fox spirit's coolness this time was even more magical than an ice cellar. My heart is truly moved. More stable than a thoroughbred horse This future world is completely beyond my imagination. Pot-pot milk tea I want to drink milk tea No, children can't drink milk tea. If you don't behave, I won't bring you next time. Eating ice cream is also fine. Ice cream is not allowed either. It makes my stomach hurt. Let's go buy milk tea Hehe, Guoguo is the best! It's sweet and delicious. Mmm, delicious! Just insert it in forcefully. It tastes sweet. I've never tasted anything so delicious before. The four are ready. Cheng Yang, you're done too. I'll push it. Push slowly Be careful not to bump into anyone. Yes, sir. Don't call him Your Highness here. Otherwise people will become suspicious. What are all these things for, brother? I'll teach you how to use it when we get back. See what you want to eat and help yourself. Just pick whichever packaging you like. You should still call me brother. Brother Tangtang is Tangtang Let's switch to this one, it tastes better. All selected This future world It's even more magical than the fairy realm in storybooks! Young master, what can we do to help you? You should play with the princesses first. How could I ask you to take care of my brother? Let them help me get familiar with the area. Yes, that's exactly what it means. Okay, put these green vegetables in the refrigerator. This is the cellar of the future. We'll put Hongxiu down now. Please wash these vegetables for me. How does this dispense water by itself? Try turning the water on/off here. Water comes out as soon as you twist it. It was the same the first time I came. plate Oh, it's here! Young man, you're amazing! From now on, I'll leave cooking to you. We will definitely study hard. It smells so good! Fruit is delicious! Haha, almost done! Let's go have some fun first. Mm, time to eat. Xiangxiang, then eat more. Go get the juice. Celebrating moving to a new home You two, sit down and eat! Absolutely not! Once you're here, don't talk about palace rules. Even if you're standing, it's still uncomfortable for us to eat. Celebrating moving to a new house Grandma hehe The food my brother cooks is so delicious! Wait a minute I'll teach you how to wash. We will do this kind of thing Young master, rest assured Put all the bowls in here He'll wash it himself after that. Can also wash dishes by myself This is called a dishwasher. Is Mother Sweet? So sweet, your brother bought it for you again. I want to feed my brother Oh, my dear nephew I need to talk to you about something. Second Uncle, you can say What happened? Recently hit by floods People's livelihoods have been greatly affected. I have already allocated government grain and 200,000 strings of cash for disaster relief. Thanks to you, I was able to get out of this predicament. Second Uncle, you're welcome. Floods caused crop failure Winter wheat won't ripen until next year. The disaster victims don't know how they will get through the past six months. Finally, we've reached the essential part for time travelers. Promote high-yield crops How long will it take for my second uncle to recover? If it doesn't rain, it will take at least half a month. That's perfectly fine. Second Uncle doesn't need to wait until next year. One type of crop can be harvested this year Moreover, the yield is extremely high. Prophet, tell me quickly what it is! Potatoes What you've eaten It's just crispy shredded potatoes. I really can't remember. That's easy. I have it at home. I'll go back and get it. Second Uncle, this is a potato. This bag costs 8.6 yuan. Remember to reimburse me. This is a potato. This looks like a fruit. This thing grows in the soil. scientific name: potato Also called potato eggs Earth eggs are so fun! Father, you've eaten this several times already. This can be eaten as a dish or as a main course. One of our staple foods I'll steam these tonight. Second Aunt and Second Uncle You'll know once you try it. Quickly steam these potatoes. Steam at least one gram or more Two grams is fine I know, young man Dad, have something sweet. Yes, it is indeed very sweet. The candy is so delicious, you have to hold it in your mouth to keep it sweet. It will stay sweet no matter how long I eat it. You clever little thing This line of thinking is absolutely flawless. Persimmons should not be eaten anymore. Eating too much sugar is bad Spicy and sweet is delicious Why can't I eat it? Eating too much sugar will cause cavities. Small insects can damage your teeth. If your teeth are bad, you can't eat. I'm not eating. Cannot grow small insects Their Majesties the Emperor and Her Majesty the Empress The potatoes are steamed. It's ready to eat now. Second Uncle asked His Majesty not to be anxious. Let it cool down first. Hmm, not bad, not bad. You should try it soon. Brother, I want to eat potatoes too! Okay, okay, brother will peel it for you. This thing still needs to be peeled. You can leave it unpeeled. You seem to be enjoying your meal. So you even ate the skin? They really don't consider themselves outsiders. Does it have no taste? It tastes good It's very filling. This is staple food. It tastes good whether grilled, fried, stir-fried, or boiled. When is the latest time to plant these potatoes? Will we really be able to harvest before the New Year? Sowing in late summer and early autumn It will mature in a little over two months There's still plenty of time to harvest before the first frost. That's great! The disaster-stricken people are saved! What is the actual yield of potatoes per acre? Normal yield is three to four thousand catties per mu. The maximum can reach 12,000. Could it be that I misheard or something is wrong with my ears? This number is unimaginable. Limited planting conditions in Datang Achieving half the production would be quite good. Planting with care will definitely yield results. Half of it weighs one or two thousand jin. Let alone one or two thousand catties Doubling the amount could save countless lives However, the seeds are a big problem. Three to four hundred catties per mu The demand for seeds can be quite large. My dear nephew, just do your best. I will send people tomorrow to investigate the affected fields. I'll give you a definite answer Second Uncle, I want to open a department store in Chang'an. I grant your permission. I'll have Lizhi take you to Chang'an to check out some shops later. Grasshopper, I want to go out with you too! I want to go too! Let's do it together You be my tour guide What is a tour guide? Just tell your brother if you see anything delicious or fun. I know, I know a lot This Tai Chi skill is amazing! We've been walking for so long and we still haven't left the palace gates. Are you getting used to it, bro? It's good, just a bit hot. Chengtian Gate is just ahead. Exiting the Vermilion Bird Gate leads to Vermilion Bird Avenue. Suzaku Avenue became famous in later generations. Brother, you said you'd let my sister and me be your tour guides. My brother doesn't recognize him. The question should be asked of us. Is this the Vermilion Bird Gate near Sizi Changyang? Is the Vermilion Bird Gate in front of you, sister? Yes, it's my brother. Wow, so he's a second-hand tour guide! Is this Suzaku Street, Sizi? Yes, this is the Chang'an of the Tang Dynasty, where all nations paid tribute. Is it okay for me to open a shop here? This location is perfect. Uncle Cheng, what brings you here? I've come to check on the business of my shop. Tang Bohu Oh, our little Sizi is here too! Hello Uncle Cheng Uncle Cheng gave you candy My aunt bought this for me. Many thanks to Your Highness Jinyang for the gift. This is Uncle Cheng. This is the Crown Prince's friend. Brother, this is Duke Su. My Uncle Cheng Cheng Gonghao I have never seen this young master dressed like this before. I am Jiang Yan Successfully change my name Make the princess call Brother is no ordinary person His Majesty has kept it well hidden. This must be that mysterious and extraordinary person. What are you doing in Dongshi, Changle? My brother wants to open a shop. Come looking for a shop Contact me about this. There are plenty of shops in my East Market. Chen Gong is so enthusiastic! It saved me a lot of trouble. Could it be that the flashlight glass is actually yours? I also installed the lights and fans in the palace. Finally found the right person! I've struck gold! If you like this shop, take it. I can't accept this. This shop isn't making money. That's not enough for me to buy some beer. What do you think, bro? This is it. Saves me from having to go elsewhere Don't call it success Just call me Uncle. Thank you, Uncle Shi This warrior's strength is incredible! My shoulder is almost broken. My dear nephew is not familiar with Chang'an. Need help? Just in need Uncle has a suitable person My two sons will come over and help you. That would be perfect. We also want to go to the West Market. I also have a shop in the West Market. I'll give them to you all at once. Okay, thank you very much. Thank you, Uncle Teng! Hahaha I'll buy you an electric car tomorrow. Convenient for transportation It really is the one with two wheels. That's not fake. It won't be difficult to teach you how to ride later. The cricket wants to buy some sliced vegetables for its older sister. It's an electric car Let your older sister take you for a drive. No, I want an electric one too. The cricket is mine This little brat is actually jealous! You are too young. I can't ride this rabbit Make sure he doesn't ask your identity. You are not allowed to reveal your brother's background without being asked, remember that? Remember to stay for a meal before you leave. No rush, I want to go back with my brother to eat something delicious. Tomorrow I'll be handling the potato seed matter. Thank you for your hard work. The unemployed job is a toothbrush This is toothpaste. This is a towel. This is a washbasin. I brush my teeth I'll teach the older sisters. This cannot be eaten. My stomach hurts after eating it. We four are awesome! You guys help Si Zi and Cheng Yang wash up. Good young man You all should wash up obediently. Brother will give you hair to eat later. Is this what crickets are like? Mmm, our four kids are really delicious! Brother Itchy Sit still and I'll blow-dry your hair. What does "blowing hair" mean? Hair dryer specifically for drying hair quickly This is so convenient! It's time to sleep, lie down quickly. Guoguo is lying here My brother has his own room Let Sister Yushu accompany you I don't want to; I want to sleep with Guoguo. You guys go and rest. I will take care of them. The little dumpling sneaks up on its brother as soon as it wakes up. Then, brother, how did we end up in this room? Your room is too small I'll carry you over here. Okay, time to get up and wash up! Is the result sweet, brother? I don't know if my brother has tried it either. The four children said it smelled good. It must be sweet. Never put it in your mouth Mmm, it smells so good. Sweet must have secretly memorized it. What are you two doing here? We want to make breakfast. I don't know what to do It's okay, I'll take care of it. I didn't sleep well and I'm not used to the bed. So comfortable and so exciting I didn't sleep much. How did you sleep last night? Are you getting used to it? It's great, the air conditioning makes it very comfortable to sleep in. Are you going to buy an electric scooter today, bro? Go after eating You need to make a few phone calls first. potato seed company Important matters come first There's no rush to buy an electric car. Hello, I want to purchase potato varieties for autumn planting. What does "detoxified seeds" mean? Remove the virus from the seed potato Prevent production cuts You should also learn how to grow potatoes when you have time. Facilitate communication Let's go buy the electric scooter first. Are you two going or not? We stayed home to clean. I just couldn't find a broom. No need for broom There are robots Wow, this thing can move! He's amazing! Automatic sweeper It can also mop the floor Ignore him You can't play like that, it's dangerous. Let's go while it's cool in the morning. It got hot at noon. Electric cars are so beautiful now! Auntie's results are so beautiful! The four boys are also good-looking. That one is pretty too. So beautiful and cute! It looks much better than the ones running on the street. These are all new models. Very suitable for girls Buy a pair for my sister Which one do you like? I'll introduce it to you. I think both of them are beautiful. They all look good, haha. Even babies love these two! The result is good. This one is called Original Universe Compact and easy to drive Strong battery life Which one do you want, bro? Choose whichever one you think is prettier. I think they are all beautiful Then buy them all. Are you serious, handsome? Both vehicles are required. Just choose one This thing isn't expensive. It's not even worth as much as your phone. Oh, all-inclusive It's so perfectly round. Okay, I'll give you two helmets. Can you send three? My three younger sisters Okay, okay, no problem There's also a baby wearing a four-horse-riding sheep figurine. Which helmet looks good? I want that one, grasshopper. It's that pink one. Does it have the one from Aota with small bamboo shoots? Brother, I want the red one. My two younger sisters both want this one. This is fun. When you ride an electric scooter, the wind will make it spin on its own. I want to see hahaha I don't want brother. It's inconvenient for me to wear my hair up in a bun. Even if you have to take it apart, you still have to wear it. Safety first Please deliver it to our home. No problem, it's free if we're nearby. Hi little things Brother can only bring one at a time Can you do it one at a time? Sister Ai, please sit down first. I am the older sister You are my younger sister Please sit down first, thank you, Sister Ai. Come on, four of you. Hurry up and let's go! Haha Four The thing above your head is spinning. Brother, slow down! Mmm, mmm, so much fun! Cheng Yang, come up here. Cheng Yang, don't be nervous. Relax, hmm Ready Brother's off! Wow, Sister Ai is having so much fun too! When will you teach me to ride, bro? I was so busy coaxing the little one I almost forgot about you We should also learn You can learn it when you're older. He can already drive a car, that's amazing! You come up first. I'll show you around. Finding a sense of balance Fortunately, I was so close to him Don't let anyone else see it. It's easy to fall down. You need to change your sitting posture. Fortunately, he was the only one in the courtyard. Otherwise it would be very impolite. This table is so soft! Hold the car with both hands brace your feet on the ground The one on the right is the accelerator. Now you can try anything without unlocking it. Just turn this when you go forward, right? For intelligence What if you want to stop? Pinch this Go put on your helmet first. Let's officially begin training. Don't be so nervous The more tense you are, the harder it is to maintain your balance. First, push off the ground with your feet and take a few steps. It's very interesting. Try to find your balance and put your feet on it. Brother, I dare not I have a feeling he's going to collapse. Don't worry, I can hold you up. I'm starting to feel it. Brake and stop. Try it yourself Brother, you should take a rest. Remember to gently twist the throttle? Remember You can go a little faster, don't be afraid. Bro, I can ride now! Wow, you learn so fast! Sister, you're amazing! You two stay away. That's great, I really didn't expect that... Learn this: headlights It can be turned on automatically or manually. This is a loudspeaker. If someone is ahead of you, just follow the prompts. Even if it's nothing serious, try it, sister. Please pay attention! Haha, the four boys' voices aren't that bad. I didn't expect this little electric car to have so many functions. These are all the most basic. Unlock and control your car with your phone You can also set the startup sound effect. I'll let you try. The young lady has arrived Get out of the way! This is so awkward. Let's choose another one. You can also record yourself I'll teach you how to change it yourself later. Princess Jinyang Your Highness has arrived Hehe, brother How about letting my older sister use this? Let's use this one. You can't go on the road here. Why don't we go back to the Tang Dynasty and practice some more? The palace is much more spacious than this. Oh, my mother! Where did she go? Returning to Your Highness Chang Le Her Majesty the Empress's old illness has relapsed Afraid of disturbing the two young princes I returned to Lizheng Palace this morning to recuperate. Brother, I want to go to Lizheng Palace. I want to go see my mother. Don't be afraid, we'll get through this together. It's much faster to go by electric bike than by sedan chair. The four children hurry up Brother, you must sit tight! The four good sons remembered. Brother, hurry up! I want to see my mother. Mmm, Mother Mother, Mother What’s wrong with you You're back Mother, how are you feeling? Why is my head so hot? This time it's even more serious. The imperial physician prescribed a formula. The medicine is already being brewed. It hadn't been long since it got better. Why is it like this again? This is what is referred to as "qi disease" in historical records. The Tang Dynasty could not cure it This disease can be controlled very quickly with modern methods. Uncle, I have something to tell you. Brother, do you have a solution? Uncle, I took Aunt to our area for treatment. Are you sure the Empress's health is so weak? Can it withstand it? Grandpa, don't worry. Absolutely nothing will happen. My nephew is reliable It's better than watching the Empress suffer. Let my dear nephew take you to see the future. The medical skills there are amazing. I'm sorry to have troubled you again. Second Uncle and Second Sister-in-law were polite Let's go now Second Aunt closed her eyes to rest. We'll take you to the hospital. Listen to the young master Greetings, Your Majesty the Empress You two stay home and keep an eye on Si Zi and Chang Yang. You should stay home and behave. Wait for us to come back Auntie You guys fly here quickly! This iron box was a hundred times more stable than a horse-drawn carriage. My breathing became easier. Take good care of my second aunt. If they won't let us in, shouldn't we go in and take care of them? There are doctors inside. We can just wait outside. In the lobby, I am the eldest princess But there's nothing I can do to help here. Who are the patient's family members? I went to register. Transfer to Respiratory Department He didn't have an ID card. Find a nurse through the green channel Treat the disease first It's okay, don't panic. Second sister, I miss Mother and the cricket. I miss them too. Second sister, shall we go find the grasshopper? My fourth brother told us to be obedient. The four children know! Ring the bell if you need anything Atomize for 20 minutes Is Mother feeling better? Wow, the medical skills here are amazing! I no longer feel any tightness in my chest. My aunt hasn't even started formal treatment yet. An examination must be performed first. The test results are in. Let me explain the situation to you. You said The patient was experiencing an acute asthma attack accompanied by bronchitis. The inflammation was delayed for too long It has already caused pneumonia There is also airway mucosal edema. Is this easy to treat? We are very confident in treating common diseases First, treat the allergy. Does this contain fever reducer? Fever is the body's natural instinct to suppress infection. No need to deliberately return OK, thanks You are welcome Just ring the bell if you need anything. I couldn't understand a word the doctor was saying. This is modern medicine It's different from our traditional Chinese medicine. My aunt's illness is quite common around here. Treatment is easy Brother, where did the water in this bottle go? This is called an IV drip. Directly infuse the drug into the bloodstream How is Mother feeling now? Much better. Unlike before Feeling suffocated This IV drip will take at least half an hour. Enough for me to run back and forth Second Aunt's Inspiration I'll go back first. I'm going to check on Si Zi and Cheng Yang. So that the two children won't worry at home Go back and take a look. Tell them that your mother is very good. Don't worry, brother. I'm here watching over my mother. Don't worry, I'll be right back. I'll go take a look. I'm leaving since no one's here. Your Highness needs to eat some to grow taller! How can Your Highness not eat? Sizi Changyang Ge Don't cry, don't cry Mother is alright. We are worried about Mother Mother is receiving treatment. It will get better soon. We're making a video call to Mom. Good or bad Let's not cry yet. Look at your brother You've dirtied my clothes. Brother and Mother are awake. Point your phone at your second aunt. The four sons, riding sheep, wanted to see their mother. Mother, are you alright? Fourth son Cheng Yao's mother What department are you in? They can see me Both sides can see each other. That tube, Mother, is for treating illnesses. You must be obedient at home Don't worry, Mother. When Mother recovers I'll be back to see you soon. Second Aunt, let the child eat first. I'll go back right away. Now you can rest assured. Eat when it's time to eat. Do you know that your tummy will get hungry if you don't eat? My tummy is hungry now. Do you want to eat something now? Is Changyang hungry too? Hmm I'm hungry too. Let's eat first. Brother, I want to eat more. Brother, I'm not full either. I'll order takeout. A man dressed in a yellow robe will be escorted to the door. Just say thank you after you accept it. Eat well at home Will you be good? I wonder how the Empress's condition is. Your Majesty, please sit down and rest. Young master dares to take the Empress to They must be confident. I understand the reasoning. But I just can't let go of it. That kid's been gone for ages without a word. Your Majesty, shall we go? Jinyang Garden, etc. Walk walk walk This is Princess Chang Le and her young master's mount. How do you make this? Your Majesty, it's like riding a horse. Oh, it's like riding a horse! Nothing's wrong Your Majesty, this thing has a spirit. That should be it. Embarrassing My imperial dignity has been completely ruined by this iron lump. He must think we're no threat. Why doesn't Your Majesty try again? No, no, no, let's go quickly. I won't touch this stuff. The Empress is still waiting for news. You've finally arrived, Your Majesty! Don't worry, my second aunt is hospitalized for treatment. The patient's condition is very stable and he/she is hospitalized. What place is that? It was equivalent to a medical clinic in the Tang Dynasty. He needs to stay there and recover slowly. How long will you stay? Or I can take you there to have a look. If something happens to me What will happen to the Tang Dynasty? Where is the Empress still? If you don't go, I'm leaving. Si Zichengyang is still waiting for me. Go cook, I'll go! You must listen to your elder brother in everything. Your subject understands. Let's go, don't rush. You weren't in a hurry just now. What happened again? Your outfit is too conspicuous in our area. How dare you talk like that, kid? I'll go check if anyone's in the ward first. Guaranteed to be safe and secure Then hurry up! Don't waste a moment The four sons strolled around Is my brother obedient at home? I am the most obedient The older sister also obeyed. Why hasn't Mother come back? My mother needs to be treated at the hospital. I'll go back when I'm done. Do you miss your mother? I went to deliver food to my mother. I also need to take Grandpa to see him. Are you going to see your mother, brother/grandfather? I'll take him there now. Brother, I want to go too! I miss my mother Brother, I want to go too. I can take you there But you must obey. My older sister is also the most obedient. You can't shout when you get there. We can't let outsiders find out, okay? There are no outsiders in the ward, right? It was just me and Aning. I'm going there now. Could you keep watch at the door for me? Why has it taken so long? Do not prepare meals for your second aunt. You're so thoughtful, kid. Don't try that. I didn't do it for you. Grasshopper, let's go quickly! Okay, let's go. Wait a moment, I don't need to prepare anything. Just don't dawdle. Why are you here? Si Zi, what's wrong with your throat? Mother can't hear The older brother wouldn't let anyone make a sound. You two don't need to be so exaggerated. Just whisper it. Mother, I miss you. Mother, we miss you. Mother misses you too. Don't worry Why are you here too? How is the Empress feeling? Is she feeling any better? Much more comfortable It must hurt so much to get a stab! Your Majesty, this doesn't hurt. This is an IV infusion. What about this one that works quickly? This is oxygen. Help my second aunt breathe more easily. This future world has such tall buildings! If you're scared, don't watch. Don't force yourself to stay like this. Who's afraid of me? Do you think I'm afraid of this little bit of height? Hmm, the fourth son, Chengyang, ate milk with his mother. Auntie, you're a patient. It was my oversight. You two little gluttons Are you hungry? Yeah, my tummy is rumbling. How about I take you home for dinner? Brother, can I eat on the street? We want to eat with our mother. This soft and cuddly little face Who could bear to refuse? Brother Xing went to get the food Yeah, we're super well-behaved. Second Uncle, let's go. I'll take you back first. No, I just arrived. We'll talk about it later. I haven't eaten either. Let Grandpa stay here for a while. He hasn't had enough time with his mother yet. Why are you so talkative? Disrespectful You little brat Okay, I'll go get the food. Let's eat together here. Good brother is the best! You all need to behave well here, okay? Chestnut, please keep an eye on the door for me. Good job, I'll take care of it. Mother, would you like some more? How can you stay healthy if you don't eat? I really can't eat anymore. Your Majesty and Mother, please eat! My stomach is hungry if I don't eat. Mmm, Mom, eat quickly! Illness and poor digestion If you're not hungry, don't force yourself. Si Zichengyang came over for dinner. Uncle, come over for dinner! Your Majesty, please have a few bites. You haven't eaten a single bite of food. It's okay, I'm really not hungry. Come and have a bite! Let my second aunt rest for a while. Don't keep talking to him exhaust his spirit I'll go sit outside for a while. Get some rest. Close your eyes and take a nap Goodness, this thing is so soft! Eat something quickly. My dear nephew, can your second aunt's illness really be cured? Don't worry, this disease is very common here. It can be controlled but not cured. It just can't be cured Cannot be completely cured But it can be effectively controlled. That means it will recur in the future. For those with a possibility of recurrence But if controlled properly, it will not endanger life. According to historical records My second aunt passed away in the tenth year of the Zhenguan era. Untreatable due to illness Grasshoppers, you're so mean to me, I'm scared! My brother is chatting with my aunt. Why are you crying? Second Uncle, please restrain yourself. Our medical care here is very reliable. As long as it is well controlled This will absolutely not happen, don't worry. Thank you, Xianzhi. Everything will be alright. The persimmons are fine. Lychees are fine too. What's wrong with the persimmons? What's wrong with lychees again? Everything will change. Let's not talk about things that haven't happened. Nephew, please speak freely. Early detection means early prevention Brother, just tell me. We can accept Persimmons stroll Go there to watch cartoons My brother talks to my grandfather. Brother, let's not quarrel with Mother. The fourth son only lived to be 12 years old. Because of what Historical records only state that he died of illness. It's highly likely that he inherited his second aunt's illness. What about lychees? According to historical records, Li Zhi died of illness at the age of 23. I'll arrange it for my second aunt right away. Si Zi and Li Zhi underwent a comprehensive physical examination. 21st-century healthcare can absolutely protect them. Great kindness needs no words of thanks Okay, I'll stop here. The food is getting cold. Is Si Zichengyang still hungry? I'm not hungry anymore, I can't eat anymore. I'm going to see my mother. Is the Empress feeling unwell? Your Majesty, I heard everything you said. Jiang Yan said it's okay. Can it be cured here? I believe Second Uncle should go back. Si Zichengyang is going to sleep. Wait a little longer What can be done? If you stay any longer, you can stay here by yourself. I'm not giving you a ride, kid. Your Majesty, please return quickly. Prioritizing the nation "Yes, yes, I will listen to the Empress." Go away, even your second aunt is chasing you away. What's the rush? I called Mingyue to come and take care of the Empress. You can take a break too. Everything is at Your Majesty's discretion. The fourth son, Chengyang, said goodbye to his mother. Goodbye, Mother You must be a good boy and listen to your brother draw when you get back. Okay, Mom. How is Aya's mother? He's doing well and is already receiving treatment there. You guys chat, I'll take the two little ones back to the villa to sleep first. Young Master and His Highnesses First, take them to wash up. Time to go to bed after washing up The two little ones miss their mother. Learning to use video means I can see my brother anytime. I've finished showering. Brother, we're here! How about I teach you how to make a video call? Hmm, brother, teach us quickly! It's that simple. Did you remember? I got it. happy day summer day Sunshine嘿嘿 The four sons are really amazing. Learn it in one go I'll try it too. Go to sleep, your brother is watching over you. Brother, aren't you going to sleep? My brother is going back to the hospital to take care of your mother. I can't sleep without my brother. These two little ones are so clingy! Mother is sick Sister can't handle it all by herself. You all go to sleep quietly. Sister Yushu will stay with you, okay? If you miss your brother, just video call him, okay? Brother, are you leaving? Little ones, close your eyes and go to sleep. party all day long Si Zi and Cheng Yang went to sleep. Yeah, I just fell asleep. I'm going back to the hospital now. Thanks a lot My duty The doctor will be making rounds tomorrow. I still need to have treatment this morning. I won't be back until the afternoon. You don't need to wait for me; I'll come to the Taiji Hall to find you if I need anything. Alright, I understand. Don't stay here any longer. Hey, stop talking nonsense. Go to sleep, your second aunt will call you if she needs anything. I just need to make do on the sofa for the night. They don't have household registration. We'll have to ask Li Jun for a solution. This matter must be done for me. Not a buddy If you really want to have one adult and three children... This really needs to be done for me. Dude, these three kids aren't yours, are they? It's a shame you didn't become a screenwriter. Can it be done? Okay, I'll contact you. The household registration issue has been resolved. Next came the Queen's treatment. Business in the lobby will have to wait. Si Zi, what brings you here? I miss my brother How did you get here all by yourself, you little dumpling? Finally back from the house! We were terrified! You can't run around like that anymore, okay? What if I get kidnapped and dissected by bad guys? What is a slice? It means turning you into a little brat. I don't want to be a little brat. It's alright, Second Aunt. How are you feeling today? I slept for a night I feel much more energetic That's good, the doctor will be coming to check on us soon. What does "room check" mean? It refers to the doctor's daily check-up and adjustment plan for the patient's body. Fourth son, that girl Brother, can you hear me? Brother can hear Why did Si Zi wake up so early? I missed you as soon as I woke up. My little darling is probably going to run off with someone else. Brother misses you too. Has my second sister woken up? My second sister woke up too. Do you want to see your mother? Okay, you two, did you listen to me? Aimei and I are the most obedient. My brother is busy. Be good at home. Good morning, everyone! Thank you for your hard work! How dare this doctor be so rude! It doesn't sound as serious as the report suggests. The report is correct. It should recover quickly. The treatment effect was indeed unexpected. My second aunt had never been exposed to Western medicine. Do you feel any other discomfort? No, we'll stick to yesterday's plan. Okay, get some rest. Call us anytime if there's a problem. Thank you, doctor. My aunt just used a stethoscope. Being able to judge the severity of the illness by listening to breathing sounds Is it really that amazing? Auntie, are you coming back? I'm just asking. Have you had breakfast yet? Mmm, so delicious! You should eat your food properly. I'll pick you up later. Your aunt bought you some breakfast. Do you like this porridge? This is really troublesome for the young man. When are you coming back, my dear? Just hung up the phone Why are you calling again? I miss my mother again. I miss you again. Brother, I miss you too, okay, okay. My brother came back soon. The four children are so clingy! It's really heartwarming to be surrounded by two little bundles of joy. Is today's treatment over? It's alright, I'll go back and pick up Si Zi and Cheng Yang. Bring lunch over Okay, go ahead. Drive slowly No need to rush I can do it. So tall, Mother! Those buildings seem even taller. Those moving boxes are cars. Tell my brother that it's called a car. It can move on its own Brother, you're finally back! Brother Mua How is the young master and Her Majesty the Empress? It's much better than yesterday, don't worry. Can't we go see our mother now? It's possible, but you'll have to cook something and bring it over first. Mother and elder sister haven't eaten yet. My sister didn't either. Okay, young master, all the ingredients are ready. We'll do it. Okay, please be careful. I took Sizi Changyang back to the palace. I'll be back soon Sixth Sister, what brings you here? Sixth Sister, it's been so long since I've seen you! My dear nephew, this is the jade seal of my sixth daughter. Fine jade seal Little gentleman, hello How is your second aunt doing now? I feel much better I drank a big bowl of porridge in the morning. The doctor said there's nothing seriously wrong. We need to observe for two more days. I originally wanted Mingyue to go and take care of Yuzhang. I can't rest easy or Why don't you take him with you? Will I really be able to go to the future world to see my mother? All the same Sixth Sister, I'll take you to see Mother. Sixth Sister, let's go find Mother together. I'm not free this afternoon. Come pick me up again tonight. Even if you have time, I can't let you go. They're dressed like opera singers. They were surrounded by onlookers as soon as they went out. Then buy me two outfits. I'll arrange it for you in a couple of days. We have to go. Second Aunt and Lychee are still waiting for dinner. Go quickly, go quickly! Don't keep them waiting. Let's go, Yuzhang. Why don't you sit down for a while? Adaptation Let's go again. Young man, is this the future world? Yes, this is the world a thousand years in the future. We slept up there. That's a sofa. That's a television. Don't let Sixth Sister get confused. Young man, where is my mother now? In the hospital If you have no problem We'll go there now. I want to see my mother right away. Okay, I'll go get the takeout food. Young master, what do you think of this? Is it alright? Not bad, not bad It looks really good I'll come, I'll go. I want to try it first. The four sons decide whether it tastes good or not. I want more pot! Don't eat it yet, take it back to the hospital and eat it with your mother. Let me do it. Yu Zhang, get on the bus! Give me the food. Ah, okay. Shall we sit here? Hurry up! This iron box can move on its own without being pulled by oxen or horses. Hey, let's go! Young man, I can hear my sister's voice! This is what they call a telephone capable of transmitting sound over long distances. The world a thousand years later has been so drastically changed. How about it Am I feeling unwell? I'm fine You'll get used to it eventually. You saved Mother It's not about saving them. I just came here for treatment. Is the cricket almost here? Almost there! Almost there! Grasshoppers aren't fun. Why is my brother wearing this? This can protect us from getting sick. It's not that you're sick, you can go soon. Sweetie needs medicine Being sick involves more than just taking medicine You still need to get a shot. I don't want to be sick anymore Just don't get sick People in the future dress so strangely. Where did you buy your clothes, classmate? My sister is socially awkward My brother asked me to come. We four are really amazing. What did those two young ladies ask me just now? They asked where you bought your clothes. People in the future will greet each other this directly. Mother, I've come to see you again. Come quickly to your mother's place. Ah Liu Sir is here too. Mother, why are you here too? I was worried, so I came along. They're so big now. Don't cry, Mother is doing very well. Sixth Sister, don't touch Mother's hand. It will hurt; this is for IV drips. Better treatment effect The medicine could actually flow from his hand into his body. It'll get cold if we don't eat it soon. Wipe your drool. Yeah, no need to help. Mother can walk by herself It's alright, I'm willing to help my mother. The young master's cooking is delicious. The children are in for a treat! I didn't do this. It was made by Yu Shu Hongxiu Learn so fast? The two children are smart Mother eats meat Thank you to the four of us. Four good boys, you eat too. Mother, eat quickly. More than just sound transmission We can also talk face to face. I'm going to buy Yuzhang a cell phone this afternoon since I have nothing to do. Let's buy Yushu and the others a tablet computer. I can still leave you behind Cheng Yang also went. Yes, thank you, young man. I don't want it. It's worthless if it's not worth anything. It's good to play with. Yu Zhang, you can call me brother too, thank you, brother. None of them are outsiders What are the four looking at? Milk tea sold out We'll talk about it next time. I want ice cream. The ice cream is sold out. My brother also There's something even better up ahead. I couldn't eat any more after eating ice cream. Buy things first Okay, let's buy things first. I want a mobile phone Three tablets By the way Do you have a phone number suitable for my two younger sisters? watch The baby is too small Not suitable for wearing Auntie, we haven't bought any delicious food yet. Hmm, haven't bought any delicious food yet, haha. I had forgotten about it if you hadn't mentioned it. Auntie, you eat first. Babies are so good, you eat! Okay, crickets are the best! I want to go out and play again next time. You little rascal, you just want to eat. Auntie, I brought you some delicious food. What did your brother buy for you this time? It's a cheese stick. Super delicious, Mom, eat it! Fragrant and sweet Brother is back Ge Yuzhang Your phone Thanks, bro, I already said it. No need to be polite with me Second Aunt, I'm going back to pick up Second Uncle. Be careful on the road Why aren't you lying in bed, Your Majesty? Your Majesty need not help. I'm fine now. In the past, I would lie in bed for half a month after the onset of the disease. It's only been two days. I feel completely relaxed this morning. As if I'm not sick Good, good, your second aunt is completely cured. We'll have to wait for the results of the follow-up examination. The doctor will arrange it. You brat, your second uncle has something important to discuss with you. Let's sit down and talk. Auntie, the cricket doesn't call me "brat," okay, okay, okay. Auntie was wrong Auntie, eat quickly! Go play with your second sister. Auntie and brother were talking about serious business. The extent of my second uncle's disaster has been investigated. More than 100,000 mu were affected by the disaster. More than 80,000 mu More than 80,000 mu of land suffered crop failure We need nearly 10,000 kilograms of potato seeds! Is it difficult to handle if there are too many? I'll think of a way. It's not impossible. Actually, you don't need that much. Planting only potatoes is too risky In case of failure and missing the planting season, I... The plan is to plant 20,000 mu first. The rest of the land is still used for growing wheat. The Emperor's consideration was indeed thorough. The pressure is much less now. Okay, I'll contact the seed company tomorrow. Try to be as fast as possible Don't miss the farming season How much do seeds cost? I'll have someone send you gold and jade instead. No rush, I have enough money. Your Majesty, it's getting late. It's time to go back and rest. No rush, I'll sit for a while longer. Even if His Majesty is not tired Young master must be tired too. Let the young man take you home. The children should go to sleep too. Uncle, I'll download some dramas for you to watch. TV drama Similar to what the four sons saw Acted by real people This is Cao Mengde He looks like this No, this was acted by modern people. Not a real person Can I take this home to look at? I'll download a few more episodes for you. Auntie, I'll take Uncle back first. Go quickly. The little glutton still dreams about food. Auntie, I want to eat more small cakes! It feels great, my whole body feels comfortable. I want to go for a walk after my injection today. Wait for the doctor to make rounds and ask about the situation. Mom, let's go to the market. I'll buy you and my second uncle some clothes. Too eye-catching I also want to go and see. You look great! It feels pretty good I don't feel uncomfortable The whistling sound can be heard completely. The recovery is amazing! Doctor, may we go out today? My second aunt was feeling very bored in the hospital room. In principle, patients should not leave the hospital without permission. However, she recovered well. Just ask for leave and leave the hospital. Don't stay too long The doctor just left impolite to answer the phone I'll come back later. The patient has not yet registered their information. Report it as soon as possible Okay, thanks for reminding me. The doctor agreed that we could go out, right? I'll go get the leave slip from the head nurse in a bit. Has Your Highness woken up yet? I saw you called but didn't answer. I cried. I didn't expect the four children to be so attached to their older brother. Please don't cry. You were still asleep when your brother left this morning. I want you to sleep a little longer The doctor just now I can't answer the phone. You never even took me with you. I can't act like a little girl. Okay, okay, brother was wrong. I'll take Sizi with me wherever I go from now on. The four sons call, and the older brother answers anytime, okay? My brother keeps his word. Don't lie to me again. My brother has also left me behind. I'm not happy either. It's the older brother's fault. Bring both babies I'll come pick you up after Mother gets her injection. Just by relying on these drops of medicine It can really cure my mother's illness I'm so inspired, let's go buy breakfast together. I picked up Si Zi and Cheng Yang on my way. I won't come up. If you need anything, just press the call bell by the bed. You guys go I'll keep an eye on it. Bro, can I buy things with this too? Of course, whether you want to try it or not... This looks so amazing! Just enter the amount and confirm. Oh my god, this is so convenient! This has only become widespread in our area in recent years. I'll pay you back the money and the medical expenses later. Why are you being so distant with me? I'll get angry if you bring it up again. Okay, okay, let's not talk about it anymore. The hospital is right across the street. You go straight back to your ward. I went to pick up the child. Brother, I understand. Drive slowly. Honey, you're finally back! Brother, we've been waiting for you for so long! The young master has already reheated breakfast several times. The two young princes insisted on waiting for you to return before they would start eating. If my brother isn't here, I'll eat first. Guoguo said he'd take us everywhere he went. That's what I said to my brother. It was my brother who said the wrong thing. I will never let you eat alone again. After finishing his meal, will my brother go see his mother? My second aunt finished in the afternoon. The potato seeds matter cannot be delayed. Wait a while after eating My brother has important business to attend to. Why don't you go play on the slides at the indoor playground first? Young man, do you have time to teach us how to use a tablet? Yes, there is such a thing. It's very simple. Do you two know how to read? We all recognize I want 10,000 jin 2,000 jin 3 jin 5,000 jin 10,000 jin Okay, I'll transfer it to you now. I have already signed the contract. The down payment has been paid. The goods have been ordered. There's still no sign of a suitable warehouse for storage. Grasshopper, what are you doing? After finishing this matter, my brother went to see Mother. I need to buy potato seeds. We need to find a warehouse to store it. Yeah, I've got my eye on it. You help your brother look. Do you know how to read? I know him. I recognize everyone on this. The Emperor and Empress were well-read. My child can recognize words at the age of two What is the pronunciation of this character? Remember what you've seen! Say it again. See below for all the details. That's your way of understanding it. So you don't know anything about it, right? The cricket discovered it. Brothers, what are you looking at? View rental information Go to the hospital after reading If I can't find a suitable one, I'll have to go through a middleman. It's near the villa. drive for ten minutes Perfect! Hello hello I see you have warehouse space for rent. Yes, the warehouse is still there. Send me your location. Big brother, it's you? I am Lin Xiaomeng I was wondering why her voice sounded so familiar, Xiaomeng. It's Xiaomeng, okay? Send me your location I'll go see now. Ready to go! Grandma is gone. Let's go out and have some fun! Grasshopper, where are we going? Go see the big house It's a warehouse. Are you going to see the pretty lady who just called? Hmm, is she prettier than Aji? Well, you've seen this before. Big Brother is here Having a car is fast They arrived before me I'll just wait and see nearby. I came right after receiving the call. Hello, sister Hi, it's me again, you two little sisters! Why not rent such a new warehouse? The boss expanded the scale They moved to another place. Okay, this is fine. Let's sign the contract. I'll talk to the landlord. Online prices are inflated Okay, then hurry up. The landlord's warehouse Please give me a fair price. My friend rented Okay, okay, okay I got you a bottom price. Let's sign the contract then. Brother, you've made me money again. Let me treat you to dinner. Let's skip the meal. Please find someone to clean this place. I'll arrange it right away. Brother doesn't need that much You can keep the rest. I need to go to the hospital. Call me when you're done cleaning I trust my brother to handle things. This is my lucky charm! It must be done Goodbye, beautiful sister Goodbye, little sister. Mother, we've come to see you! Where is fun for my mother? Why don't you two talk to your mother? I acted as a guide for my mother. Cow Guide Cow He was referring to the tour guide. It means taking you out for a trip. So that's how it is. Did you do the nebulization? I finished it around 10 o'clock. I had already prepared the leave application when I came over. We can set off now! Yay! You can go have some fun now. Okay, Mom, slow down. The four children don't need to be so careful. Mother, let me help you. I always thought the Taiji Hall was the most magnificent building. Compared to this, it's nothing at all. Mother is gone. This is too big Compared to the Tang Dynasty This place is simply a fairyland. Mother, you can't say that here! I understand. The cricket didn't even ask. They want to drink milk tea. I said they were sold out. They didn't believe it. How did my brother know they were sold out without asking? These two little girls are getting harder and harder to fool. You can't talk to your brother like that. I heard that milk tea is not suitable for children. I'm just fooling them. You child Omnipotent The young man was stumped by the two children. Let's go ask. My brother is the best. Yes, my brother is the best. I'll be fooled by you two sooner or later. It's also a good opportunity for my second aunt and Yuzhang to try something new. Do you still have milk tea? Little sister, would you like some? Brother, did you hear that? I heard it, brother heard it. Cannot drink milk tea Is drinking pure milk good for milk? Two drinks, please. Slightly heat the milk You two decide what you like to drink. Lychee helped introduce Drink slowly, is it too hot? Wow, this tastes so good! Brother, I've finished drinking. They drank it way too fast. Why are you looking at me? Sister, is this delicious? Of course it tastes good! Sister, I want a sip too! No way, my older sister is the best! Can I have a sip? Hmph, this little girl is so flexible and resilient when it comes to getting a stutter. Even pouting won't work Children should not drink this. If you don't want to drink, then don't drink. My sister is no good at all, haha. You changed your attitude way too fast! Can I have a sip of my fourth drink? Second Aunt, drink it yourself. One glass of plain milk is enough for her. Mother drinks it herself. I don't want four children. You can have these. Thank you, sister. I've already drunk them. Let's go see other places. Buy more if there's something delicious. Mmm, this is so much fun! Where are my mother and the others? Mother was still behind. My older sister will teach them. How did my brothers get up there? Take one step first Lean forward Don't fall backward This thing looks kind of scary. Mother, don't stare. I still think it's not a good idea if I get dizzy. Mother, I'll go first. Be careful, Jade Chapter This thing is really good. My second aunt is dressed in women's clothing. See what you like Mother's clothes The clothes here are completely different from those in the lobby. Just buy whatever looks good to you. You mean They were also from another time. There aren't that many time travels. Many people simply like to wear traditional costumes. Second Aunt, you can go around by yourselves. I'm not really suitable. I need to find an excuse to slip away. I took my four sons to Chengyang to play. Just call me after you've bought it. Okay, thank you for your hard work. I never expected underwear to look like this here. I don't know if it will be comfortable to wear. Underwear can be openly displayed in the world People just treat these as ordinary clothes. They're even wearing such short pants. We're just not used to it. Mother, this suits you perfectly. You can give it a try. There are fitting rooms over there. Forget it, it's too much trouble. Let's give it a try. We're already here, so let's give it a try! Mother, this dress is so beautiful! Beautiful! Beautiful! Mother is so beautiful. You two are good at making me happy. Mother, if you don't believe me, see for yourself. Or just buy this one. I definitely need to buy this. We need to buy you, Ah Ye, some clothes too. This was specially instructed by the young master. Okay, I'll call my brother. Brother, come play! Brother, come feed me! We've bought the clothes. I want to buy a set for A-Ye too. Okay, I'll be right there. Let's go buy clothes for Grandpa. Let's come again sometime, okay? Okay, sure. Men's clothing is on the fourth floor. Let's go up and take a look. Is Second Aunt tired? Let's take a break if we're tired. Let's go, it's alright. My mother asked me to come. The four of them are really troublesome. I told him how diligent he was What a little glutton! Hehe, I don't believe it. Throw away my older sister's too. There are real ones in there. snort My older sister lied to me. Go throw it away quickly. The four sons are really diligent. Then, Sixth Sister, I'll go throw it for you. Thank you, Cheng Yang. Sixth Sister, you're welcome. Cheng Yang is also a diligent child. Do you want to change into pretty clothes? I still prefer the way things are now. Okay then, you can change it whenever you want. Is the cricket buying Grandpa some nice clothes? Yes, how about we four help choose? Sportswear is not acceptable Dressed like a gym instructor With four sons How about this? Grandpa likes the smooth texture. There's nothing wrong with the emperor wearing a suit. Second Aunt, what do you think? I believe in the young master's judgment. I'm sure I'll like it. Okay, then we'll take this set. Grandpa has some nice clothes now. Okay, give them all to me. These clothes are not heavy. Oh oh oh Take it yourself. Why don't you guys buy a bag to put your phones in? It'll be more convenient. The kind that girls carry on their shoulders Isn't this going to be too much of a waste for the young man? My aunt is alright, she's not worth much money. Brother, I want one too! Girls love bags regardless of age. This is for adults. I'll buy you kids' ones later. Big Brother's warehouse is all packed up Okay, I'll be there in a bit. You go back first. Is something the matter? Didn't you want to buy potato seeds? I found a warehouse You've really worked hard. Second Aunt, you're welcome. It's almost time. Let's go back to the hospital first. Big brother, you've arrived! Come and see! When we have nothing to do, we in this line of work often clean up. Yellow Diapers The urine is so clean! Okay, I'll be going then. Slow down, Aunt Me too! Me too! Me too! Okay, I'll take you guys with me. Aunt is the best I'll bring the food back later. No need to buy What do you two want to eat? Auntie, I haven't decided yet. No rush, think about Cheng Yang slowly. I'll eat anything. Young master, dinner is ready. Okay, I'll go back and get it now. It smells so good, let's eat! Second Uncle should be in the palace. I picked him up so we could eat together. Also good Grandpa will be here soon. Let's eat first, that won't delay things. Empress How do you feel? Nothing's wrong, I went out for a walk today. The doctor said this morning I can have a follow-up appointment tomorrow. If the follow-up examination shows no problems, the patient can be discharged. I can go back tomorrow. The doctor said there's nothing wrong. Let's eat first, okay? We also bought clothes for His Majesty today. Go back and try it. Aye is here. What are all these things? This is a suit It feels like it suits you perfectly. Wearing this really helps. Do you want to see? Second Uncle Let's go back. You're having a follow-up appointment tomorrow, right? Can I come tomorrow? It's just as well that there's no court session tomorrow. I can pick you up first thing tomorrow morning. Put on the new clothes Cheng Yang, get up! Four sons, wake up! Okay, the four of them have eaten. Eat, eat Let's go to the palace to pick up Grandpa first, then have dinner, okay? Yeah, I'm hungry. What are you laughing at, you brat? You didn't buy these clothes. The clothes themselves are quite nice. Wow, that's quite a contrast! It's like she's wearing makeup but hasn't changed out of her costume. Uncle, you shouldn't wear that on your head anymore. I won't get this on my head This is where you live. Auntie, look here. What is this for? Hehe, is it fun? No wonder you love living here Let's go to the hospital first. We'll visit them more slowly when we get back. Yes, yes, let's go to the hospital first. I think these are all made of glass, right? This is called tempered glass. Unlike glass What are you doing tying them up? Fasten your seatbelt To prevent you from being thrown off when braking. How can taking a car ride be so dangerous? This car can run as long as it has electricity and gasoline. How are these roads built in the air? They are all built with reinforced concrete. Like the buildings on the roadside reinforced concrete Second Uncle is interested I'll gradually introduce you to it later. Wow, this car is going way too fast! Much faster than riding a horse This is the city center. If you can't run fast, you'll be faster on the highway. Can one travel a thousand miles a day? A thousand miles can be covered in just over two hours. A thousand miles in more than two hours This is not the limit. Dad, I have a car. I also have a car What are you looking at? Come this way. I am merely examining this later era with a critical eye. The woman's clothing That's incredibly daring. Ah-ye, come in quickly. Ah, this is called an elevator. What can this thing be used for? Aye, you can go up there. Going upstairs this This brings us to the point about Hurry up, my second aunt and the others are waiting. Mother and Mother Ye are here. His Majesty has arrived. Is it not good-looking? Grandpa looks good in everything. You child, you always tease me. The Empress also thought it was quite good. Your Majesty need not worry. That's good, now it's dripping into the body. For those that flow into the blood vessels Don't move, don't move. Doesn't this hurt? It really doesn't hurt. Grandpa and Grandma, time to eat! Your Majesty, please wait. I'll bring it over for you. Come, let me feed you. I can eat it myself. Mother, you can eat the ones I peeled myself. The four sons shared their heartfelt wishes. The Empress must not disappoint. Good Mother Hehe, good. Please send it over as soon as possible. You've worked hard, you brat! The first batch of goods should arrive in a day or two. My second uncle had also made arrangements for transportation in advance in the lobby. Don't worry about that. I need to take the patient for an MRI in a bit. It's just to go for a follow-up examination. Let's see how the recovery is going. Oh, you two are waiting for your check-up in the ward. There are too many people over there I can't take you there Then you should fly here quickly. Okay, let Auntie go in by herself. This thing is harmful to the human body. They definitely don't let people in. Be careful not to hurt this thing. Is the Empress alright? How was it checked? Just lie still if you have nothing to do. Doctor, let's look at the results. You've finished checking, right? Let me see. This is the examination result. No abnormalities The recovery is ideal. Can I be discharged now? Give me a discharge certificate I can go home after completing the formalities. It's black and white on it. How can you tell if someone is sick? I don't understand either. Only a professional doctor would see this. The medical skills of later generations were truly so miraculous. Go and tell your second aunt. Pack your things I went to complete the discharge procedures. Is Guoguo buying milk tea again today? I just drank it yesterday That won't work today. Brother, I want to play this too! Brother, we can Want to play that? Do you want to push your own cart to buy things? I don't want to run too fast What is this thing used for? Put the purchased items in the shopping cart Wow, slow down, slow down! Don't run so fast Grasshopper sucking brain stick Do you want to eat? I remember to release the cricket. What are these? I didn't see these when I came yesterday. Just some delicious snacks We should go buy groceries. Nephew Isn't this alcohol? To my second uncle Want to buy two bottles to try? Buy two bottles to try. I'll go to the counter over there and buy a few bottles later. Okay, no problem These look pretty good to me. How about these two? Not bad Take a bite and have some. Auntie put it here These modern wine bottles are quite exquisitely made. There were so many live seafood! The four-headed crab will forgive you! Auntie, I'm scared Haha, you won't be afraid once you're familiar with it. Nephew, feel free to take anything from here. No need to pay Take it directly How can you take someone else's things for free? The auntie selected the items and went to the entrance to pay. That brat is always joking with me. Why don't you pay for your sinecure job? This little square can actually be used for payment. How could they dare do such a thing in broad daylight? This is normal here. Yes, it's very common here. Second sister and the others are bullying people. You two come back soon! My aunt is bullying me. That person is trying to bully people. Let's not watch cannibalism; it's too horrible. Jiang Yan, can you drive this car in the Tang Dynasty? Can Then could you buy me one? It's possible, but refueling and charging are quite inconvenient. Second Uncle and Second Aunt, please sit wherever you like. I went to the kitchen to cook. Do you need our help? I can help with the crickets too. This room is beautiful. No wonder the two kids are so clingy. That brat Grandpa, you've forgotten again? Grasshoppers don't smell bad. Kid, good, good, good Grandpa was wrong. Where is the toilet in Liz? At the corner of the corridor Jiang Yan, it's extremely urgent! How do I open this belt buckle? Hahaha, Second Uncle, you've finally met your match! Stop laughing, I'm going to make a fool of myself. Suck in your stomach and then turn on the switch. I'm about to burst! This is useful, trust me. Otherwise you'd really be in trouble today. I'll go first. Father and Mother must wash their hands before eating. Hands have bacteria Father's hands were clean, with nothing on them. No, bacteria are invisible. My brother would never lie to us. Good, good brother, he doesn't lie. Dad washes. Mother also washed Aye used this to wash Smells nice after washing Handwashing Look, it's all bubbles. You can't eat this. Good mother has remembered. This stuff isn't slippery at all after washing. You must be starving. Eat slowly Lala Dad, is this good to drink? So satisfying! Father is lying. It tastes good, so why is it like this? It's delicious, thank you brother! Young man, eat quickly! I'll feed them. fine No wonder the kids always say it's cool here. I don't sweat even when I drink strong liquor. I was just planning to get a commercial air conditioner for my second aunt. The doctor said that my aunt's illness was largely related to the hot weather. What to do when there's no electricity in the lobby? There are solar panels Where there is sun, there is electricity. Oh, it really works? Don't worry, I'll definitely install it for my second aunt in the next couple of days. Okay, just tell me how much it costs. We'll talk about the money later. My dear nephew, there are still many things to do in the court. You take us back. I need to go back and visit the palace after a few days away. Okay, I'll take my second uncle and aunt back right away. Yu Zhang, you stay here and keep Li Zi company. Second Auntie, don't worry. More people make it lively 4 sons riding sheep Can I play with Sister 6? That's a carousel. I've never seen Yuzhang smile so happily before. Fourth Brother Changyang is going out for a while. Be good at home, okay? Didn't my brother say he'd take us everywhere he went? My brother mentioned it. My brother went to buy solar panels; that's the important thing. Okay, your brother's gone, so you all need to be good and behave. Brother, I will miss you. Okay, okay, brother, you should separate soon! My brother is going to bring us delicious food! You two little gluttons... My dear brother is the best! Do you need us to go with you? I'll be right back without you having to go. You keep an eye on the children. We have high hopes for the four boys and Cheng Yang. Goodbye, a 3-horsepower air conditioner consumes about 20 kilowatt-hours per day. At least 20 boards need to be installed. No problem, you can install a few more and other appliances will work. One board is 2.5 square meters. Is your space enough? Rest assured, the area is definitely enough. Could the palace courtyard really be short of a few dozen square meters? Grasshopper, when are you coming back? I brought you a gift! Is it gold? I won't tell you for now. For the enlightenment of the four sons and Cheng Yang My brother is back! He's back! Guess what delicious food your brother brought back? All you know is eating. What exactly is it? happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day happy day Your brother teaches you to push forward and run. Let's go inside and play. It's hot outside What is he carrying? This is a private tutor hired for Si Zi and Chang Yang. This is a strawberry. Then try pressing it. Strawberries It can actually talk! You don't recognize numbers We'll use this to learn from now on. It's much more interesting than what the teacher taught. Sister, I know this person, Nianyi. Brother, I've never seen any of these animals before. After I finish these last two days, I'll take you to the zoo. Bro, what's a zoo? It means putting each A place where different kinds of animals are kept together for people to see I want to go to the zoo! I want to go too. Jiang Yan, please sign your name. This is an air conditioner. It won't get hot after installation. Are you in such a hurry to put it on? You've been busy all day. I have things to do tomorrow Install it if you can today. Brother, I'm going too. I need to show my mother the new car. I also have a new car Hey, Mother Look at the new car my brother bought me! It was your brother who bought it for you again. Yeah, my second sister has some too. It also applies to me. What are those two big boxes? The air conditioner can be used after the solar panels are installed. This is the money for you. Don't complain about the small amount Not so many What do you need this cardboard box for? I want to play hide-and-seek Brother, I want a box to play with too! Stop immediately Stop grinding Stop playing with it, the sound is too jarring. What's wrong? Doesn't this voice sound nice? It sounds awful. Brother, I'm going to the Taiji Hall to ride my electric bike. Okay, you guys go have fun. Go Let's go, Sister Lychee! No need for formalities, what are you two doing here? I rode my electric bike back. Princess Xinyang has arrived This thing can even talk. Yu Zhang came up I'll take you back. A-Jie is done let's go Your Majesty, this thing is amazing! Li Zhi, come back soon! You rode away on a We can't just leave this car here, can we? Dad, are you really sure you can ride this thing? Zhen Shanqi Electric bikes in the community can be a problem for me Never turn it to the right. That's the accelerator. Hehe, I won't touch, I won't touch. I'll just take a look. You'll just twist this and leave, right? The harder you twist the accelerator, the faster the car goes. Is the Emperor alright? Auntie, are you alright? It's alright, this little guy has quite a temper. Thank goodness, that was so embarrassing! Sister, can you teach me how to ride? Don't twist the accelerator too hard. Okay, slower, slower be safe My sister moved! I am actually inferior to the Emperor. I will return to Jinyang Garden first. Lizhi, when will your grandfather return? Back and forth to the Empress Dowager Grandpa has already returned. I'll be there soon We need to hide! It gave my grandfather a fright! Please install the air conditioner yourself. It wasn't hard work and it was installed quickly. What about Si Zi and Cheng Yang? Why didn't I see it? They didn't come. What's in these two boxes? Babies are all good things Your Majesty, you'll know once you open it and take a look. Oh, Father! You little rascal HAHA, Dad, open that again and take a look. Hehe yo wei It terrified me. Oh, look at my car! Ah, what is that? There are even cars this small! Aye, this is the remote control my brother gave me. Can Aye play with it? Dad, how do you play this? This is both forward and backward. Father's side is in charge of left and right directions. Oh, it's that simple, haha. This little thing is quite fun. This thing is so interesting! Father, give it back to me. Ade is good at it Let's play a little longer! Okay, Dad, you can play now. Let's go outside and play. Ah, this car even has lights! Why didn't Aye see it? Where is the light? The auntie pressed this little button and it lit up. Is the power out? Auntie, I haven't played yet. Uh this Four, you're messing with me, aren't you? I don't want my sister. My aunt and uncle played with my car until the battery died. I didn't expect the power to run out so quickly. I'll charge it up after I finish eating. brat My aunt's car battery died. I almost forgot to charge it first. Have you found a place to put the potato seeds? The palace has nothing else There are many places Solar panels need to be installed on the ground. Need to reserve some space I don't understand that. You see what I'm doing. What are you doing so early in the morning? What time is it and I still can't pay? Quickly send me back to court. So what if it's late? The courtiers are still waiting, hurry up and go! You have to let me brush my teeth, right? You'll come back after you take me there. This is so damaging to my image I'm definitely going to be late today. Don't worry, I'll drive you there in a bit. That's a good idea. Oh, don't be afraid. It's me and His Majesty. Haha, hold on tight! Forming a protective array This situation can only be resolved by the Emperor. Get out of my way, I'm in a hurry to go to court. Quickly make way for His Majesty Let's follow. To avoid further misunderstandings Ah, Big Black Look what that is! I've never seen it before. I don't know if there is any danger. What is this Fang Gong? This old man has never heard of such a thing. Too bizarre All step back, it is I. You brat, get down here right now! Who are you calling a brat? Don't I have any pride? Come down quickly Your Majesty, good morning! Isn't this my nephew? This is Fang Xuanling, the former official. Fang Gonghao This is Big Black. Speak properly Living door gods Post photos directly during Chinese New Year Hisashige Koro-kun Daimyo It's a pleasure to meet you today. General Yuchi was very polite. This is Duke Qin Shubao of Yi State. The two door gods have become a pair. Alright, let's go into the hall. Your Majesty, please don't worry. The bells and drums haven't rung yet. This is a once-in-a-lifetime scene. Nephew, may I touch this car? Cheng Shibo was fine despite touching it. It sits on its antennae What Fang Gong said is absolutely right. Nephew, what's the purpose of this circle? The steering wheel controls the direction of the car. After you've touched me, let me touch you too. Young man, what kind of material is this? It's like glass art. Hehehe, can I sit here? You rent my shop Rent halved The rent is only a few dollars. Why not do someone a favor? Uncle Cheng is too kind. Just sit down for a moment It's alright, I'll wait here for you after court. Nephew, please wait a moment. We'll be right back. Thank you, senior brothers and sisters. I can wait at most one hour. Absolutely unusable one hour Yes, yes, one hour is never enough. Don't sit in the car. Go inside and wait. Walk, walk in, wait Okay, okay, I can walk by myself. Long live Your Majesty! You little rascal, if you're tired, you can sit here and wait. This spot is practically a podium. A special seat on the side. What matters do you gentlemen wish to report to Emperor Huan and Emperor Ling? You come first, and this will begin. It's completely different from the TV series! Your Majesty, I have nothing to report today. Wei Zheng didn't find anything about me displeasing today. Your Majesty is a wise ruler Actions need no explanation This guy is asking for a scolding. We can't delay everyone's bus ride. So all these people are after Master Jiang's car? Since nothing happened Then let the court adjourn. Your Majesty is wise I didn't see that wrong, did I? The court session ended in just over ten minutes. Nephew, go go go Take a car Young master, you're in trouble. Don't be too polite during sex. Get on the bus! Wow, this thing is really amazing! It can be opened with a touch That's incredible, young man! This is good, this is great. Big Black, you're really fast! Young master, could you please allow us all to try? Uncle Qin is too kind. Please feel free to play. Hmph, these country bumpkins are amazing! This vehicle operates on the same principle as the Four Sons Riding the Sun vehicle. They're just different sizes. That's really great! May I take a picture of my two uncles? The photo is of His Majesty and the Empress, the kind that's really nice. Dear senior brothers Si Zi and Cheng Yang are probably waking up soon. I'm leaving now. Young master, come visit again next time! Good, definitely Where's my second sister's cricket? He disappeared when I woke up. Si Zi Cheng Yang, you're awake. Grasshopper, where did you go? Your brother has gone to see what delicious food he's going to make for you. Oh no, this impromptu story is going to be exposed. Yes, what is it? There will be no surprise if you tell me. Go down and see for yourself. i like it happy Everything you smell smells good. After dinner, my brother went to work in the warehouse. Do you two want to go together? Yeah, I want to go with the cricket! Yeah, me too. I knew this would happen. Two small tail beetles Don't cause trouble, go back to Mother's palace. Just let them play in the car whenever they want. Then Yuzhang and I will go and keep an eye on them for you. The masters have already set off. Don't keep people waiting Boss, you can rest, we'll take care of it. I'll learn how to pretend sometime. Brother, drink some water. There's water here, brother. You take a sip You're sweating. Okay, brother, you've finished drinking. Guoguo, you're hot Is it hot? Brother is not hot It's not hot at all Sweating profusely while lying Guoguoguo, go to the car. The car was cool. Don't delay your brother's work Get back in the car quickly Energy storage has already begun. This is the power generation capacity. You can connect the electricity directly from the distribution box. It's quite simple to understand. Now that we've learned how to fix the electricity in the lobby, we're at peace. Send me another set No installation required Okay, I'll give you an installation manual. Is my brother alright? Okay, brother, go lock the gate. Go home for dinner Brother, the door is locked, how are we going to get out? Do we still need to go through the door? Save two yuan on gas. Two yuan saved whee Where did you come from? From the warehouse My brother was busy all morning Auntie, shall we go back to the villa for lunch? Delicious, full, and happy. Goods have arrived. I'll go pick up the goods. Auntie, are you going by yourself again? Just to receive the goods be right back We worked in the palace area this afternoon. You can bring your mother and the others to find me. Grandma Why didn't you stay there longer? It's too hot here. It's because this girl is anxious to see you. Hehe, I miss my brother! I miss my brother too. The two little girls are so cute! My heart melted Is the installation about to begin? Once installed, the air conditioner can be used. It's so sunny outside! I want to stay with my brother I want to stay with my brother too, hehe. This is so much more comfortable than before. It's so cool, hehe. You can't blow it directly at the air. You will get sick Both wind direction and temperature can be set in this way. Perfect Why is the door closed in broad daylight? Oh, they've turned on the air conditioning. For this thing I was busy all day with my slack job That large black area is all solar panels. Enough is not enough It can also charge electric vehicles. Stop doing all this useless stuff. Just give me 100 cans, you brat. I'll give you 200 cans. Install one in the Taiji Hall as well. Really? Install it if it's convenient for you. If it's inconvenient, then forget it. The court was crowded and stuffy. The electric fan is blowing hot air. Just say you want it. And beating around the bush First, finish dealing with the potato seeds. I'll find some time to work on it. Air conditioning is not urgent I need to go back to the villa and take a shower. Ask about the potato seeds again. Mother and Father We're going home. Goodbye, Grandpa and Mom. Come on, everyone, come eat! There's meat in the food! Brother, hurry up and eat. After a busy day You two are pretty good! Now I can do everything. Young master, you flatter me. I learned it all online. Please try it and see if it suits your taste. Pot of meat Okay, okay, brother will serve you some. My sister and I can come. Sit down and eat. How many potato seeds do you have this batch, brother? 350 tons They don't understand. If the unit is now converted to Dan (a unit of time) It's about 4,500 dan. so much This is still more than the total of 39,000 dan we requested. Pot, eat quickly! Don't rush, there's still plenty of food. Do you want more chicken legs? Brother, pick it up for you. For Mother This little girl is so adorable! Beautiful, sensible, and filial How are you so amazing? Then I will also bring it to my mother. Changyang is also great. Is my second aunt preparing for the postgraduate entrance exam? There are lights and air conditioning Going to bed early is such a waste Where did this big chicken leg come from? I left this for my mother. Good, good, you're all so good. Where is my second uncle? Outside It's so hot. What are you doing outside? I just came in to sit for a while. Feeling stuffy inside Haha, it's stuffy inside. It's not stuffy inside the car. Look at you, all sweaty! I'm just curious. How about I teach my second uncle to drive? I really learned it I'll buy you another one. Driving to the capital It will definitely shock those old ministers. Haha, Second Uncle, are you alright? When will you teach me? Let's do it now, okay, okay. Guoguo, what are you doing? We want to play too! My brother teaches my grandfather to drive. I want to sit down Auntie can't drive It's dangerous to ride in a car. Can't we be together? No, let's go in quickly. The accelerator is on the right. The deeper you press the pedal, the faster the car goes. It's the same as the accelerator lever on an electric vehicle. My second uncle can ride an electric bike. That's not the case. This is the brake. It's essential for slowing down and stopping. Wouldn't it be more convenient to have one foot on the left and one foot on the right? Who is driving and pressing the brake and accelerator at the same time? It turns out that the two don't need to be stepped on together. My second uncle was smart from a young age. No respect for elders This controls the direction. Knowing which way to turn, just go that way. You can drive it by pressing the accelerator, right? Why haven't the crickets and the others come back yet? Yes, yes. It's been quite a while since my older brother started teaching my father to drive. Four sons became Yang Guai The four children will behave. Second sister, shall we go to the side? But my brother said it's dangerous for Aye to drive, okay? Try driving forward first. We'll talk about the rest later. My legs are shaking a little. Relax and slowly release the brake. Now you can step on the gas, right? Be sure to step on it gently. I can drive now! Try the brakes Are the brakes really that good? Second Uncle should go back to sleep. You're sleepy. Go back, okay. I'll drive it for a while longer. I need to drive it back to charge it tonight. We can't leave this place. This car is so much fun! Get off, I'm going back. Uncle, I still have a car What kind of car is parked in my Kuqa? I'll drive it over for you later. You drive first. I'll buy you a new one when I have time. Hurry up and go quickly! I'll be waiting here. There's still enough oil. Lucky, what do you think of this car? It's alright, isn't it? This car looks impressive! Are you still going to practice driving? You need to practice more after you've just learned it. I'm not going to practice with you anymore. The two little ones must be getting anxious. Go, go! Brother, you're back! Let's go home and sleep. Where is your second uncle? Why didn't you come back together? Went to practice driving I just learned it and I'm having a great time. He learned to drive so quickly. It's driving very well. The potato seeds arrived today. I need to get up early Is this Mr. Jiang? We deliver potatoes. You have arrived. It's already here. I'll be right there. Please wait a moment. You two have high hopes for Si Zi and Chang Yang. Potato seeds have arrived I need to go to the labor market to find someone to unload the truck. Go home and give it to us quickly. Be careful on the road, bro. Doesn't the boss need to weigh it first? Uninstall it if you don't need it anymore. Everyone saves time By the way, Mr. Jiang The second batch of goods is already on its way. Thank you for making this trip. It's all over, it's all over. The little one will definitely cry terribly if he wakes up and can't see me. Are you angry with your brother? I was a little angry when I woke up and couldn't see the cricket. You're so easily angered. I'm almost in tears. Are the four brothers still angry with their older brother? I'm not angry anymore. So why aren't you angry? Talk to your brother My sister said my brother had something important to do. My brother is busy with important matters. We're not angry. You two little ones are so sensible! My brother will go home after he finishes his work at noon. It's lunchtime. The cricket came back while we were eating. My brother arrived home around lunchtime. Sister Yu Su I need to eat lunch. You just ate breakfast Why do we need to eat again? The cricket flies over as soon as it says it's time to eat. Silly girl, you won't be able to eat lunch until noon. Brother has a surprise for you. How about I pick you up later to come play? Really, brother? Don't lie to me When has your brother ever lied to you? Guoguo is back! Guess what goodies your brother brought you? "Are you awake, Guoguo?" Guoguo, tell me quickly! Brother, we can't guess. Show us quickly Look, all the other kids say this tastes amazing! Is it for drinking? It must be a drink. Sweet brother, you drink too. Super sweet and fragrant Have you finished unloading the potato seeds? Are there many? It took about a morning to unload Take him to the palace in the afternoon Do you need our help, brother? Even I can't help much. The four sons boarded the train in the sun. Grandma, let's go take a look too. Wow, so many! These look much better than the potatoes sold in supermarkets. They are all carefully selected. No wonder they are all so uniform in size and shape Auntie, I want to see it too! I can't see it either. Now you see? Guoguo, where are we going? First, go back to the palace and ask the Emperor where it is placed. Then go ask your father. Your father and brother are just about to come looking for you. We've been waiting for you to come. Second Uncle isn't attending court today. There is no morning assembly today. Let's wait for the potato seeds. Just finished unloading the truck This way you can bring it over. Have you found a place yet? Let's go! Your second uncle will take you there This place was originally a warehouse. Can you let go? There is enough space. I don't know if 350 tons can be carried in one trip. This is only a small part What happened to my second uncle? Frowning The floodwaters have not receded Muddy roads Fear of missing the farming season There's still a month left before autumn sowing; it's not too late. Hopefully. These seeds must be stored in a well-ventilated area. It's okay to leave it for a few more days. Don't worry, I will arrange for someone to take good care of her. Uncle, where's my SUV? I broke it. No way! How did it break? It just stopped moving while it was running. Where's the car? I'll go check. Over at the Hall of Martial Virtue Where's the key? There was still half a tank of gas yesterday. Why is it empty? How long did you drive yesterday? Not long after it opened It stopped moving before dawn. You opened it all night No wonder I'm feeling so tired today. I stayed up half the night. Can it be repaired? It's broken. It's out of oil. I thought it was broken. Let's leave it here for now. I'll go refuel later. The young man was busy all morning Didn't eat breakfast? The food service bureau prepared the meal. Let's eat here for lunch. Uncle, have a drink with me. Thank you for your hard work these past few days. Why are you being so polite with me? Let's eat at the villa. It's lively with lots of people Auntie Guoguo bought some delicious Waiwai (a type of milk tea). What is YY? This is called Waiwai. I just drank one They wouldn't drink it if they didn't. Auntie, please try it! This tastes much better than wine. A wise ruler Drink Shuangwaiwai This scene is so jarring. I'll ask if they have any stock this afternoon. If you don't have one, go buy a car. No rush, no rush Out of stock in the afternoon After dinner, we went to look at cars. My second uncle likes SUVs Sedan or MPV like mine This won't work, it's too small. Let's get a rugged SUV. Matches your temperament What is hardcore off-roading? This one looks much better than yours. This one looks more pleasing to the eye. Okay, I understand what you mean. This one is much more expensive than mine. There is definitely a difference. Brother, time to eat! Brother eating Now they only call their older brother "brother" for meals, not "father." What 4S store Isn't this for buying a car? That's where they sell cars. I want to see the crickets too. Brother Qieqie, I want to go too! Okay, okay, I'll go, I'll go. Are you worried that your brother won't take you? How could I be sure I'd bring you along? Go check if Grandpa has changed his clothes yet. I won't go. We stayed to keep Mother company. Okay then, you guys stay home. Goodness, these metal boxes are all so impressive! Hello, gentlemen Two children Friendly and beautiful Sister, the little girl is so cute! Hello, this is our first time here. Which car do you like? Let me introduce you Let's take a look first. Let the kids go to the rest area. There are toys and candy Oh no I want to follow the cricket. My sister will go get you some delicious food. How about we give the kids some chocolate? Just take it if your sister gives it to you. You're welcome, just take them all. Auntie, could you please put this away for me? Okay, okay, I'll put it away for you guys for now. Which one does my second uncle find more pleasing to the eye? Are bigger cars more expensive? The bigger the car here, the more expensive it is. Uncle doesn't need to worry about the price. Choose whichever car you like. The bigger the better. I want a big one This idea is exactly the same as the old lady in my village. Our largest is 700 You can take a look. Okay, let's take a look at the 720-bit version. Come this way This is a limited edition of 700 units released on the first run. 3.0T with Hybrid 0-100 km/h acceleration in under 5 seconds What are you chattering about? Sit on it and try it out. No introduction needed Regarding this vehicle, a contract was signed. sign Signing a contract Why aren't you selling? Sell, sell, sell, come this way! all day long happy days on Can't make it today No cars available. That's not a stock car. That was a test drive car. I do not recommend you have it. Then forget it. How long does it take to shunt? It will be very quick, in three or four days at most. Pay in full i like it happy day summer day Sunshine Second Uncle is gone You can drive it away now. It won't open yet, you'll have to wait a few days. That's not a new car. You should try some, cricket. It's delicious, let's go home! How did Your Majesty find it? Your Majesty, let me tell you... That car looked really impressive today. As long as Your Majesty is happy. There are still affairs in the palace. I need to go back early. Okay, I'll see you off. Young Master, what would the princes like to have for dinner? Thank you, Mom, anything is fine. Okay, either way is fine. You two are quite easy to take care of. Don't do it tonight. Let's go out to eat What to eat out hot pot What is hot pot? Let's go, pot! Do you have pomelos? Of course, there's brisk walking. Guoguo has seen You can't eat pomelos These are all raw. Once it's cooked in a pot, it's ready to eat. I'm so hungry! It will be quick, don't rush. Did you cook and eat at the same time, brother? There's a similar thing called "hot pot" in the lobby. Oh, I'll definitely try it when I have time. Let's go get the dipping sauce first, come with me. What dipping sauce? Cooked food tastes best when dipped in these. Fruit Fruit Fruit I want to see, okay, okay. Brother, I saw it. Don't move. Brother will adjust it for you Na na day summer day sunshine The red one is spicy, the white one isn't. Don't get them mixed up This is for dipping meat. The meat will be cooked soon. He spit all over the table. Brother, this meat smells so good! Eat more if you like. Eat slowly, there's plenty to go This stuff tastes way better than hot pot! That's right, that's right. You can't just eat meat Vegetables should also be eaten. So good Brother, I want to eat meat! They'll put more food on your plate after you finish eating. I want to eat that too. Soft, chewy, and sweet Delicious! Super delicious! What does this spicy soup actually taste like? It's so spicy, it's killing me! Quickly drink some water and rinse it off. Ha-jie has turned into a little puppy. Sizi, would you like to try some? Brother, I'm full. I really won't eat anymore. I'm full, brother. I'm done eating. I'm better now, bro. Yes, I'm full. Don't step on this danger Brother, what's down there? This is a manhole cover. Below is a well What if the manhole cover is loose? It's easy to fall in if you step on it. I don't want to fall in! Really smart and has a strong sense of security You can only go when the green light is on. You watch this while driving, right? This is called a traffic light. Stop at red lights, go at green lights Wait a minute when the yellow light comes on. There are even mnemonic rhymes! Hehe, that's awesome! I remembered it after hearing it once. I will also stop at a red light. Green light means go, yellow light means wait. You two are both so smart Look at that little red man Stop when it turns red. We can leave once it turns green. Brother, look! It's turned green! Let's go over there quickly. It's so lively with so many people! Wow, this place is so much fun! Run slowly so you don't fall. The four kids have learned to dance, that's amazing! Haha Bro What kind of dance is this? Square dancing is for physical exercise. No wonder it lacks aesthetic appeal. The four sons rested in the sunshine. Let's go over there Four sons, etc. Run slowly so you don't bump into anyone. The cricket is a dragon, and the dragon is a pig. Pigs and dragons Do you know what that is? What the board said He's not just Longlong Brother will take you to experience It requires 20 coins. The moment has arrived for the four children to witness a miracle. Children Sit down, let's begin! This looks good. It looks pretty fun. Do you two want to do it? Isn't this for kids? Adults can play too You two are kids too. Come quick, pot! I'm not playing anymore. It's not that he stopped playing. It's time to insert coins. I'll do it myself. Just put the coins in. Should we go play with some other fruits? I like playing this Brother, I haven't had enough fun yet! What if there's something even more fun over there? Brother, I can download it myself. Changyang is really amazing Let's go take a look over there. Do the two babies want to play with balloons? The result is so beautiful! Mmm, it looks really good. Give us two. Babies, see which one you like. Auntie will get it for you. You two hurry up! Don't waste Auntie's time Take your time choosing, no rush. Why not set up a stall? I don't have time to go out for a stroll. Sell as many as you can. Have you made your choice? I like them all. They're all beautiful. Then let's buy them all. Yay! One for each person is fine. It's okay, we have many children at home. Take a few more home to play with I really want them all! Okay, give them all to us. Hurry up and fly away, or it'll be gone. You don't need to exert so much effort, it's too tiring. I tied it to my baby's arm so he wouldn't be afraid of flying. Thank you, beautiful auntie. Please sell this headband too. Give us four This also applies. You can choose a style I want the sheep's horns. I've always sold them as cow horns. Auntie, these look like sheep's feet. Then I'll give you two. Worthless That won't do, we have four children. Why aren't you guys leaving? Give one of these to each person It looks so pretty when you wear it. These are the other children you mentioned. They're only teenagers Goodbye, babies! Say goodbye to Auntie Goodbye, beautiful auntie Goodbye, Auntie Why aren't ours lit up? Just turn this little switch on. HAHA tied to a balloon Now I don't have to worry about losing it. Do you guys want to play this? Auntie, what is this? Fishing is so much fun! So fun! I want to play too! Play whenever you want A child can take away the fish he catches at age 15. This plastic fish Take it home and make fish soup. If you can't finish it, you can take it home and continue playing. What is bro doing? Si Zi and Cheng Yang want to go fishing. You can go and have a look. Just let the line down. Brother, can you help me with this too? Not in a hurry Don't lunge forward. This girl had previously fished for a washbasin. The crickets can never seem to find a place to put them. Yes, they don't move. Don't wait for the fish to bite the hook. You need to actively fish for it. I can't catch anything no matter what I do! Let me teach you. The little fish came down! Four kids, look! I can do it too. Second sister is awesome! Cheng Yang is really amazing. Let's go play somewhere else for a while. Auntie, I want to play more! The fruit smells so good! Mmm, I smelled it too. How about we go buy some grilled sausages and have some? What is a grilled sausage? Grilled sausages are absolutely delicious! Hmm, bro Just in time to buy some delicious food The boss wants 4 sticks Okay, 4 grilled sausages Do you want it spicy? No spicy food Okay, just a moment. 7 think 7 Don't rush, little one. Bro, aren't there five of us? I'll just eat the leftovers from Sizi and Changyang. It's not expensive, I can finish it. I can finish it too. You two are too young You can only eat half a stick Should the handsome guy put on an act? Be careful not to burn yourself! Oh, so delicious! Haha, as long as you like it, that's fine. Is this made of meat? It smells so good! This is starch sausage. There wasn't a single bit of meat. It smells so good even without meat. Modern snacks are amazing! The rest for my brother Let my brother eat it. Just try it. Guoguo, don't finish eating. Leave me a bite Brother can eat mine You can eat it. Let's go home! Is His Majesty alright? What happened to my second uncle and aunt? My dear nephew has arrived. Quickly check if your second uncle is alright. I'm curious what the store manager looks like. He poked a hole with a hairpin. Unexpectedly, something disturbed my hand. Can't shake them off Later he fell to the ground. The air conditioner is no longer blowing air. Luckily the power tripped. Otherwise, the Emperor would be in danger. Uncle, you can't just touch this thing. This is 220 volts. If he rises any higher, Chengqian will have to ascend the throne tomorrow. What do you think? What a stroke of luck! What a stroke of luck! From now on, you are not allowed to poke the power strip with anything. You'll die. Did you remember that? Hmm. knew The thing that will save your life Thank you very much Why did the four of them suddenly come over? Mother and elder sister are sorcerers Oh, tell your mother what trouble you've gotten into this time. I didn't! Even if you haven't caused any trouble, your older sister will still beat you up! Yeah, she just wants to beat me up. Okay, let's wait for her to come back. Mother, tell her She carried her inspirational underwear as a bag. No wonder she got beaten up. Have all the potato seeds arrived? Less than one-third Everyone will be here tomorrow. The floodwaters had just receded It will take some time before it can be shipped out. The photos you took for General Cheng and his men last time Is it done? A group of people ask me several times a day I am truly annoyed by this. I've been thinking about potatoes the past few days. It should be better soon, probably tomorrow or the day after. Well then, if they ask me again, I'll have an answer. Have you eaten with your second aunt? I've already eaten. I'll take Sizi Changyang back for dinner first. I'll come over when I have time. My sister will curse me. My sister has already gone back to her room. I won't be angry anymore. My sister won't really beat you up. Or should I sleep with my mother tonight? Mom, shall we sleep with the cricket together? *cough* This kid is just spouting nonsense, haha. Come back with your brother and eat. Stop making a scene here. My brother is going to the warehouse to pick up goods tomorrow. You're not allowed to throw a tantrum once you're awake. This warehouse is rented. It would be so much easier if we could just buy it. This warehouse I rented Is the landlord willing to sell? I want to buy. It was already put up for sale. Previously listed at 12 million Help me find out the bottom price. Cut as low as possible I'm leaving it all to you. This photo was taken in Hengdian. They were all extras. They all have picture frames, right? Come pick it up tonight or tomorrow morning. Okay, thank you for your help. The car that Mr. Jiang ordered for you has arrived at the store. Remember to fill the tank with gas and charge when delivering the car. You can choose any license plate number. President Jiang, rest assured Guaranteed to be completed It's time to go back and see the little ones. You can't catch me. Sister Ai, where are you? Hai Jie, say something! I'm here, hey. Brother Hai, Brother Hai You silly goose, aren't you afraid of getting hurt? I'm not afraid Have all the goods been unloaded and sealed? All 3,000 tons of potato seeds have arrived. We compiled potato planting techniques. See if this works for you. To be more detailed First time planting The more detailed the better Okay, we've been working on perfecting it for the past couple of days. i like it apple Where's my garlic? It was just here a moment ago. You two little brats Watch me teach you a lesson Mr. Jiang's car dropped him off at the door. Please come out and receive me. Okay, get up! Aye's car has arrived. Ayeda Cheche It's the one we went to choose together. Yes, right at the door. All of President Jiang's paperwork is inside. Full tank of gas and full battery This is the car I bought for my aunt. It's too big. It turns out that Auntie likes big ones. My second uncle likes big ones. I fell in love with this one at first sight Let's eat first, then we'll go deliver the car to Auntie. Let's go eat! Guoguo, can I go now? I still need to pick up the photos. Go buy some more things Okay, Guoguo, I'm not in a hurry. Okay, brother, do whatever you want. The cricket went home Yeah, that's what we used to do. Where to live Let's find the landlord, Ya Ye, to sell some things. Grandpa, I've arrived at the neighborhood. More good stuff has been sent to me. That's all, please open your eyes. Excellent, excellent, all top-quality products. It's been so long since I've seen you. Has the car been moved? Indeed, we just moved. I haven't had a chance to tell you yet. Did they make a fortune selling set-top boxes and buy a house? It was just settled I always said buying a house would be a piece of cake for you. You still have six months left on your rent. I'll refund you later. That would be too much trouble for you, Uncle Zhang. These are all minor matters. I'll transfer the money back to you. I finished this last night while working overtime I'm afraid you'll get anxious. Uncle Xitang This name is quite artistic. Is he a famous actor? Just a friend Children recognize Why did you come at this hour, my dear nephew? Concubine, my master's concubine We've come to deliver my second uncle's car. He was in the Taiji Hall The court has just adjourned. You must stay here for lunch after you're done. Okay, let's go to the Taiji Hall to find Second Uncle first. This is also a car What a majestic appearance! This carriage is so nice, it's prepared for our Emperor! This is so grand! The photos I took of my two uncles last time Okay, Uncle Cheng This is your good good good That's so energetic! They look quite decent. Don't touch it carelessly, you can afford to pay for it if you break it. Not bad, not bad, pretty good Look at me, that's what you call dignified appearance. Shameless Who praises themselves? The photos of all my uncles are ready. You guys move aside. I want to test drive the car. Come on down, it's time to show off your real skills! weather is great Ah Ye, you're amazing! It turns out our Emperor has been hiding his true abilities! Basic Operations Finally, I got to show off! Nephew, when do you plan to open your shop? It'll be in the next two or three days. Okay, okay, I'll have someone clean it up properly again. I am grateful for the young master's generous gift We are deeply grateful. Yes, little Brother Lang, just ask if you need anything. My fellow seniors, you flatter me. Hey bro I'm so hot! Why are you sweating so much? The Emperor's order to install air conditioning needs to be arranged immediately. We'll take our leave now. Young master and two princes, please walk slowly. Haha, not bad, not bad. It's so comfortable to drive. Stop laughing! Send us back Alright, I'll take you back to your palace now. I had two sets of solar panels delivered to me. I'll install air conditioning in the Tai Chi shop later. It's so hot over there You decide what to do. I'll do it whenever I have time. Okay, I'll go back and call the manufacturer now. I came back to eat after making the phone call. Everything is arranged. My second aunt didn't want me to teach the royal chef how to cook. I brought two cooks with me. Their cooking skills are better than mine. That's fine, then thank you for your hard work. Wait for me here. Brother, you'd better fly here quickly! We're waiting for our brother. My brother will be back soon. Brother, someone just called looking for you. You guys are incredibly fast! This is nature Get the service first, then collect payment. Cheng Ge All your information is ready. Household registration can be processed now Household registration It is a document that proves your identity. You need to use it when you go out After we left, my second aunt called us to go to the lobby for dinner. Jade Tree and Red Sleeves You two should also go. We also went to the palace Go teach the imperial chef how to cook. Send me two sets of solar panels as soon as possible. It's noon and the goods haven't been delivered yet. It will be delivered later. Please deliver another air conditioner to me. Qieqie was bought by Guoguo. I saw it all. We all went along. The money paid by my brother Grandpa wants to give the cricket money. You can't default on your debts. Give it to me, Grandpa, how could I possibly let you down? What are you doing, bro? Si Zi and Chang Yang are helping you collect your debt. Am I amazing, brother? Brother, I helped too, okay, okay. Si Zichangyang is awesome! This afternoon we Go and get your household registration done. Your second aunt and I both have to go in person. Of course, taking photos on-site is required for this. We also need to change into modern clothes. Okay, let's get it done after we finish eating. Is this okay, bro? Is my brother handsome? Are crickets pretty? Our four sons, Changyang, are also good-looking. Wait a moment, I'll go pick up my second uncle. This outfit suits you very well, Aunt and Uncle. Isn't it beautiful? Even the Empress said this outfit looks good. Can the young master leave now? Let's hurry, or we won't be able to finish today! Guoguo, can we? Is it ugly? Is my brother going to take some nice photos? Yes, yes, let's get on the bus and set off now. Holding events in clusters is too eye-catching We must go to different places Let's get it done first. Auntie, come here. The four children wanted to film themselves. My brother can't go. Look here You look better when you smile! Your eyes should smile too! Don't make things difficult for the child. Come and choose one after you've taken your photos. They all look good, just pick one for me. Relax a bit while looking at the camera. Did you understand? Sister Ai, smile! Why weren't you laughing just now? I laughed. Hehe, do you need it urgently? Should we apply for expedited service? Expedited processing The sooner the better An additional service fee of 30 yuan will be charged for expedited delivery within 7 business days. Is that acceptable? It's acceptable, no problem. I got my household registration The formalities are completed Production will take a few more days. Aunt Guoguo took us to see the giraffes. What giraffe? How come I've never heard of it? The four children were referring to giraffes. An animal I want to take Sizi and Changyang to the zoo tomorrow. The zoo has large zebras and lions. It has everything, including the Big Brain Tiger and the Flying Wolf. Both tiger and wolf Is there any danger? Animals that don't know how are kept in captivity. Cannot hurt people There are such interesting places. I also want to go I'm just worried that you won't have time, Uncle. No morning tomorrow The memorials to be reviewed will be completed tonight. Auntie, should we go too? Good, it's good to broaden my horizons. Yay! We'll see giraffes tomorrow! And a big lion Wait a mininute The solar panels have arrived. I need to go to the warehouse. Can we install the air conditioner after the installation is complete? Yes, we'll take you and your second aunt back first. Go to the warehouse again Second Aunt, could you call two people over here? Find the person quickly. I've met the young man These will be installed in front of the gable wall of the Taiji Hall. We will do our best. When is Guoguo tomorrow? When I wake up, it will be tomorrow. I'm awake now. How can you be awake if your eyes aren't even closed? If I don't sleep well, I won't have the energy to go out and have fun tomorrow. Guoguo, I'm awake again! 4 people are lying You weren't asleep at all. Finally, I got the two little ones to sleep. Time to get up and eat. Time to get up! After dinner, go to the zoo Can my brother go to the zoo now? Wash up and eat Go after dinner Yay! I'm going to see the giraffes! Sizi, let's get up quickly! Auntie, I'm going to pick up Grandpa too! Mother and Brother Okay, then I'll take you all with me. I'll go pick up my second uncle. Second Aunt, wait a minute. Mom, we're going to the zoo. Mother knows Look how anxious you are. Has Uncle's schedule been arranged? Rest assured, you can set off anytime. help me We never used to be so meticulous. It's all from taking care of kids. Can you leave now, brother? Brother, when are we leaving? What's that big chimney outside the window for? That's a cloud generator. He created all the white clouds in the sky. Wow, that's amazing! So this is where the white clouds came from. Stop fooling around and speak properly. That's a power plant The electricity we use all comes from here. What are those white rocks? It generates electricity by heating water with steam. What does it have to do with steam? Solar panels Can't it generate electricity? There are many ways to generate electricity. This is thermal power generation. Coal heats water Steam can drive a turbine to generate electricity. The coal you're talking about is the coal from the Tang Dynasty, right? Is cricket coal tasty? Cannot be eaten Coal purification is simpler than salt purification. I'll write down the method for you when I get back, okay, okay. Has the cricket arrived? We've arrived at the zoo. Why didn't I see the big tiger? I didn't see Dafei or the giraffe either. Just arrived at the door You can only see it after you go inside. Wild Forest Zoo You guys take a look first Si Zi and Cheng Yang I went to the entrance to buy a ticket. This is the ticket. You need it to get into the zoo I want to watch it too! I want to watch it too! One ticket per person Take them all. Mother, look, it's a giraffe! Grandpa, look, this is a big zebra. I've never seen anything like this before. There really are animals that look like this. Why don't you go in and take a look? Let's go quickly, wait a bit. Just hand your ticket to the ticket inspector. The pretty auntie gave us There are 7 people in total. There are 3 more tickets after the 5 tickets. Auntie, here are the rest of the tickets. My brother tore up the ticket. I explained to the child This ticket needs to be torn in half. Everyone is like this. We'll keep the rest as a souvenir. Why are your eyes red? He was upset that the ticket inspector had torn his ticket. Put all the tickets in my brother's bag and keep them safe. Let's go see the big tigers and zebras! Shall we drive this little car in and play? This looks fun. Let's rent a small car and play! Anything is fine with me You can arrange it. We will listen to you. Fasten your seatbelt. Don't move around! Inspiration: Look at the two of them. Don't worry, bro. I looked at them We're about to set off. Ready? The wind cannot be caught That's so interesting! Sit properly and don't stick your hands out too far, it's dangerous. Don't worry, Auntie. I'm watching. There were giraffes and zebras ahead of Sizichengyang. Where is my brother? My brother said it first We haven't arrived yet. You two keep a close eye on things. No, brother, no duck. Don't worry, it's definitely inside. Look, there are animals under the tree! Where are the antelopes? Okay, let me see. I saw several under the tree Wow, I saw it too! Brother, what is that? It should be an antelope Didn't you see the horns on its head? It was just a strange beast with horns. Nothing unusual Why aren't my brothers moving? They should be resting. Let's look ahead again. Second sister, look! It's a giraffe. Really Did the four children see the giraffe? That's a giraffe. Mother, can you see this? I saw it, I saw it. Goodness, no wonder it's called a giraffe. Giraffes are amazing! To be honest, this was the first time I'd ever seen a live giraffe. i like it healthy The young man is coming. It's alright, giraffes are herbivores. Such a large and strange beast exists in the world without harming humans. This is truly an eye-opener. Come here, Lulu, come here! Don't let him come over. It's true that a newborn poison is not afraid of fire. Don't touch it, and don't get too close. I've really learned a lot. Let's keep moving forward. These are all herbivores It will not hurt people Tigers, lions, and other ferocious beasts are in another area. Is that a cow? It doesn't look like it. That's called a wildebeest You can think of wildebeest as a horse with horns. Haha, this thing is really strange. The four sons riding sheep are now facing a zebra. Did you see that? Nana is a zebra Goodness, this pattern! My eyes feel dizzy after looking at it for a long time. These patterns must have been painted on. It's not a drawing. They were born looking like this. The world is truly vast and full of wonders. Is the four zebra fowl cute? Handsome brother, I can get off Play with them? You're not even as tall as their knees! It would be troublesome if someone stepped on it. Don't worry, there's an interactive area at the zoo. Not only can I play with them You can also feed them. Really? Where is it? In another area Let's go after we finish looking at this. Where did these animals come from? I've never heard of it before. The straight-line distance on the African savanna is approximately 20,000 miles. You mean they came from 20,000 miles away? I originally thought the Tang Dynasty was just a fleeting dream. All the world's rarest treasures are at your fingertips I never imagined there were so many higher heavens out there. I'll buy you a blueprint when I get back. Let me give you an understanding of the world situation. Never forget When is my brother going to feed the animals? I'll go right away Do you need to drink some water and rest for a bit? I want to feed the animals This trip to the zoo has far exceeded my expectations. Brother, hurry up and go! Okay, okay, let's go see the hippos first, alright? I remember there were crickets and hippos on the crossroads near my house. hippo You two know a lot of things. Are hippos horses in the river? Even after returning to her mother's house, the daughter was still unclear. A zebra is a horse with stripes. A hippopotamus must be a horse from the river. The cricket is so big! I thought he was about my age. Now do you feel like your mouth isn't even as big as his? This thing has absolutely nothing to do with horses. Why are there no names with the character "horse" in them? Uh, so I wasted all that time thinking about it. Wow, that big mouth could swallow a child whole! It's okay, hippos don't eat children, they only eat grass. Amazing! Children who want to feed hippos You can buy watermelons here. How about we buy a watermelon to feed the hippo? Okay, okay, I'll buy one. Let's buy two One for each of you Just throw it directly into the hippo's mouth. Okay, which of you two will feed me first? Sister Chongyang first Okay, I'll go first. wow It's all your turn. Guoguo, I want to eat too! I want to eat melon. Seeing the hippopotamus eat makes you drool. Haha, okay. After the four children had eaten their fill The rest can be fed to the hippos. Hello, do you have a knife for cutting watermelons? Can we borrow it? There really isn't one. Let's go out to eat. This place is inconvenient. Good Uncle, give me a punch! Eat slowly, don't choke. Sweet hippo, so good! Watermelon every day Is this watermelon for the hippos or for you guys? Being able to feed our four sons, Changyang, is a good deal. It's actually quite delicious! The first time the four met I only ate half a melon. My older sister, the watermelon, just ran into my belly by itself. The watermelon ran into your stomach by itself. After eating the watermelon, should we still feed the hippo? No, I don't want it anymore. So you've eaten your fill and now you don't care about the hippo anymore, huh? Let's continue forward. Let's take a break first. Guoguo walked forward Persimmon is about to see your destined beast! Auntie, what are you saying about it? Your brother said your natal animal is a giant rhinoceros. See the giant rhinoceros There are even rhinoceroses here! Let's go, let's go take a look! Slow down, slow down, don't rush. I want to see rhinoceroses That's a rhinoceros. This is a rhinoceros. Brother, I feel that rhinoceroses and hippos look quite similar. The size is about the same But rhinoceroses have horns on their heads. Hippos don't Si Zijue didn't think the rhinoceros was very strong. Sizi, do you know why you're called that? Mother called me to lie down and think of nothing. Haha, you're right. A name is given by one's parents. But Aunt There's a reason your mother gave you this name. Back when your grandfather was in power Lin Yingguo once presented a rhinoceros as tribute. muscular Full of power Then you came into my life. We hope you are as strong as a rhinoceros. In the Book of Songs, the rhinoceros is also called a si (驷). That's why I gave you this name. That's indeed how it's recorded in historical books. I even saw that rhinoceros that was offered as tribute when I was a child. I've seen it too. Raised in Houhai Pond So, Si Zi is a rhinoceros! The four are our little rhinoceroses I don't believe it! What's wrong with the four children? Why did the four sons get angry? Why are the four children angry? Tell your brother quickly. I am not a rhinoceros It's ugly and dirty. The four sons asked what was wrong with the rhinoceros. He said rhinoceroses are ugly and dirty, right? Yeah, hahaha He covered himself in mud to avoid the sun. Protect your skin I don't believe it, I don't believe it, I just don't believe it! Okay, okay! The four sons said no, so it wasn't. For the four sons Four sons are not rhinoceroses, okay? Stubborn temper I'm not watching Rhinoceros anymore. Let's go see other animals Why are you going uphill? The area ahead is the predator zone. The animals are all free-range. It's safer to walk on the plank road. What kind of ferocious beast? Are there tigers? The tiger park is just ahead. What are they looking at? Is it a tiger? What a big tiger! Did Si Zicheng see the tiger? A big tiger is a big tiger I saw it too. There were quite a few General Li Jing kept this at home. This is the Siberian tiger. Hold your phone safe! If it falls, no one will dare to go down and retrieve it. How did that chicken fly down? It jumped because it couldn't think straight. Where did the tiger go? The tiger chased the chicken and ran far away. Let's move forward Get down and walk by yourself Don't always let your older brother carry you. Okay, we'll go by ourselves. There are big lions in front. Let's go see Grandma See the big lion Don't go there, come back quickly. What's wrong, Uncle? The lion wasn't kept in a cage. Too dangerous Don't go back It's closed. Through transparent glass I don't see anything. You'll know once you touch it. Guoguo's hair is so cool! Haha, that's not hair, it's mane! It really is a layer of glass. That looks terrifying. That's exactly the immersive experience we're looking for. Guoguo, I can't see any tigers! Take another look. Ah ah Is the persimmon alright? Were you scared? There's glass blocking it. It startled me. You scared me to death! You naughty thing! Persimmon is even bolder than A-Ye. Brother, can you go in and hit him? No, no! Brother, don't What are you planning to do, forgive him? Aye retracted what he had just said. Then I'll let him go. Alright, then I'll spare his life. He's really stubborn and won't watch it. Let's go, Guoguo. The herbivore area is just ahead. We can feed the giraffes and zebras we ate before. Giraffe and Zebra Lion, wait for me! Don't fall, buy some food first, hmph. Then buy some delicious food. It wasn't bought for you. It's for animals. Are these the vegetables and fruits? Buy a basket You can feed any animal What is my brother doing? Buying food I'll go feed the animals later. Let's go in and feed the animals now. Lulululu Come here quickly! Let's eat! Let's eat! You can let go now. How about I give you some cookies and bread? I want to eat this. This little foodie even craves animal food. Eat well, try it in Changyang too Brother, I'm not eating anymore. If you don't like it, just throw it to the deer. Haha, how come? The lions have started withholding food from the animals. Let's have the animals taste it first. Feed them a little less, there are still many animals ahead. Okay, let's continue exploring. Grasshopper Ah Zai, go for it! Oh, that's an ostrich. Wow, the cricket and ostrich are huge! I thought ostriches were about the same size as ducklings. Ostrich, come on! He was too fierce. The ostrich just now was eating too fast. No malicious intent I forgave him. We four are so generous. Hey, look, look! It's an elephant! Let's go see the baby elephant! Come on, let's take a look at this auspicious beast. Brother, look how fun it is! I like it so much Feed it an apple. ha Good heavens, you're even skimping on the baby elephant's food! I'll just take a bite. Your brother is laughing at you. Feed the four little ones quickly! The baby elephant was furious. Little elephant, eat quickly! This time it's for real. Just let go. Let's see who can eat faster. It ate mine. Nephew, let's buy some more bananas. You should feed it too. Want good luck May we also share in the blessings of the auspicious beast today. Guoguo, I want to eat bananas too! Can your little belly even hold anything? So sweet and delicious! Mmm, so sweet and soft. This money wasn't wasted. Let's feed you both first. The cricket saw a giraffe again. Now you can feed it. Giraffe, eat up! This guy is really tall! Let go quickly. Were you scared by the persimmon? It almost carried me away. Eat quickly, you won't be hungry anymore once you're full. That makes so much sense. Once you're full, you won't feel hungry anymore. There were a lot of people gathered there. What are you doing? Let's go see what's going on! What kind of animal is this? Can still walk standing up This is called a kangaroo. Animals not native to us Are they fighting? Kangaroos are naturally fond of this kind of playful roughhousing. I can't see Guoguo What are they doing inside? Come, brother, pick me up and let me see. Cheng Yang, let me hug you. Why are they fighting? They're just being disobedient. The two little ones are naughty. Why are they laughing? People are trying to break up the fight. Say "forget it, forget it" Never mind. Stop fighting, it's not easy for anyone. Will it stop? The children have all spoken. You two, please stop fighting. The kid is amazing! He was persuaded in just one sentence. Hehe, I'm awesome, right? A tourist said his belly could be opened to put a child inside. That thing called a baby bag It is unique to kangaroos What amazing animals! The cricket helped me open the Seven Commandments Fruit. Little glutton, can you still eat this? Eat up, you'll have the energy to play with bananas. Awoo awoo Cheng Yang looked at what he wanted to eat. Brother, this is fine for me. Guoguo, I'm going to throw out the trash. Okay, this task is now yours. I'm amazing! The four sons never praised themselves. banana Did you really understand? The main point is something I don't understand. But I listened to everything. Can't your grandfather in Changyang lead you four sons? We must hold hands! Girls shouldn't be kept at home before they're old enough to grow up. Overestimating one's abilities How dare you steal my daughter's brother! Look, it's a little rabbit! This little bunny is so soft and pretty! There are still many here. Come here to play Wow, it's so soft and comfortable! Brother, you should try it! It's really super soft Mother, you should touch it too. Good mother, let's give it a try. He's so cute Yeah yeah Huh What are they doing over there? Chen Yang, come quick! There are good things This little thing is so cute! Strangely good-looking You can tell what it is just by looking at the brand. Guinea pigs are also known as guinea pigs Indian rodents Is that a little pig? Name with pig But it has nothing to do with pigs! Hehe, so soft Can I pick this up and touch it? Just don't hurt or feed them. Haha, it's so fluffy and fun! She is indeed very good-looking. Can I play with Ah Jie for a bit? Be careful not to fall! HAHA Come on, let me take a picture of you. My older brother is a little rascal. so cute We'll go queue up in a bit. Look Look Want to pet the tiger cub or take a picture? Come and line up here to pay! You have to pay to touch this little thing you do not say Half an hour later, I still couldn't find it when I went to pay. Brother, the little tiger doesn't bite, right? They're only a month old. Not all of their teeth have grown in yet. Brother, I want to see the little tiger. Don't be afraid, little one. He won't bite. Wow, the little tiger is so cute! Do you want to take pictures of the two babies? There are other people waiting behind you. Fun Goodbye, little tiger! The little tiger is so much fun! This money is too easy to make. Touch it and you'll be in line. Who can touch a tiger normally? Isn't that strange? If they knew you were the emperor There's a longer queue here. That brat is always making fun of me. Why did Grandpa beat my brother? I don't like you anymore. Okay, okay, Grandpa was wrong. Grandpa, I like you again. Grandpa thanks the four sons. Let's go, let's go. Brother Changyang led There's another one over there that's super cute too. What are they looking at, sister? It turned out to be instant noodles. What? That's a teddy bear. Little Bear, I want to see Brother Little Bear! I want to see it too. Good good good good The four sons should not get too close to the sun. They seem angry. Let's move back a bit. Don't be too far forward Do my brothers not like me? Why were they angry just now? They were scared when you ran over. Standing up is just to act tall and scare you, huh? Why should you stand up if you're afraid? Being big like that can intimidate opponents, right? No wonder they were faking it when they were raising their little paws earlier. Don't let its cuteness fool you That's a ferocious beast! Hehe, can I touch it? It's best not to touch it. It's a real beast! What do they like to eat? Can I feed it? It can be fed There are fruits for feeding the bear cubs up ahead. Thanks, bro, I'll go buy it. Eat up, eat up! The little bear is so amazing! Eat up, have another one! There are only two pieces, one for each of you. Hey, stop hitting me! Nobody's short of a bite You're quite good at mediating disputes. Never mind, never mind, I'm not angry. Haha, the four of them have finally learned how to mediate disputes! Stop hitting him, please stop hitting him! Wow, what rare thing is this now? These two little guys look pretty fierce. This is a little bear. She's quite good-looking. Why fight? Stop it right now! The fight started because the aunties were fighting over an apple. Let's solve it from the root. Go buy apples again I'll go buy some more. Stop hitting! Stop hitting! Eat up, let's go! Go ahead and see the big bear. Where is Big Bear, the older brother? That's the bear enclosure. I want to see the big bear. Did you see that Big Bear is a little foodie just like the four kids? I never imagined their claws could grasp things like human hands. Why are you still watching? My mouth is watering Brother, I want to eat this too. That's what pandas eat. You can't chew it. I just want to eat I'll arrange lunch for you. Bamboo shoots stir-fried with cured pork Ah, this is an alpaca. Don't be fooled by their height Actually, she has a very gentle personality. Should the four children riding sheep feed the alpacas? Mmm, I want to feed you. I want to be fed too! I want to be fed too! Take it Don't take Quickly throw the apple to him. Guoguo, put it in my nest I'll beat him up. That's enough, that's enough. Don't get angry with him. My Western Diary is amazing I almost punched him just now. Go home and wait to do the laundry. Hmm, Lion, can you really beat him? Hmm, Guoguo and the others can't figure it out. Is it fake, or is it a sculpture? It's definitely fake. They didn't move even when they were so close. They usually do this. This little thing is really interesting. It really is alive. The cricket really can move! What do crickets eat? Brother will ask the staff later. What kind of strange fruit is this? This is corn. A type of grain You're saying this thing is actually a type of grain? That's right, it's one of the world's core staple foods. How does this taste? Besides being eaten by humans It is still the most important animal What is the yield of its feed? Good soil can yield more than 1,000 catties. Even the worst ones cost seven or eight hundred. Obtain Tang Dynasty seed Production will decrease But it's still better than millet. Is it possible to cultivate land in the Tang Dynasty? Of course, it has strong adaptability. It can be planted in spring and summer That means we can plant it now. Yes, planting it now is perfectly fine. Then hurry up and get the seeds. Let's try planting some. I'll buy some seeds and bring them to you later. Okay, okay, let's get this done as soon as possible. The crickets can always refuse to eat them. They are like that. I'm too lazy to move when I don't want to eat. Are you so lazy that you even find eating troublesome? People online are joking that they're doing well to be alive. It's okay to wash it. This should be called transcendence. Take a sip It's not good not to wash it. Is Guoguo dead? Is this guy trying to scam me? Did I wash him? This little guy is pretending to be happy. What an interesting little gadget! I've seen enough. Go buy corn I'll go too, grasshopper. Good, good, good cricket Where are we going now? Take your grandpa to buy corn seeds How long will it take for this thing to arrive? 42 minutes for a total distance of 36 kilometers This thing is truly an unparalleled treasure. With it We'll never have to worry about getting lost again when marching or fighting in the future. Oh, what kind of big bird is that? That's called an airplane. airplane Just like the cars we drive Talking is useless He'll understand everything after I take him on one ride. You mean there are people sitting in here? The room was full of people. What is a katydid? Is it a car? Brothers, what are you talking about? It's not a car, it's an airplane flying in the sky. Oh no, it's flown far away! Can't see it It's okay, you can easily see airplanes from this spot. I'm looking for a parking spot. Let's take a look. Where is it? I can't see it. Don't rush, planes take off and land frequently. There definitely will be. Is it that one? That's an airplane. What a huge bird! This is normal. You'll get used to it gradually. Is Guoguo a big bird that eats children? Did the big birds from the zoo fly out? Where are there so many big birds? This is Airplane Brother Can he take people flying into the sky? Cheng Yang is too smart That's the idea. Brother, I also want to fly. I also want to fly. I'll definitely take you guys on a ride in the future. This thing can actually be used as a seat. Of course, we'll know once we ride it. In half an hour, they could cover 2,000 li (approximately 1,000 kilometers). It's definitely at least 1,500 miles or more. Something that moves so fast! If the Tang Dynasty possessed such a divine artifact Why worry about unrest on the frontier? Take the highway back Let us take you to experience the speed of 120 kilometers per hour. Forget it, let's get down to business first. Buy seeds What exactly is the high-speed rail you just mentioned? It is also a means of transportation A very long car Dedicated lane It's also incredibly fast. How long exactly is "very long"? It's very, very long. What are you doing, you brat? Do you see that bridge? That's the high-speed rail track. Is it a white thing? It disappeared in a flash. Yes, yes, that's it. Is it really that fast that this thing is gone? I saw Guoguo too. I also saw white High-speed trains can travel 200-300 kilometers per hour. That's half an hour. about 500 li Some can walk 80 or 90 meters in a second. We'll do them all next time. What's planted in this field? This is what corn seedlings look like when they first sprout. This is the type of corn that can produce high yields. Indeed, the crops were different from those of the Tang Dynasty. You wait in the car while my second uncle and I go down to check. Brother, please come back soon! My brother is not far from here. Hello, I'd like to buy some corn seeds. Were you the ones who called at noon? Yes, I typed it. There are corn seeds, right? Yes yes yes yes The seeds are all here. Come and take a look! Uncle Go Go and take a look. High yield and lodging resistance Highly adaptable Not afraid of drought or flood All I know is farming. I don't know anything about the differences between varieties. You two don't look like farmers at all. Buying corn seeds so late Is it too late to plant corn now? It's a bit late. But this is an early-maturing variety. It can be collected in 80 days As long as it doesn't interfere with the harvest That's fine, how many do you want? How much land does your family own? How many acres of land do we need to cultivate? Okay, let's start with 200 mu. We need 1,000 jin of seeds. 1,000 jin (500 catties), you two are big land-contracting bosses, huh? I'll send you the address, you can deliver it to the city. Send to the city Shipping costs are available. Get more of the other seeds too. Boss, what kind of seeds are behind you? Home-style dishes Pack up everything that can be planted this season. I'm not going to sleep anymore. It's almost dinnertime. Jade Book and Red Sleeve Young men, you're back! What happened? What's wrong? We washed the clothes and they got dirty. What does "dirty" mean? Young master, you should come and take a look. Why is it covered in toilet paper? I must have forgotten to take something out of my pocket. The two girls even went online feeling guilty. It's okay, I just forgot to take out the tissues from my pocket. No, young man We put it in. What are you doing with toilet paper? The video said that putting toilet paper in the container can absorb dirt. Hey, it's okay. It will fall off after drying and shaking. You can't completely trust what's in videos. Don't even mention you guys Even we locals often fall for it. Don't take it to heart. It's okay, just let it dry and clean it. By the way, young master Your package arrived today. The books your second uncle bought for you have arrived. What book New Book of Tang, Old Book of Tang More than 30 books in total Take it home and read it slowly. I want to read books too. Four sons are obedient Read it after you can read it. This book is very valuable. Don't let the little guy break it. Second sister, let's go play on the slide! I'm going to the warehouse to pick up the goods. Go ahead and do your thing, don't worry about us. Where did the clay go? My brother went to pick up the goods. You guys stay home and wait patiently, okay? Crush the clay pot quickly Brother, come home soon. Mr. Jiang, you've moved all the goods inside, right? Just move them all inside. It was done so quickly. It's just unloading cargo. I need to go to the Taiji Hall soon. How's the solar panel installation going? Then I'll go back too. It's a good time to read these books. Let's eat before we leave. No need to eat, you can eat anytime. I need to go back and check on how the money is going. I'll go back with you. Have those corn seeds arrived yet? I just brought it back. Okay, okay, I'll arrange for the Si Nong Temple to try planting it tomorrow. I'll prepare the planting methods for you tonight. Brother, leave this to me and Yuzhang. Okay, then thank you both for your hard work. Where are Grandpa and Grandma Grasshopper going? My brother and grandfather went to the Taiji Hall Mother returned to her palace. I want to go too Then ask your brother if he'll let you go. Grasshopper, take me there! Let's go to Chengyang together. Sister Ai is gone. Go play, brother, wait for me! No rush, brother needs to work. Why don't you go inside and wait? Oh no, we have to follow our brother. Then you should stand further back. Don't get too close Gao Ming is busy and hasn't finished get off work yet. Waiting for Auntie to come back I heard my brother is here. Come over and say hello Brother, what are you doing here? Brother, you've been here all day. I saw a giraffe today. And a little tiger Really? Brother, I'm so envious! I've never heard of any of these things before. My brother took us there. Grandpa and Grandma went too. Gao Ming, you should go and take a look there when you have time. Hey, no need to thank me. How about we go eat together later? So sudden I need to ask my aunt first. Okay, what are you two talking about? I said I'd take Cheng Xian over for dinner. He needs to consult you. Ah Ye Nm I have read all the memorials you approved today. Thank you for your praise, Your Majesty. All the equipment is set up It's all set except for a few fixing screws. The air conditioner can be installed tomorrow. Go back quickly. I'm tired after a long day. Let's go back to Jinyang Garden first, Mother. Why did Gao Ming arrive at this time? I'll take Gao Ming over there to take a look. Have a meal while you're at it The 21st century is different from here, take a look. Why don't you two join us for a meal? I need to take a good look at the history books of later generations. How exactly should I write my... I accompanied His Majesty It's not going to happen anymore. Come back early after dinner Don't disturb your brother's rest Mother, we'll head over there first. We're going to a world a thousand years in the future. Is Gao Ming alright? Are you not used to it? Hey, brother, what brings you here? My brother said he'd bring me here for a meal, bro. Look at our escalator. Brother, the slide is so much fun! Brother, walk by yourself. Anyway, food doesn't have to worry about getting cold in the summer. It's good to let him get used to it first. Ash, do you think it's fun? Ash, do you want to come up and give it a try? No wonder you two don't want to go back from here. Let alone children I really want to go up and play a couple of rounds. Let's eat first, Sis! Brother hasn't eaten yet. Okay, let's eat. Welcome to Eat First in the 21st Century This is what happens a thousand years later. Brother, you eat this. This meat is so delicious! Unexpectedly, I was taken care of by my youngest sister. This taste is incomparable to anything the market can offer. Gao Ming, have a drink Thank you, brother. Please sit down. No need to be polite here. Do you two want some? Brothers, you guys drink! Let's just forget about the two of us. Brother, let me toast you! Cheers! I want to drink milk We want to drink YY Is YY still around? besides Yusho Kuriko also drinks YY. The food in the palace has gone bad I heard my brother passed on his culinary skills. It's not that I'm from the Yushu Hongxiu sect, it's all the same. Brother, since you rarely come, please eat more. Yes, yes, eat more I ate too much today. Brother, my room is so beautiful! I also have a brother who's coming with us to see... Good, good, brother, you should broaden your horizons. Brother, is my room bright and airy? This is the most beautiful room my brother has ever seen. After my brother finished looking at the four sons, it was my turn. Hengyang, your room is so beautiful too. This was prepared by my brother for us. Also as an older brother Why do I feel like I'm a bit bad at this? Let's stay here tonight. There are plenty of rooms Not today. I didn't ask my grandfather for permission. Brother, take me home. Fourth son, take your brother back. Brother, aren't you sleeping here? Not today Come again later Hmm Bro Then I'll go back. Are Auntie and Grandma asleep? Reading a book It's getting late, let's go to sleep. Little Ninth Brother This is my brother Xiao Jiu, hurry up and call him brother! Yeah, it's okay. Let's play, four kids! My brother is going to the Taiji Hall to install an air conditioner. I came back after I finished installing it. Brother, I want to go with you. You all went What should I do about Xiao Jiu? Let's go together! Grandpa was also in the Taiji Hall Xiao Jiu will get a beating if she goes. Grasshopper, go ahead. Let's go play! Nephew, hehe I saw your car from a long way off. Cheng Shibo came to see His Majesty No, no, no, I came here specifically to find you. I originally wanted to ask Your Majesty when you will arrive. Unexpectedly, we bumped into each other. It's probably because of opening a store. Yes, yes, my dear nephew Let's see what else we need to prepare. Uncle Cheng went to great lengths I'll go to Dongshi after I finish installing the air conditioner. Haha, I'm so lucky to have arrived! air conditioner It's a kind of thing that can cool down the room. Things What are you doing here? Greetings, Your Majesty I've come to discuss the opening with the young master. I've never seen this before. Joining in the fun! Okay, do as you please This thing is a hundred times stronger than ice. A cool breeze could come out in the middle of summer. It's installed. It's ready to use. Zhang Shibao, let me teach you how to use this. I'm sorry to trouble you, young man. This can not only blow cold air It can also blow hot air My dear nephew, let me try it too! This thing is interesting. Success or give the remote control to the servant? Give it to me, it won't break. Thank you for your success. The air conditioner is installed. I went to Dongshi with Cheng Shibao. Go ahead and get busy. My dear nephew left the palace Dongshi is quite far Shall we drive there? Hmm It would be so much better if driving were more convenient. Let's go quickly. We'll have to wait a little while. I went back to my room to say hello to Si Zi and Cheng Yang. Okay, okay, then I'll just stay here and wait for a quiet job. As long as there's a car to ride in, that's fine. They're playing over there. You're back! My brother is going to Chang'an. Are you going or not? Yeah, I want to go. Brother, let's go. Brother, let's go quickly, I want to go too. Xiao Jiu should go along too. Are you going to arrange things at the store? Let's see how to arrange it. Should Yuzhang and I go with us? No need, Cheng Shibao is with me over there, brother. Will Grandpa still beat me if he sees me? Definitely! Can I not go? Why did Adie beat up Xiao Jiu? I guess my second uncle read some interesting books yesterday. Good books It's okay, stay in the car and don't get out. He can't see Why can this car move on its own? Because crickets are very powerful. My brother has many impressive skills. Wait, does this car have air conditioning? The same car also has air conditioning. Oh, oh, oh, so good, so good! Let's go Oh my, the two princesses have arrived too! His Highness Prince Jin was also there. Tang Bohu is good Hello, Master Cheng Hello Uncle Cheng! Greetings, Your Highnesses How can it move on its own? Could it be some kind of monster? Couldn't you have seen people sitting inside? This is the car in the palace. It walks on its own without the need for oxen or horses. Doesn't Cheng Shibo find it hot? I feel a bit stuffy So this is someone showing off? Isn't this Duke Su? It looks like to me Please make way. They've never seen the world. What's so interesting about this? My dear nephews, may the young princes go in and take a look. These shelves are all usable. It's pretty good, but there aren't enough shelves. That's easy, I'll have someone send a few sets over. Let my eldest and second sons come and help you. We're short of someone to watch the shop. Okay, then let them come over. Go quickly and summon Da Lang and Er Lang, as you command. Brother, I can also help you manage the shop. Brother, I can too. You can also help your brother watch the shop. Brother, I can buy things. Brother, can I help pack it up? Although the little ones couldn't help But it's rare to have such a heart. What does Cheng Shibao do? The above is the warehouse. It can also be lived in. I'll take you up. Just right to use as a warehouse From now on, we'll just send the goods here. Saves on shipping What do you think of this place? Brother, are we going to sleep in the street? I won't sleep here We make money here. Can I buy delicious food with the money I earn? certainly I need money to buy lots of delicious food. You want to help your brother run the shop I just want to buy delicious food. Brother, will we have lots of money in the future? There will be lots and lots of money I never even dared to dream of being a beast of burden before. You can also buy food for Xiao Jiu. I've seen almost everything. Let's go downstairs and sit for a while. Why haven't the sons arrived yet? Cheng Shibao is not in a hurry There's probably a traffic jam on the road. These two guys are probably asking for trouble. I'm going out to take a look. Brother What What is itchy skin? He deserves a beating. Building Construction he's a shrewd arbiter make a uh are you unaware The young master is waiting inside for something useless. Hurry up and pay your respects. Greetings, Your Highness Prince Jin Eh Momo Ash And there's also Liangliang Ashu, hehe. Prince Jinyang Ah-xiu, that's good. Jian Zhi stood still This is Da Lang Chu Mo. Erlang Chuliang Momo Liangliang Hmm hehehe Stop laughing, work hard with the young master from now on. Yes, it's Grandpa. Actually, there wasn't much stock. Arrive in two days Set up the shelves before the goods arrive. Just get ready to open. Will the West Market area open at the same time? We'll see how things go at the time before opening the West Market. Brother, I'm a little hungry. It's all my brother's fault for forgetting the time. You can arrange the specifics. My dear nephew, you've all arrived! Let's have a meal together There are plenty of restaurants around here. The three young princes were also hungry. Is it alright if we eat here? Let's eat here. I'll have to show you which restaurant is the best. You don't need to worry about my arrangements. Yay! Let's go eat something delicious with Tang Bohu! When it comes to delicious food You perked up. This is the most upscale restaurant in the East Market. It's called Wangchunlou. The Duke of Su graces us with his presence A glorious sight Do you know who these people are? Uncle Cheng was just having a meal. What are you standing there for? Hey hey There are no seats for them before my nephew and His Highness. Sit down and eat together I felt uncomfortable with them standing there. Did you hear me? Get out of here! No, no, I meant for them to sit down and eat together. I'll make an exception for today. Hurry up and sit down. Thank you, Grandpa Xie and Young Master Xie Oh dear, Lao Cheng's parenting style is a bit too strict. My dear nephews, Your Highnesses, please have a taste! Si Zi Changyang Xiao Jiu Eat quickly, be careful it's hot! The taste is too strong, like the one from the palace. What do you think of this dish, my dear nephew? Nephew, have a drink. Don't drink and drive My nephew drinks in the palace Is it possible to get that kind of liquor? If our store sells It's definitely fire! How come I didn't think of that? Selling alcohol is a big business. It is possible to obtain Haha, that's great! I'll buy more then. That liquor is strong. I'll send Cheng Shibao a few bottles then. Different tastes But it's powerful enough. The food at Chang'an Restaurant is really mediocre. Cheng Shibao: I want to open a restaurant in Chang'an. Do you think this is feasible? Want to open a restaurant if you have a sinecure? Selling glass flashlights Making a fortune by opening a restaurant is a completely different story. There are countless restaurants in Chang'an. My restaurant is absolutely different from others. Oh, how are they different? The flavor of these chives is unique in all of Chang'an. With your sake, I'll never have to worry about customers. The food made by Tang Bohu Guo Guo is so delicious! The food and drinks are unmatched by any other restaurant. Modern seasonings here A classic case of dimensional reduction attack. Leave this to me. I just don't know if there are any suitable shops. Go check it out after you finish eating. Which one to choose? Leave it to me. We only look at the storefront. Don't get into conflicts with others Don't worry, these are all houses owned by familiar people. Are you not going to eat any more? I won't eat anymore. Chen Yang, eat some more You didn't eat much. Brother, I don't want to eat anymore. Xiao Jiu used this to wipe her mouth. Where's my wallet? The lobby is broken; you can't pay with your phone. It's none of your business. Come on, you two, settle the bill. Okay, Auntie Guoguo, where are we going now? I need to find a shop to make money. This is the Empress's finest shop. Nephew, please take a look and I'll go talk to you. Their business is doing very well. How can you just give it up like that? It would be better to keep it close to my existing shop for easier management. Then I'll take charge of the house next door, belonging to that big black guy. Make him vacate his things today. I have met the Duke of Su. Call your eldest son over Even the young master is here. Tell him to hurry up, yes, yes, yes I'll go right away. Let's go inside and wait for him for a while. The young princes ate A walnut to cheer myself up Thank you, Tang Bohu, hahaha We four are the smartest. Where is the young master? Young Master, Your Highnesses, have graced us with your presence! Uncle Shihao Yuchi Uncle Shihao Yuchi Shibo is good Bathhouse Expo Young master wants to open a restaurant Your shop is just right. I will make up the rent and cover the losses. So convenient! I have plenty of houses. I immediately made room That's right, just say what you have to say. Don't hesitate. Yuchi Shibo, please state any conditions you may have. Hehe, you need to have people to run a restaurant, right? You little rascal, you also want your son to follow in the footsteps of the young master? Can your son... Why doesn't mine work? We're short-staffed, no problem. Thank you so much, young man. It should be me, Uncle Xie Yuchi, who is in charge. How long will it take to vacate the shop? Clean up Hui Dalang, take action now. It can be done before dark. What are you waiting for? It's a nest You eat Eat up, it's getting late. I'll take the children back to the palace first. Alright, alright, young master, take care. Oh, good. Follow the young man With you all The benefit is that it took a while to come back. I rented a shop today. Planning to open a restaurant Great news! Have you thought of a name yet? I will write two plaques for you with my own brush. I'm not very good at naming things. Why not have my second uncle give me a name? The items you sell are all rare and unusual. How about calling the shop Tiangongge? This name couldn't be better! As for restaurants What's a good name for our restaurant? Is a restaurant a place to eat? Yes, it's our own restaurant. They have everything you want to eat. Then let's call it Xiangxiangda. Is the Four Sons' place called Xiangxianglou? Everything smells so good! Alright, then let's name our restaurant Xiangxianglou. Are you sure you want this name? Let's call it Xiangxianglou. The scumbag brought out his pen and ink. Scumbag, hurry up and arrange for the craftsmen to make the plaque. Let's go back to the palace. All done When you're done with work, or as you would say, you're off work. Uncle Er Can I take a look? I don't really want to see Zhou Juan. I want to see what it looks like inside. Watch whenever you want Just don't mess it up for me. Thank you, Second Uncle This memorial is almost the size of a primary school student's exercise book. From Dachen River to Bianzhou Prefect Cui Yuanjing respectfully submits this memorial. The roads in Henan, where my second uncle lives, are still difficult to travel. Especially Bianzhou and Zhengzhou low-lying terrain The most severely affected Oh no, if the road is still blocked... Planting potatoes is completely too late. It will take at least half a month to transport it from Chang'an. This is really too risky. It would be terrible if we missed it. Oh right, how could I forget about teleportation? Uncle, I have a way to save transportation time. Ox-carts and horse-drawn carriages are too slow When can we move to a different place? I can deliver potatoes directly to Henan. Haha, good lad! It really has to be you. Just kill me. However, I need to go to Henan first before I can teleport. That's a hundred times faster than transporting potatoes. 3,000 tons of potatoes require tens of thousands of carts and horses. This will save you a huge amount of money. Save so much Don't give me any points Haha, your second uncle definitely won't treat you badly. Let's discuss how I'll go to Henan first, we'll pay you back then. You definitely need to drive to get to Henan from here. I still need to drive your SUV. Conservatively speaking, it should arrive within two days. Okay, I'll set off once you've finished preparing for the opening. I treat this as a road trip through the Tang Dynasty whenever I have free time. Go back to the palace for dinner Second Sister If we can't break the four pieces, maybe we should just give up. Si Zichangyang went back. What are you guys playing? Brother, I can't break it. The four of them must stop immediately. I can't crack this walnut, it's too hard. Stop smashing it This thing is not for cracking walnuts. I haven't even smashed it open yet! I want to eat walnuts Grandpa's here, Grandpa's going to smash it open for you. Yeah, Grandpa smashed it open for us. Goodness, using an imperial seal to crack walnuts is truly hardcore! Wow, Auntie, you're amazing! Eat up, eat up Auntie, there's more! Second Uncle, is this the Imperial Seal of the State? I didn't expect you to know that. Let me see quite a few. Hold it tight and don't drop it! I actually touched a real jade seal! Can I play for two days? Is this playable? Stop joking. Just kidding. This was truly passed down from the Qin Dynasty. I heard the size is wrong. You know quite a lot, kid. This jade seal was not made from the He Shi Bi jade at all. Bamboo slips were used in the Qin and Han dynasties How do you stamp such a big seal? It is placed on the sealing clay. This jade seal is more of a symbol of the dynasty's destiny. I rarely use it on a daily basis. Brother, this smells so good Let's also try what walnuts cracked by the imperial seal taste like. This is delicious! Foods that have been smashed by the imperial seal taste better. Should Sizi Changyang ride in his aunt's car? No, I want to go with the cricket. Have you seen Xiao Jiu? I didn't see it. Thoughts on reading last night I gave the child a little lesson. Is that what you call a slight intervention? Xiao Jiu now sees you like a mouse sees a cat. Okay, let's head back now. Where is the Ninth Prince? Little Ninth's father didn't come, did he? Father has passed away. Oh, how scared did you make the child? Are you going back to Jinyang Garden too, brothers? I'm not going then. I'm going back to my palace. It's okay, Grandpa's not angry anymore. With us He can't hit you. If not, stay in a villa Grandma cuts walnuts for you. Where did these walnuts come from? west Tengxibo gave it to me However, the walnuts belonged to Uncle Shi from the bathhouse family. My dear nephew, the shops in the East Market are all arranged. I was just about to tell my second aunt about opening a restaurant. I rented a shop from the bathhouse next door. Preparing to open a restaurant Please ask my second aunt to have the food bureau send two chefs. I want to sell stir-fries That's easy to say. If you need money, get it from me. If I need it, I'll ask my second aunt. This is Jingyan's account. Half the money is yours. I won't look at the 50/50 split. I don't want the money. You don't want your aunt and me to feel bad. Then I'll take 20%. Give these two components to four Zihe Changyang Why don't you thank your brother? Brother, I'm hungry. Didn't you just eat walnuts? I'm hungry again so soon. I want to eat meat. It's getting late, let's eat here. No, let's go back and eat. I brought Xiao Jiu along too. The three of them get along well. Too troublesome Xiao Jiu is too naughty It's okay, I think Xiao Jiu is quite obedient. Alright then, I'll trouble you, young man. You must obey I understand, Mother. happy day summer day sunshine Eat more persimmons. Xiao Jiu, don't be shy. Just treat it as eating more at home. Brother, eat quickly! Thank you, 4 sons I wish I could stay here forever. To be able to eat such delicious food Not afraid to see my father Good, good, little brother Jiu I'll teach you how to brush your teeth. First, watch how we do it. Then you refresh. Oh, what's wrong with you guys? Why is he foaming at the mouth? This is not white foam This is called toothpaste. Can whiten teeth Your Highness Prince Jing, once you've learned it, give it a try! It's soft. Ninth Prince Use my strawberry flavor. Mine is peach flavored. You can also use mine I'll start with four pieces. Use yours next time You can swipe now. Sweet and delicious The Ninth Prince cannot swallow. My brother said swallowing it would hurt my stomach. Your Highness Prince Jing must not undergo the examination. How is the bed? Is it comfortable? Comfortable with air conditioning Neither hot nor cold Go to sleep. If you need to relieve yourself, go to the bathroom. There are lights inside. Let's go buy firecrackers today. When it opens, let's have some fun. What kind of firecrackers? It's fireworks and firecrackers. Opening a business is all about good luck Oh, it's a shot-splitting game, right? Do I still need to buy that? Why not just cut some bamboo and burn it? No, no, no. I'm talking about gunpowder. Hello, is this for a business opening or a wedding? Opening ceremony with 66 and 88 rings I've never seen this thing in the lobby before. We need more 88 shots! Give me 100 boxes. Are you sure you want 100 boxes? I want to put more Just for fun There are only fifty or sixty boxes in stock. Do you want firecrackers? I need the largest size. Come and take a real shot 100,000 boxes Okay, no problem. Wow, a big client has arrived! Colored smoke walls are used for opening ceremonies. Would you like a set? Fireworks are less effective during the day The colored smoke wall is perfect for making a statement. The largest group is 24 groups. Okay, I'll deliver it to your door. This is a salute. It makes a sound when lit. Is it edible? It makes a sound. The child had never seen fireworks before. We must give them a big surprise. How about your brother gives you a surprise? What is a surprise? It's no longer a surprise if you tell the story. Then let's wait for Nana's surprise. What kinds of fireworks do you have here? Setting off fireworks during the day for an opening ceremony won't be very effective. I'll save it to show the kids tonight. They have both large and small sizes here. All of these need to be included in the total price. This is a small token of my appreciation for the child's play. Thank you, boss. You're welcome. I'll bring it along when I deliver it. Can I have some candy from that tire, bro? This is for stir-frying. Cannot be eaten directly This MSG was an absolute game-changer for the Tang Dynasty. We also need to get some drinks. Xiao Jiu, take whatever you like. Okay, brother I want to go to the warehouse with you too! Okay, but you can only stay in the car. Let's go, Xiao Jiu Get on the bus together What to do? These fires Stay away from smoke and fire I wrote down all the gafolin and igniters. Give it to the children to play with The handle is long enough for children to play with without risk of burns. Very safe How do you play the fruit-fruit game? I won't tell you yet. Stay away The moment to witness a miracle has arrived. Move further away It's over. Lions Cannot go You'll get burned. I was so scared! Come back, it's okay. Not dangerous Is it good-looking or not? Do you want to watch more? nice I still want to see crickets, but I managed to squeeze in. I'll remember the surprise if I borrow it. Yes, that's the surprise! What was that just now? This is called fireworks. I'll show you another one. Auntie, I want to see how to order. I see this lead wire. No need to use this to ignite You have to run after you order. Are you ready? Brother wants to order. I haven't ordered yet. I've never seen the four of them run so fast before. bad at games but loves to play Come back soon This time it's really going to be ordered. Ahhh, bro, you're so mean, hehe. They all harm cowards Stop fooling around, brother will teach you how to light fireworks. i heard it sun shines for you oh my love Run! Run! Like a dream This is just a show. The big box of fireworks we bought is even prettier. After eating, go to the palace to release Go, pot! Why did you eat the persimmons so fast today? Are you full? I want to see the big fireworks. You're full. My brother hasn't finished eating yet. How about I teach you how to play with firecrackers first? Is it okay if it's a firecracker? Come on, brother will get it for you. Did you see this? Nana's brother This is called a snap pop. For us to come out and have fun Just throw it on the ground. Wow, this is fun! I'm taking the cricket now. I'll just keep watch here, young man. You haven't finished your meal yet. Hurry back and eat. You are playing in the yard My brother went in and finished his meal. Guoguo, are you scared? It scared me! I'm scared, I'm scared We need to get in quickly, hahaha Guoguo was scared. Guoguo, you're full so quickly! How was the game? Super fun Didn't you want to set off those big fireworks? When to release It can be placed now. However, it's best to go to the sleeping quarters. If you put it there, your second uncle and aunt can both take a look. I want to show my grandparents my little sore throat. Okay, let's go quickly. Okay, let's go there now. Hey haha Mother, are you scared? If you misbehave again, I'll beat you up. Stop making a scene. What did the four of them just throw? Mother is this My brother bought it for us It's so much fun! You guys go out and play Don't play this indoors. You guys play first. My brother went to the warehouse to get fireworks. Grandpa is back. Grandpa is back What are you so nervous about? Four sons, should we scare Grandpa? Do you two really want to get beaten up? Too naughty Grandpa's going to beat you two up. Mother doesn't care. Shh, don't speak. We played pranks on Father together. What's this little guy up to now? Hmm, what the heck is for you? Aye is continuing the song The song is a firecracker! Why is it so loud? Hehe, isn't it fun? This thing is quite interesting. This pot was bought for us. There were also big fireworks. What big fireworks? The four were talking about fireworks. I'll go to the warehouse and get it right away. The four sons can play with their grandfather and the others again. Okay, Grandpa, I'll give you one too. Haha, let's go! We went outside to play This is fireworks. What is it used for? The four sons should take advantage of the sun and stay far away. This is very loud. My second uncle also hid. You can't stand on the side. i love you The result was so beautiful! I want to watch more Brother continued to play What is this "fairy" called? This thing is so beautiful. I have never seen Can I try lighting the fireworks? Do you want to try this? Mmm, brother is holding you. We'll run after we order. Ah, auspicious omens descend from heaven! It is Your Majesty's virtue God has shown us. It's raining outside. Why is there thunder? Ah Lang, go out and see quickly! Oh dear, over there in the imperial city! Why are you stammering? It wasn't raining or thundering. Come out and take a look! Strange Phenomena Suddenly Appear in the Imperial City He must enter the palace immediately. Prepare horses for the emperor Quickly take the clothes This is the harmony between heaven and humanity. Auspicious sign of the beginning of a prosperous era, my dear nephew! Let me try the next box too. His Majesty and the officials of the various states requested an audience outside the palace gates. Your Excellencies saw a loud noise and bright light in the palace. I am grateful for Your Majesty's safety. Has Wei Zheng arrived? Duke Zheng was also outside the palace gate. Oh no, now Wei Zheng is going to nag me endlessly again. Oh no, setting off fireworks has caused such a big misunderstanding! Nephew, don't release it yet. Or should I go and explain to my uncles and elders? There's no need to take the fireworks to the Taiji Hall. Tell the gentlemen to wait in the Taiji Hall. Obeying orders is always a mistake It's all a misunderstanding. That was my nephew setting off fireworks in the yard. It's good that you're alright. I said this was an auspicious sign from heaven. It was originally just for entertainment. It was a false alarm. Your Majesty, I have heard that ruling the world by one person... Not to serve the world for one person We initially thought it was a calamity or anomaly sent by Heaven. Braving the elements to rush to the palace gates to protect the emperor Who would have thought it was His Majesty's indulgence in frivolous pursuits that led to his neglect of his duties? It's good that no one is hurt. How can Your Majesty keep such good things to yourself? You should at least share this with us old buddies. It has already been sent over. Dear Uncles The young master was originally a toy for the young princes. Sorry for disturbing everyone I'm so sorry Where are the fireworks? Let us see! It has already been delivered. Right outside Go out and see the world Brother, do you need my help? Pot, pot, pot can light a fire I don't need your help. Go to the side. The fireworks will be very loud in a moment. This thing is so beautiful! This really broadened my horizons. Just now at home I thought it was a miracle that the gods won by a narrow margin. Such a strange thing exists in the world. It's incredible! Isn't Cheng Shibao very beautiful? This is what my cricket bought. My brother and Si Zi's brother Young master, can we try putting it out ourselves? You big black guy They're even more shameless than me Cheng Shibo, don't worry There are plenty of fireworks. Haha, thank you so much, my dear nephew! Just light this fuse. Keep away from flammable materials Press this switch to ignite the fire. Ah, my dear nephew Can this thing be used to light oil lamps or candles? This is for starting a fire. This thing is amazing. The young man treasures everything he carries. Does this "nephew" thing still exist? How much does one cost? This thing needs to be charged. You can't use it. Okay, I'll go back and get a few lighters. For my fellow senior brothers to use. I'm going to start ordering now. You guys play here first. Brother went back for a visit The lighter is here Young master, what is this? This is a windproof lighter. Can be used for lighting candles or oil lamps Cheng Shibo, your Thank you so much, my dear nephew. My esteemed elders, please be so kind. Fruit after fruit How do you play? Brother will teach you. After lighting it, hold it up towards the sky and don't move, understand? Okay, I understand, brother. Wow, this is so much fun! Big Blackie, come quick and put out the fire! Ouch Whew, that was close! My aunt scared me to death. My uncle and the others have put out the fire. The fire has been extinguished. Fortunately, it was discovered in time. Don't cry if it's okay. It's all my brother's fault for not keeping a good eye on the four children. do not be afraid Just be more careful next time. Uncle, I'll take them back to rest first. It's good that everyone goes back to rest first. I'll have someone come and clean up the scene in a bit. Auntie, you're awake! Shh, Second Sister hasn't woken up yet. Let's keep our voices down. I said I want to eat! My tummy is hungry again! Let's get up now. Check if you've had breakfast yet. The four brothers Cheng Yang is awake! Get up and have breakfast. What did you do today, brother? Waiting to receive the goods The logistics information says it will arrive today. You don't need to study at home. Do you need my second sister, my ninth brother, and I to help you? Of course I used it. We still need you guys to cause trouble. After eating, I can go cause trouble. brother How come this thing is all unloaded? I didn't realize there were so many when I ordered them. Can this be done with a forklift? Yes, that's fine. I'll go rent a car Wow, this little forklift is amazing! He's so strong! Let's take a closer look. Don't let children get close Don't get too close, it's not safe. Do you understand? How much does this forklift cost, brother? Mine is 3 tons. Lifting height 4.5 meters A little over 90,000 How much does it cost to burn oil? Gasoline cars are cheaper You can buy a decent one for 50,000 to 60,000. My brother recommends this. I also want to buy one Okay, I'll give you my contact information. Brother's forklift is amazing! It can be lifted very high He is also very strong Shall we buy one too? Let's go check out the forklifts. This is the one. I'll give you an address. Please deliver the goods to me immediately. This will be arranged for you. I went to the East Market to see if the shops were ready. Go make some money! All the money my brother earns belongs to you. Young Master, several His Highnesses are well Brothers, don't be shy. From now on, we'll all be family. What the young man said was... Brother Momo I'll give you this to eat This is chocolate. The one my brother bought is super delicious! How do I eat this? Take this outer skin Just tear it open. You can eat it by simply tearing it open. You guys should try it. Is this dark stuff really edible? His Highness gave it to me. Would I lie to you? That's absolutely amazing! I've never eaten anything so delicious before. Isn't it super delicious? It's delicious, thank you Your Highness. Is everything inside ready? Everything is done We're just waiting for the young master's goods. Can crickets make money? The goods haven't arrived yet. How's the restaurant doing? All the tables and chairs are ready. Go over and take a look. Now all that's missing is my order. When will the young master's goods arrive? First delivery Behave yourself Cannot give anyone suspicion I'll arrange delivery right away. Opening tomorrow How's the matter with my nephew's shop going? Everything is ready Preparing to open tomorrow Opening a business is a big deal We need to consult Master Li to calculate an auspicious day. That's fine. Go to the Grand Tutor's Office and invite Grand Tutor Li here. His Highness had lunch here. Your second uncle is back too. Are we eating here? Yeah, let's eat here.

  Top Comments:
  1. @二哈书窗 [20 likes]: 04:33:39 第八集
后续：https://youtu.be/Kx_7eAIEi6E
  2. @韓文生 [2 likes]: 城陽是2姐 那怎叫豫章6姐 好怪 但豫章滿好看❤
  3. @龍蠻 [2 likes]: 又更新了，我又要在看一遍了❤❤
  4. @簡信昌-z8m [1 likes]: 怎麼是雷碧而不是傻碧😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
  5. @喵糕-q4y [1 likes]: 窩要次飯飯😆
  6. @shinkashizuki8563 [1 likes]: Thank you for uploading this video.
Your video make my heart warm and melt 🩷🩷🥰
  7. @松埼楊 [1 likes]: ❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤❤🇮🇷🇮🇷🇮🇷🇮🇷🇮🇷
  8. @miraallones7261 [1 likes]: Im here from tiktok😂
  9. @mla3188 [1 likes]: 背景音樂很吵
  10. @明知故問-h7f [1 likes]: 加更哈~這版本這可愛好看
  11. @jaketabamo7160 [1 likes]: thank you for the another wonderful episode again☺ hoping for more to come and update us.☺🥰🤗
  12. @危機就是轉機 [1 likes]: 好忙的現代高收入的男保母。
  13. @nusirock7087: 😆
  14. @DheaWedha: Perlu sedikit perbaikan di terjemahan karena banyak yang tidak muncul.
  15. @高衫-f9x: 古時候有現代的道路😂😂😂
  16. @許金龍-l9q: 誰家不想生一個這樣的小祖宗來疼
  17. @韓文生: 這部 我看了快10遍了 一看再看😂😂😂😂
  18. @edr5870: 這版本好像有點東西  有點猛
  19. @JF-wi6th: 真可愛🥰
  20. @Fantasyland19: 37:58